Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today we're going to be diving into the 10 best metrics that you need to track on your Facebook ads. The truth is, is that there is a massive amount of data that you can track on your Facebook ads account, but there's only a few that really matter.

And by focusing in on those, you're going to be more accurately able to determine if your Facebook ads are actually working. And you're going to be able to gather learnings from the data so that you can make improvements in the future. And we're going to be diving into five main KPIs.

Those are the things that are going to be the most important to your brand and your business. And then we also have five secondary KPIs. These are going to help inform us about the going-ons in our campaigns.

So the first most important thing that we're going to be tracking is the cost per result or most likely the cost per purchase. And this is really important to determining the profitability of your Facebook ads. You know, you're going to have to determine how much you're willing to spend to acquire a customer.

And that's what that number is. Number two, especially in the beginning, you want to track those total amount of purchases. And number three, you also want to track those add to carts.

And a reason why it's so important to follow both total purchases and add to carts is because you ultimately want to determine how many people are not converting after they've already added to cart. Another important thing that you're going to want to track is your purchase conversion value. And so this is how much money people are actually spending during a purchase.

I really like looking at my purchase conversion value number at an ad ad set and also campaign level so that I can know how much my campaigns are making or my audiences are making, or even a specific ad is making. And number five is ROAS or your return on ad spend. And essentially what this means is for every $1 that you put into Facebook ads, how much are you getting back out?

Now I tend to notice that a lot of people place a lot of importance and weight on ROAS or what a good ROAS is. But to be honest, that's really something that you have to determine for your business. And that's most likely going to be based on your cost per result and what is ultimately the most profitable for you.

So if you haven't noticed for all of these main KPIs, it all has to do with purchase. And that's because when it comes to econ, these are your most important metrics. I see a lot of beginners get bogged down with things like CPC or CPM.

And to be honest, those things are determined by the audiences that you're targeting. And in some sense, the product that you're actually selling, it doesn't necessarily determine if you're going to be profitable. So I really wouldn't concentrate on these things in the beginning.

Now for secondary metrics, these are the things that I like to look at maybe if my campaigns aren't doing so well, but also if they are doing well, I like to take a look at these numbers to see if there's something that we can improve on. And number five is going to be your link click through rate. Now the reason why we're not looking at all click through rates is because that's actually looking at all the clicks that someone could take on the ad.

So that could be someone clicking on your Instagram profile, that could be someone actually just clicking on the ad picture. When you're talking about the link click through rate, that's actually the link that goes to your website. And that's definitely the one that you want to track.

And the reason why it's really important to track your link click through rate is because this is actually going to show you how much your ad is identifying with your audience. So if you have a high click through rate, that's really good because it means that your ad is resonating with your audience. And for number six, the thing that I like to look at is frequency.

This is going to show you how many times your ad is being shown to one person. For example, if you're looking at your ad data over the last seven days, and you see that you have a frequency of two, that means on average, one person has seen your ad two times. This is a really important metric to track specifically in your retargeting campaigns, where I like to keep my frequency around a four or five or below.

You definitely have to watch out for getting a really high frequency because that means that you might have too high of a budget, especially in your retargeting campaigns. And if you notice your frequency creeping above a two for your cold prospecting campaigns, that probably means that you need to expand your audience. Now for number seven, it's actually a combination of two metrics.

It's link clicks and landing page views. And I'm counting these two as one because they're really important to track together. Essentially, link clicks is the number of times someone clicked on your link.

And then landing page views is the number of times that someone landing on landed on your landing page. So in theory, every time someone that clicks on your link, they should land on the landing page. But to be honest, it never ends up happening that way.

Sometimes when people are on mobile, their mobile Wi Fi cuts out or whatever, there are tons of different scenarios. If you notice that there's a huge discrepancy between these numbers, it might signalize something like your website is running too slow. And that's a really important thing that you know, as soon as possible, so that you can get ahead of it and make those changes.

So you're not wasting ad dollars on getting people to a website that just loads too slowly. And number eight, number nine is going to be leads and cost per leads. And yes, I always track these even if I'm doing ecom and I'm trying to go right after the purchase or add to cart.

And my reason is because I know that Facebook ads do not happen in a vacuum and that by having multiple touch points with a customer, I'm likely to get better results. So on every single website that I work on, I make sure that there is some kind of lead magnet or freebie or newsletter sign up so that people can have another way to engage with the brand through email. Because the reality is, is that most people are not going to buy the first time they go to your website.

But some people are going to want to sign up for your email list. And being able to track the number of leads that I'm generating alongside the number of purchases is super valuable, not only for clients, but the overall health of their businesses. Now number 10 is amount spent.

And I know this might seem like a stupid one to follow. But I assure you that this is vital to determining the health of your Facebook ad campaigns. And there's really two reasons why.

Number one, you need to actually make sure that your Facebook ads are spending every day. Even I recently had a situation where I realized that one of my campaigns didn't spend for three days straight. And I didn't notice it because Facebook didn't alert me.

And over the years, to be honest, this has happened to me on several different levels at the campaign level at ad set level and also on ad level. And really, this is unfortunately becoming a lot more problem. I've noticed that like the Facebook ads platform has gotten really buggy into the middle of 2020.

And number two, if you're using CBO, it is super important to understand where your money is actually being spent within those CBO campaigns. Because what you'll notice is the first few days of launching a CBO campaign, the ad spend is going to be pretty even among the ad sets. But then Facebook is going to start pulling in the budget into one of your ad sets.

But if you notice that you're actually getting better results from an ad set that's not getting spent, then you need to rectify that by making a minimum spend adjustment at the ad set level. I know it's kind of ridiculous to think that you need to follow your amount spent. But I've just seen so many issues that it's something I recommend all my clients follow as well.

And that's it. If you guys feel like I missed out on one of the metrics that you guys are always tracking, be sure to let me know in the comments. I tend to find that certain media buyers are following other metrics more than others.

And I find it really interesting to know what resonates with certain advertisers or business owners more than others. So that's it. Thanks, guys.

Bye.