What's up, marketers? In today's video, I'm going to be exploring the top 10 mistakes you need to avoid on your Facebook ads in 2022. Now, these mistakes are also the most common that I see while performing account audits on potential incoming clients at the agency where I work, thesis.

Some of these are going to be pretty complex, but some of these are also really easy fixes. So let's go ahead and dive right in. The first mistake is using a Facebook ads funnel or using traffic campaigns, brand awareness campaigns, or engagement campaigns when really your goal is sales.

This is a really common mistake I see newbie media buyers making because they think they need to use a Facebook ads funnel in order to get people to purchase from their website. So what they do is they use engagement campaigns to get social proof on their ads, and then they retarget those people with traffic campaigns, and then retarget those people with conversion campaigns or lead gen campaigns, and then only retarget people who added to cart to actually make that purchase. And here is why that is the wrong approach.

These upper funnel campaigns are filled with really low quality people. When you tell Facebook to use an engagement or traffic campaign, they are literally looking at people who like to click on ads, like to window shop essentially, but never like to buy. They are trying to get you as much engagement and as much traffic as possible without really considering the quality of that person.

So if you're in the game of sales and you want a high ROAS or a low CPA, then you really need to be telling Facebook to go directly after those purchases. This is something I've tested pretty rigorously even into 2022. I've even tried optimizing for add to carts and using traffic campaigns that optimize for landing page views, and this is still incredibly inefficient.

However, if you do want to see what is currently working in terms of account structure, be sure to check out this video that dives into exactly how I set up my Facebook ad campaigns post iOS 14 in 2022. Hint, consolidation is your friend. And for most of my accounts, I am only using three conversion to purchase campaigns, even for clients that are spending about a million dollars per month.

And mistake number two is testing more audiences than creatives. This is something I see a lot with account audits. And if I see that they're testing into several different single interest ad sets, testing into several different percentages of lookalikes, this tells me that they're trying to find efficiency in the wrong way, especially if they're not testing into the creative strategy as much.

And the reason why this is the wrong approach is because a lot of the targeting on Facebook is already automated. Detailed targeting expansion in some cases is already automatically turned on for a lot of my clients. And Facebook is starting to phase out several interests this year.

So if you're not leaning in heavier into testing your creative strategy, this generally signals to me that something is wrong with the overall approach to the account. And building off of that is mistake number three, which is not testing into broad audiences. Now I have a video that does a deep dive on why I love testing into broad audiences.

So be sure to check that out right here. But essentially, a broad audience has completely open targeting and is targeting everyone on Facebook except for a few parameters on age, gender, or location. And the reason why I love testing into broad audiences is because this is the most scalable audience, right?

And think about it, if you can get a creative to work on a broad audience, then the only optimization that you really have to do here is increase or decrease the budget depending on your goals. Additionally, I also love using broad to test my creatives because if something works on a broad audience, then it's very likely to work across your other interests and your lookalikes that you're using in your core campaign. And the fourth mistake is relying only on in-platform metrics or not using a third-party data service to evaluate what's actually going on with your campaigns.

And the reality is, is that post iOS 14, your in-platform metrics are not nearly as reliable as they used to be, especially for things that happen after someone clicks on your ad. So we have a lot less data about people who are viewing certain products, about people who are adding to cart, and even people who are purchasing. And at Thesis, we have a number of ways that we like to do this.

Number one, we do always use Google Analytics across the board for all of our clients. We have a really robust naming convention on our UTM, so we often go inside of Google Analytics to get a sense of how Google thinks our campaigns are doing. But I also think that this is not quite enough.

So at Thesis, we also like to use Funnel.io to create our own reporting templates and really triangulate a lot of the data from Ads Manager to our post-purchase surveys and to Google Analytics and Shopify to really get a sense of what's going on. Now, some of those clients, and something that I also recommend for smaller brands that maybe don't need to have as robust of a reporting structure, I recommend that they check out Triplewell where they can create their own reporting dashboards and where they can triangulate a lot of that data as well in a super easy to use way. So be sure to check them out.

P.S. That was not sponsored. I just genuinely enjoyed the product.

And number five is not looking at the right metrics. Now, I'm not going to go super in-depth on this one because I actually just created a video that shows you the exact metrics and custom dashboard that I create inside of Facebook Ads Manager that I use every single day with my clients. But the metrics that I often see that people aren't tracking are the ones that you have to customize.

So things like your overall conversion rates or your video hook and your video hold rates. But these help tell a really great creative story about how people are interacting with your ads and also about that target audience and what they're doing post-click. Now, I know that we have lost a lot of data from iOS 14, so everything post-click is a little muddy when just looking aside of Facebook's Ads Manager, which is really why you do need a third-party data service.

But being able to track that directly on Facebook Ads Manager is a really great gut check. And mistake number six is a really easy one that you guys can fix, which is testing into only one creative format. Now, I've seen some accounts where they were only testing into images or only testing into video.

And I highly recommend that all of my clients test into all of that. So they have a few ads that are going to be images. They have a few that are going to be gifs or boomerangs or longer form video or even carousels or collection ads.

Now, even though video is like the hot and sexy thing and everyone's doing it, what's kind of interesting is I see a lot of really great performance recently coming out of images because they have a lot lower CPMs and they aren't as competitive as the video space right now. It used to be before actually that I saw videos had a lot lower CPMs because Facebook was trying to push those a lot and not as many people were doing it. But like the word has gotten out.

So now it's time to retry some good image ads, I'd say. And mistake number seven is not considering your landing page or your offer or even your product. Now, I know that this is super, super broad, but something that I've seen a lot with other brands that I've worked with in the past is that they sort of believe that Facebook is going to be this cure all and that they just need to find the right audience or the right ad to make all of their business woes disappear.

And that's why, you know, I often look at the full funnel experience, not just the ads. So I'm also taking a look at, okay, what, where are they actually sending their traffic? Are they sending it to a collection page, a PDP page, or are they doing like a listicle or a quiz to actually warm up and evaluate that potential traffic?

And then also looking at their offer and how they're actually trying to entice people to buy and then buy again. And really, if they are positioning their product in the best way possible. And if you are new to Facebook ads, I'm going to say that this one, number seven, is probably something that you are not getting right.

And you are especially not getting right out of the gate. So as much that you're considering which audiences to touch or what's creatives to test on Facebook ads manager, also really consider about that post-click experience. Really think about which landing pages you're using.

And if you're just starting off, don't try and complicate this so much. Try sending traffic to the homepage, to a bestsellers or collection page, or even a PDP page of your bestseller. And then again, take a look at your offer.

Are you doing something that's enticing for people to want to buy the first time? And how are you getting them to want to convert again so that you can increase your LTV? And then also think about the real benefits of your product and if you're showcasing those correctly.

This one is super nuanced. And I'd even say that a lot of my clients aren't doing this as perfectly as they can be. But it's all about making incremental improvements every single day or every single week across your ads, your landing page, your offer, and of course how you're positioning your product.

And mistake number eight is spending too much on retargeting. Now this is another big mistake I've seen a lot of people make, particularly on the account audits that I do at Thesis. And really what's happening here is that they're spending way too much of their budget and retargeting, oftentimes more than they're spending on their prospecting campaigns.

And an interesting thing to note is that Thesis, we do have a rule of thumb where we like to have 90% of our spend in prospecting campaigns and then only 10% in our retargeting campaigns. And here's why. Many of the sales that you're going to be getting in your retargeting campaigns are not incremental.

And we found this out by doing several conversion lift tests inside of Facebook ads, which I think you now need to do for their marketing science department. So if you ever get reached out to by a Facebook marketing expert or by your partner manager, be sure to ask them about this. But essentially what it means if a sale is not incremental, it means that these people would have likely converted anyways, even if they didn't see your retargeting ad.

Plus I've also seen the issue where a lot of brands will put a bulk of their budget in retargeting only to then dry up their retargeting audiences. Because they weren't putting enough budget into their prospecting audiences, they actually ran out of people to retarget. So one way that you can make sure that you're not spending too much in your retargeting is by looking at the metric frequency.

And some benchmarks that I like to keep for my own campaigns is that if I see over the last seven days, there's a frequency of four or more that signals that I have way too much money in my retargeting campaign. So I'll shift that more to my prospecting. And essentially what your frequency number tells you is it tells you on average how many times someone has seen an ad over a specific time period.

So if you've ever been hit with the same ad over and over and over and over again, that's because someone's frequency on you particularly is way too high and they've probably put way too much money into their retargeting campaigns. And mistake number nine is not having a cohesive creative strategy. Now this is a super in-depth one that I'm actually going to be creating a blog post and a new video in the coming weeks that goes over exactly how I develop a creative strategy for my clients.

Some of the highlights here is looking into the kinds of ad types that people are testing. Are they using UGC? What other types of video strategies are they using?

How are they using images and carousels? And some of the ways that you can help formulate your creative strategy is also by looking at what types of ads your competitors are running and which ones they're using more frequently. Again, this is a bit of a nuanced one and I can generally tell that someone doesn't have a really cohesive creative strategy because number one, they tell me that they don't and if you don't think that you do, then you don't and that's a problem.

But also if they seem to be using only one type of strategy, so they're only testing into UGC or they're only testing into images or they're only testing into branded type video assets. So while you do need to cast a wide net and test many things, you also need to be really strategic about which things you're going to test and have a bit of a roadmap for yourself. So again, video coming out on that soon.

And mistake number 10 is only testing on Facebook ads. 2022 is definitely the year that I am encouraging all of my clients to test other platforms, particularly testing into TikTok ads. I am super, super bullish on this platform and I am telling essentially all my clients at Thesis, you gotta get on it.

The reality is, is that Facebook ads is not quite what it used to be in terms of getting the sales at a cheaper price and getting to your audience the way that you used to. And while I don't think TikTok ads is going to be a silver bullet for that, I think there is a lot of upsides to that platform and it's one of the most growing platforms that we have access to. And I actually kind of like to compare it to what Facebook ads was five years ago, because not as many advertisers are on it.

So if you have a product or a service and you think that your audience is on TikTok ads, it's definitely the time to try it. Some of the things though about that platform is that the creative strategy is a lot different than what I've seen work on Facebook and Instagram in the past. But what's kind of cool is when testing into TikTok style creative, that kind of content often works on Facebook and Instagram.

So if you wanted to go deeper into that strategy, you'd also have the upside of creating content that's very likely to work across all of your platforms. But in 2022, I think that there is a huge risk in putting all of your customer acquisition money into just Facebook ads alone. I really do believe in diversifying your spend and I think TikTok ads is one of the best ways to do that.

And that is it. If you guys have any questions or you think that I missed a mistake that other people are currently making on Facebook ads, be sure to write them in the comments below. And if you enjoyed this video, please give it a like and subscribe because those small actions really do help me out as a creator.

Thanks. Bye.