Multi-touch attribution. Triple Whale versus North Beam. How much to charge as a foreigner meaty buyer.

Today we're going to be having more of a casual video and I'm going to be answering some of the questions that you guys sent to me over Instagram stories as well as on my community page over at YouTube. So let's go ahead and dive into it. What are the first creatives to test in a new ad account when you need results fast?

So I have a video all about the 10 creatives that I literally test on every single ad account that I'm given. It's interesting. I'll take consulting calls with brands and they'll be like, which creatives should I use?

And I always point them back to this video and I kind of feel bad that they get consulting calls with me because that's literally what I would do. So be sure to try out a press screenshot. Be sure to try out a features point out.

Be sure to try out problem solution UGC. Be sure to try out a TikTok response bubble as a hook. All of these things are things that I suggest to brands that pay me a lot of money to talk to them directly that I give this channel for free all the time.

Next question is how to start as a media buyer. Often a lot of people ask me, how can I get experience as a newbie media buyer? Where can I get this experience?

Jobs need experiences. I would suggest honestly, either getting an internship or even paying to be a part of a paid coaching program. One of my friends, Cynthia Sindolival actually has an amazing coaching program where she allows you to work on ad accounts with her so that you're able to get that experience.

And yeah, I mean, I'm not going to lie. You have to pay to do that. I really don't think that in 2023, you're going to be able to find too many free or paid types of training activities unless you are already doing it with your current job.

So if you had to do it for free, I would say, hey, try to find an entry level marketing job where you can have that type of exposure. Otherwise, especially if you're very serious about this career path and you want to invest in yourself and speed line that and get results sooner, I would highly recommend doing a paid coaching program like Cynthia's. I'll have the link below in the description so that you can check it out.

I love this question. How would you learn online marketing if you had to start all over again? Oh my goodness.

F***ing reggaeton. Honestly, I would start by creating content, whether or not it was YouTube content. I'd probably start on TikTok content if this is something that I wanted to start off doing like tomorrow or today because creating content has been my ultimate career hack.

It has gotten me into rooms that I otherwise wouldn't have been able to get into. It has connected me with brands I otherwise wouldn't have been able to get into. And it's also enabled me to really test my stuff when it comes to creating creatives for media buying.

And it's just made me able to learn a lot faster. So if I had to start all over again, I would start off by becoming a creator. And you know, this is kind of hard advice for me to give because it's not like you're going to be able to become an overnight success.

It's not like you're going to start being able to make money. But I also think it's like a good way to weed out the people that are doing it for the right reasons. Like if you're really passionate about paid social advertising, I would say that one of the best ways to test that is to start making your own content.

This is a tough question. Can the role of creative strategists ever die out like media buyers? Yes, it can.

And you know what? Maybe it will. It's like so hard to say.

My suggestion for people that want to be a media buyer, want to be a creative strategist is number one, to get used to change because no matter what this industry is going to change and it's going to change a lot. And my suggestion is that you commit to the platform, not necessarily committing to be a media buyer or committing to be a creative strategist. Because even in my career, and I am going to be talking about this in a later video, I started off doing organic creative for social media, then I became a media buyer and then now I'm doing creative for paid.

It's, you know, it's not just like I was just a media buyer and that I was very happy and stuck my like flag in the sand for that. You have to adjust a lot in this industry. So I want to encourage people who feel like they need to commit to one career path.

Don't look at it that way. Think about it like you're committing to the platform instead of one distinct path. Have you thought about creating your own e-commerce online store itself product?

Well, not many of you know this, that I actually am a failed co-founder of an e-commerce product. This was several, several years ago. And to be honest, it was not a good time.

And I do think that this is something that I will do again in the future, but I really want it to be another product that I'm super passionate about in an industry that I'm really passionate about. I honestly think I would like to start something in apparel or fashion. That's just an industry that I'm super passionate about.

What's the best process for a small econ brand to get lots of content for creative? I'm going to encourage you to think less about lots of content and more about the most effective content. But if I was doing this on my own, instead of working at thesis, this is what I would do, particularly to get UGC creators.

I would number one, hire someone overseas, like in the Philippines or India to reach out to content creators and negotiate rates with them and essentially do all the management tasks thereof. Then I would personally write the briefs based on what I know about creative strategy and what converts for UGC. And I would essentially create like a small UGC business that kind of just acts like a flywheel.

I think that the costs of that would be pretty low. And if you find the right VA or a person overseas to handle the majority of that workload, I think that you could get away with, you know, doing that pretty well. That person could also like source the creators.

I mean, you could make the selections. That's just like something I've been thinking about a little bit. So yeah.

How can you get clients without any super impressive case studies? Number one, you shouldn't be getting clients solo unless you have experience and you're confident in your ability to actually get them results. But for what it's worth, like, I don't have any written case studies.

I sort of think a lot of them are made up in bullshit. So you don't need them. This is another reason why I think like creating content is the ultimate hack because you can, you know, sort of showcase your case studies and the way that you approach things and the way that you look at things instead of being like, I took this nondescript e-commerce brand from $0 all the way up to $100 million.

But like, honestly, a lot of that stuff is BS and like totally doctored, but be more like concerned with how you're positioning yourself in like the media buyer marketplace. What's the easiest way to make any creative better? I actually have like two main suggestions here.

Number one, make it look as native as possible. So if you are going to be posting content to Instagram or Facebook, like try to make it look like stories or reels and actually using those native treatments, or if it's on TikTok, use like native TikTok treatments. The other thing is try to make sure that the main problem and solution and product is immediately understandable within the first three seconds.

That's something that I'm always like looking out for when I'm looking at creatives where I'm like, huh, can I actually understand what the product is and what it's solving within the first second, three seconds, five seconds? When is the product being introduced? It tends to have a pretty big swing in performance depending on when it actually comes in the ad.

I feel like someone's baiting me with this question. What are my thoughts on dropshipping bros? Honestly, nine times out of 10, if you are looking at people who are dropshipping on YouTube, they're trying to sell you something that has absolutely nothing to do with giving you the right information to scale.

It's mostly about scaling their own personal business and their brand. That's just the reality of it. So do I think there's still opportunities in dropshipping?

Yeah, for sure. But I think being able to like find really good information without someone trying to sell you a course or sell you community is going to be really hard to find. So just keep that in mind when you're looking into these sort of opportunities.

The next question is, bare minimum style, I shall expect being a newbie and a foreigner. Now I have a video that goes through all of the rates and rate ranges that you can expect as a media buyer. I'll be sure to link that below.

But to be honest, it's really hard to say. It depends on the brand or the agency. I'd say if you're a foreigner and you're going for an entry media buying position, number one, I don't think that you're going to be able to find that super easily.

Because there's no reason why a business in the US would want to hire someone overseas when there's tons and tons of people in the US that be doing that type of work unless you are going to be a lot cheaper, candidly. So I think that maybe you could expect to be paid 30 to 40 grand per year. If you're a foreigner just starting off, I've worked for many agencies and I have not seen many of them hiring overseeing newbies.

They're really looking for like overseas intermediate or like advanced experts, which is again, why I would highly suggest working with a mentor or taking a course to make sure that you're getting the right experience so that you can level up a lot more quickly. What is the best attribution model for ad platforms? I've heard a lot about multi-touch attribution.

Would you mind explaining that and what tools you use? So multi-touch attribution, I've been getting a ton of questions about this recently and I don't know why. I assume someone out on Twitter or YouTube is talking about it and all that multi-touch attribution means is that you are looking at attribution not from last touch, which shows the last platform that someone used to eventually convert from your product, but they look at all the different pathways.

So they see, oh, you discovered on TikTok, but then you got retargeted on Facebook and Instagram, and then you did a Google search and landed on a certain landing page. And then a week later you converted on a Instagram stories ad. So multi-touch attribution really shows those multiple pathways that you take to actually converting.

And what I like about multi-touch attribution is candidly, it tells a lot more of the holistic story about how people convert because hate to burst your bubble. It almost never happens where someone sees your ad on Facebook for the first time are so enamored by your amazing creative that they immediately convert on the spot, even if it is cold prospecting traffic. That I think is really interesting, but I also think that multi-touch attribution can be really messy and it's not as directional, right?

If you see that all these platforms have a role in eventually getting people to convert, then how are you going to know to increase Facebook or increase TikTok or increase Google? So I would perhaps not look at multi-touch attribution for Facebook ad platforms. At Thesis, we use Northbeam and Triple Whale.

It really depends on the client and what they're using and what their attribution is. And while attribution is important, it's also like a bit of a wild goose chase and you're never really going to know. So my general recommendation is this.

You need to look at your in-platform numbers, cross-analyze those numbers with a North Whale or a Triple Beam. Yes, I'm going to go with that. North Whale or a Triple Beam.

You're going to need to cross-analyze with a North Beam or a Triple Whale. And then I would triangulate that data also with post-purchase surveys and see really what the more holistic story is. I don't really complicate it too much and I don't think you should either.

What is my top three advice for media buyers with smaller budgets? That could be its own video. So I'm only going to give you one.

If you are a media buyer with a small budget, you should only have one campaign with one ad set. Hint, hint, the targeting should be broad. And you should only be really testing three tops creatives at a time.

If you are spreading your budget too thin and trying too many different audiences and too many different creatives, you're never going to get traction because you're never actually going to allow the algorithm to find the people that are going to convert to you. So if you have a really small budget, keep it really simple. What's my go-to place to connect with other media buyers?

Twitter, but also I've been doing a lot of in-person meetups. I've been meeting up with people in New York. I have gone to a few geek out events, which I also highly recommend.

Honestly, this industry can be kind of lonely and it's all very much online and through a computer. So if you can try and like meet people in real life, that's been a major hack for me lately. And the last one I'm going to answer is how to make video creatives as a solo freelance media buyer.

The client is not able to. If you're a freelance media buyer, you should not be making video creatives for your client. That is a very different skill set.

And I don't think that that should also be on your plate. But if for some reason it is on your plate, I would encourage you to create any of the 10 creatives coming from this video right up here. Learn CapCut.

Don't try to get too fancy with it. And I would also like use Canva or Figma for the images. But again, like simplify as much as you can use CapCut, use Canva and like just concentrate on those 10 specific creatives that are easy for you to create.

Also, if you're working on a brand as the media buyer and the video editor, I would force the brand to then source the creators or also increase your retainer so that you're sourcing those creators and also like have them make some founders ads, UGC or whatnot. I don't know. I think it's kind of ridiculous you're doing that.

So maybe don't do that. Yeah. Okay.

And that's it. Let me know what you think of this Q&A segment. I had fun doing it, but I'm not sure if you guys like this.

So let me know in the comments below. If you have another question, be sure to hit me up in the comments because I'm pretty active there. I'll see you guys next time.

Bye.