What's up marketers? You saw the title of this video. I guarantee that if you watch and understand this entire video, then you're going to become a better marketer as a result of it.

So if you're a business owner, a media buyer, or a creative strategist, then this video is for you. So when I generally break down the top performing ads on Facebook or TikTok ads, they are generally using one of these four strategies. And I'm willing to bet that half the time these brands don't even know that they're doing it.

So if you can learn these strategies and learn how to implement them for your own brand, you're going to be ahead of more than 90% of other marketers. And be sure to stay for the last strategy because that's the one that I always use for brands who feel like they don't feel like they're solving a big problem. Let's go ahead and dive in.

The first strategy is called handling objections. And I think the easiest way to explain what this is, is to show you an example. So I love this overnight oats example, and there are a few things that I know that are working here.

Number one, we all know that the TikTok response bubble is a really great way to hook users and also answer a common problem. Now what's really smart about this is they are handling an objection here that people often have or a reason why consumers do not want to buy their brand. And what is that objection?

It's that they think that the cost of the product is too much. And essentially, users are always looking for reasons to not buy your product. So a strategy that we can use to overcome those objections is to frankly address it head on.

And this ad did exactly that. So what I would do is I would think about what objections people have for your brand or product. And a really great way to look at what those objections are, are to look at the comment section on your ads.

Heck, you can even do this for your competitors and see what their common objections are and make content around that. That's a really smart strategy. This is one of my favorite ones to experiment with right now in 2023.

Number two is the bread and butter of direct response marketing, which is to agitate a problem. And essentially what you're going to be doing here is you're going to start with a common problem that people have that your brand or service solves, and you're going to agitate that problem. And really what you're doing here is you're kind of sticking the knife in the wound and twisting it.

Like you're emphasizing what makes this problem so unbearable and so annoying and so ruthless so that people will be more interested in the solution, aka your brand product or service. When I first start working with brands and their creative strategy, the problems they solve is the number one first place that I go. And if you feel like your product or service doesn't really solve a problem, well, number one, that's a pretty big red flag.

But I'm willing to bet, especially if you have customers and sales, you are probably solving problems that you are not even really aware of. And a really great way to understand what those problems are, are to, again, look through customer testimonials, look through reviews. And I would look at the trigger point or the thing that got them to buy.

So a lot of times people will be saying something like, oh, I was looking for the perfect t-shirt or I was really frustrated by XYZ. That is the trigger point that got them to buy. That was the thing that they were struggling with.

Now, what's often really cool about doing this consumer research is you're often going to find new problems or things that you didn't even really realize you were solving. Number three is to tell a story. And really all that a story does is it creates an emotional connection.

And the reality is, is that most purchasing is emotional and you need to use your ad to win them over with logic. But potentially your ad creative is doing way more logical selling than it is emotional selling. And essentially you need to make people care about your why, about you, about your product.

I do a lot of in-depth analysis on creatives that are converting on paid social and a lot of them actually start with I statements or they start with a story that maybe doesn't feel like it is directly involved with the brand or product, but then reveals something about the creator or about the person or maybe about the founder that then rolls into how this product or brand is the solution to that. An easy way to act on this type of creative strategy is to tell a story first, explain why it's important, explain why people care, and then go for the hard sell. Number four is really classic consumer psychology.

And it's to figure out what your customer really desires. Now take a step back from the problem that you're solving and think really about what they desire on a core human level. I actually recently found a blog post by Emily Worden that I feel like really broke down human desires into a way that was super easy to understand.

And also went a little bit more in depth in a way that was able to clarify a lot of the core human desires for me. So let's take a look at that. So first she has the eight primal desires in everyone.

So things like live a long and happy life, pleasure, relationship, success. But then she also talks about learned desires like efficiency, convenience, profit, bargains. And what I would do is if you are just thinking about this for the first time, what your users really desire, I would start off with the primal desires.

Now I feel like Truer Classics does this really, really well. And like, they're just a t-shirt brand. But they very often talk about making women desire men more, or my wife was in love with my body in this t-shirt.

And what they're doing is they're really tapping in to the primal desire of relationships and being wanted and feeling sexy. And this Ilya ad is actually taking it to the next step in the learned desires portion for convenience. They're talking about how to do your makeup in a certain amount of time, how to be more convenient.

A lot of the ad creative that I'm looking at these days, especially in D2C, is playing on a lot of these human desires. So I would highly recommend reading that article, taking a look at it, and think about how you can tap into more of the primal desires and more of the learned desires of your customers. And that's it!

Do you feel smarter? Let me know in the comments below. And I'll see you next week.

Bye!