What's up marketers? In today's video I'm going to show you the five questions you need to ask yourself before you launch a new ad creative on Facebook ads or TikTok ads. Whenever I'm viewing ad creative at Fasis, these are commonly the questions that I pose to the team when I'm reviewing the ad creative before it gets to the client and before we launch it in the ad accounts.

I can guarantee you that all five of these questions are going to help you make better creative. And number four is the one that I see really big brands messing up on the most. So let's go ahead and dive in.

The first question you need to ask yourself when reviewing any piece of ad creative, and this is going to be specifically for video content, is can you tell what the product is at second one, at second three, or at second five? When is the product or service being introduced in the ad creative? I've often found that the later it takes to understand what is actually being sold, the worse the performance is.

But this is not always the case. So this is why I think it's a really important variable for you to look out for before you even put it in the ad account. Now, recently I've seen things like how-to content and tutorial-based UGC where the product or service isn't introduced till second 20 or even later, and the performance is still good.

But this is something that I see as a major variable in terms of if something is going to perform or not. There are many of our brands and clients at Thesis where we have to introduce the product or service before second three or else nothing performs. This is actually something I would do a retroactive analysis for, for your brands or at least your top performing creatives to see, okay, when is the product or service actually being introduced?

Because that might tell you when you need to make sure that that product is being introduced properly in your video content. This is also something that when you're doing an audit on another brand's ad account or when you're going through Foreplay or through the ad library, make note of when you can actually see the product or service or when that's being fully understood. Because again, this tends to affect performance quite a bit.

Number two, can your product or service be possibly mistaken for something else when it is introduced? Now, I think that this is something, especially if you work internally at a brand or in-house, this is something that is really hard to guard against. And this is why when I'm working with video editors, that's why they often pull me in because I have completely fresh eyes for their videos.

Oftentimes when you are creating something and you're editing something, you're kind of lost in the sauce. And I often find that, you know, maybe they used a certain phrase or they used a certain image that could be easily mistaken for someone else. So you really do need to get a fresh perspective on what you're actually presenting.

And sometimes this can actually work to your benefit. I've worked for a few brands before where they had something in the hook that might've looked phallic or looked weird or whatever. And it actually improved performance because lots of people are like, wait, what the heck is that?

So this is just something that I would be hyper aware of, especially if you're in-house. Could your product or your service be mistaken for something else? And a good way to tell if this is already happening is to look in the ad comments, because oftentimes if you're confusing people, people will ask questions, but sometimes they won't because the number one way to get people to scroll is to confuse them and not interest them enough.

Number three is my most favorite question. And it's the one that frankly annoys me the most because I see tons and tons of brands breaking this rule or like doing the opposite of what's right. And the question is this, does this creative seem native to the platform?

Now, every time I say this, I think people understand what TikTok native creative is. I also think that they understand what Instagram or Instagram story native creative is. But I've had a few people ask me recently, what's Facebook native creative?

It's not, it's mostly just Instagram, right? But your creative does need to be made for the specific platform that you were advertising on. Right?

So again, I think this is really easily talked about. Like you can't take something that's for Instagram stories or for Instagram and then put it on TikTok. That's generally not going to perform as well.

But the TikTok to Instagram and Facebook pipeline is actually very good. But more what I mean about this is when I see brands making UGC and they end up using brand owned fonts or brand owned colors, this is like the number one way to take performance on your UGC. No one is going to look at your ad and say, oh, they use brand owned font or brand owned colors.

I have that affinity more. No, you are actually going to alienate people because you are going to signal to people that it is marketing and it is an ad and that it's bullshit. So anytime I see brands doing this, I'm like, what are you doing?

What logical reason do you have for this? And it's because they want brand, interwoven, infinity. And it's like, this actually doesn't exist.

I'm probably one of the marketers that is way more in tune with brand driven creative and why certain branding is important. But this was just one of those things that I've actually tested to death and using brand owned fonts in UGC is a surefire way to kill your performance. Just don't do it.

Use native fonts, please. Number four is another question that I see particularly when working with really big brands or in-house teams, which is to what extent are you using brand owned terms? And are these brand owned terms absolutely clear to your viewers?

I often see this happen when brands are using the name of the product in their advertisement and they think that their product name is actually communicating what the product actually is, but there's some room for ambiguity. So I would take a step back and really take a look at where you're using brand owned terms or product names, or any type of other branding terms and ask yourself, is this actually clear to the end user? Again, you can mine your comments and see if people are already confused, but you can also show to outside sources who are involved in the brand because I bet there are going to be a few things that stand out that aren't exactly clear.

And again, if you're confusing them, you're losing them. Number five is more or less an action that you need to take when reviewing every single ad creative. You need to take a step back from your creative.

You need to hold it on a mobile device because that's likely where it's going to be showing up and you need to look at it as a user would look at it and ask yourself visually what stands out the most, what messaging points stick out, and is any of it at all hard to retain or read? Oftentimes I find brands are trying to shove a lot of messaging into their ads, and oftentimes it is really hard to retain any of that as a user. Ultimately, the question that you have to ask yourself through this exercise is, is your creative making the end user work?

Because content in 2023 is now meant to delight, it's meant to educate, it's meant to entertain, and people have a lot of expectations for content across all platforms now. And if you are making that end user work unnecessarily, if you're confusing them, if you're telling a long convoluted story, then you're going to lose them and ultimately you're not going to convert. One of the most common edits that I have when I'm working with my video editors, when I'm working with brand teams, is, hey, we need to cut this down, we need to cut this out.

This actually is not important. This is not going to actually be a factor that's going to increase conversion. How do we know?

Because of all the strategy research that we did, and some of these points aren't even coming up in customer testimonials or press hits or the reputation research that we did. This is again, a lot of why creative strategy research is so important, because when you're asking yourselves these questions, ultimately the overarching question is, when you're looking at certain variables and certain messaging points inside of your app creative, is this important enough to keep? Because if it's not, it's got to go.

And that's it. If you have any other questions for me, be sure to leave them in the comments below. But I'm also curious if you guys have any other questions that you ask yourself before you launch an ad creative.

Now, we actually have an entire big checklist that we use before we send off creative to a client. In theory, it doesn't always get done, which goes over things like spelling errors, which goes over things like certain editing tactics or whatever. But these questions are meant to be more about the strategy and how to get ad creative that converts, that doesn't just look good and would pass, you know, the first litmus test.

And I often find that these questions aren't being talked about. So I wanted to share them with you and I will see you next time. Bye.