What's up marketers? Today we're going to be talking about TikTok ads and how to decide if it's right for your brand because spoiler alert, it's definitely not right for every single business in 2022. So we're going to go over the five things that you need to know before you start advertising on TikTok.

And trust me, these things could help you save a lot of wasted time, effort, and of course money. But if you decide that you do want to get on TikTok ads and you want to actually become an expert in the platform, be sure to check out my friend Savannah Sanchez's ultimate guide to TikTok ads course. I am currently still going to this thing.

And every time I take a lesson, I'm screenshotting things and sending it to my team because it is serious gold. I'm particularly loving these sections all about creative, which is the biggest lever on the platform. I know I say this about Facebook ads too, but on TikTok ads, it's even a bigger deal.

So she actually has an exclusive deal just for my community. Be sure to check that out in the link in the description box below. But for now, let's go ahead and dive into these five things that you need to know before start advertising on TikTok.

Seriously, I wish I would have known these things before I got some clients on the platform. And I've been advertising on TikTok since like early last year because this would have saved me a world of pain. So, okay, let's dive in.

Number one thing that I wish I realized about TikTok before and something that you definitely need to know is that you actually have to season the pixel. And, you know, if you've ever seen any of my videos that are about like Facebook ads build outs and how I like structure my campaigns at Thesis, you'll notice that all of my ad accounts are conversion optimized going straight to purchase. And that's for brand new pixels or for brands that, you know, have been advertising for a while.

It's literally always the same. And on Facebook, it doesn't matter. But on TikTok, you actually do really have to season that pixel.

And this is one of the things that I really loved about Savannah's course because she has a super formulaic approach to seasoning the pixel that, frankly, when I looked at that, I was like, yeah, you know what? That actually makes sense. So one of the ways that Savannah's approach differs a little bit from what we've been doing at Thesis is, you know, yes, when we would launch new clients on the platform, aka new pixel, we would start off with a conversion objective and optimize for add to cart.

That's pretty standard. That's exactly where Savannah starts off as well for most of her clients. But she actually goes through a few more steps in order to get people graduated to optimizing for that purchase conversion.

So if you want to learn more about that and you want to have a better structure to getting your clients to eventually optimizing for purchases, this is your cue to, again, go check out her course. But I'd say really like the big reason why I wish I would have known this before is because when you first start out on the platform, you're not going to have optimized results. And this is really important.

This is especially important when you're working with clients and you're trying to manage expectations. So if you have a brand new TikTok pixel and you are a new brand advertising on the platform, frankly, it's going to take anywhere from a few weeks to a few months to actually have optimized results. It is worth it.

Do not get me wrong. But if you do not have the cash and the budget for a little bit of a runway to start learning about what types of creatives and what types of audiences are actually making the move on TikTok, then it's not your time. This is a still a new platform and they don't have nearly as much data as Facebook.

So if you're still plugging away at Facebook and you see TikTok as this silver bullet platform, it's definitely not going to be that. And it's going to take some work as well. And number two, like I hinted at earlier, creative is the most important thing on TikTok.

And yes, I know I've said this line several times to this channel. Creative is the most important level. I know you've also heard other people saying creative is the most important level.

Well, like on TikTok, it's like the really, truly only thing that's important, but there's also some other things to be aware of when it comes to TikTok creative or TikTok ads creative. And the first one is, is you have to make TikToks to be on TikTok ads. Like they will not even deliver your ads if you don't have the right kind of content.

And, you know, every time I explain this to a client, they're always like, well, I've been on TikTok and I've seen some like really nice branded blah, blah, blah. And it's like, yes. And if you look at like top ads on TikTok, which link below, yes, you can actually see the top ads on TikTok and section out by conversion section out by reach and bright brand awareness.

Those are all brand awareness and reach campaigns. So if you actually want to make money on the platform, which I know all of my people here do, then you need to make actual TikToks. So if you have like specific types of creative, that's working on Instagram and Facebook, it's probably not going to work on TikTok.

In fact, I don't think I've ever seen anything that was optimized for Instagram or Facebook work on the platform like ever. So that means that you're either going to have to create that content yourself, or you're going to have to start working with other creators. And a lot of new businesses don't actually have the resources to work with creators, but there's really no way around it when you are starting to advertise on TikTok.

And that's because the creatives fatigue at a much faster rate. I've found that if I can get a really good creative on Facebook ads, I can have that creative last anywhere from like three weeks to even two or three months before I start seeing fatigue. But on TikTok, that's lasting like one to two weeks, even when a creative does really well.

So not only are you gonna have to partner with creators to develop creative or create that creative yourself, you're also just going to have to have more of it, aka you're going to have to really invest in that. And not all businesses are ready to make that investment in their content. And if you're not ready for that, then you're definitely not ready for TikTok.

However, if you wanted to give a shot at creating that content yourself, I do have a video that's about the top 10 TikTok ads creative strategies that we're seeing right now. And hint, hint, it's really worthwhile to invest in this kind of stuff or try creating this stuff yourself because this is also what I'm seeing work on Facebook ads. Number three, which attribution is really tough.

And frankly, you're going to need to have an alternative attribution method, aka you're gonna have to invest in some other type of solution because in platform numbers are still not to be trusted post iOS 14. So if you want to rely just on what is in TikTok ads, you're going to be wildly disappointed. For a while, actually TikTok's attribution was only same browser attribution, which means that someone had to be on TikTok and swipe up or click on the CTA in your ad and check out right then and there for it to even get attribution on the platform, which like if you've been in advertising for a while, you know that that's not how user journeys actually go out in the real world.

And frankly, you also need to go beyond Google Analytics if you want to advertise on TikTok ads. Google's whole game is that they're going to prefer everything to Google and it's going to be last touch attribution. So what about those people that actually initially discover your brand on TikTok and then, you know, check out through a Google search ad because, you know, that's just like a really common, like messed up thing that often happens, but that gets all attributed to Google.

UTMs frankly, just isn't cutting it anymore. So I would really recommend in investing in a first party data solution, something like a North Beam or a Triple Whale. And ultimately what you're going to want to do with your attribution is you're going to want to triangulate that data with what you see in platform on TikTok ads, what you see on your first party data solution.

So your North Beam or your Triple Whale, and then also cross analyze that with a post-purchase survey. If you are not prepared to invest in your attribution methodology in that, which like should just be the bare minimum advertising in 2022, then you're not ready for TikTok. You're probably not ready to advertise on paid social at all in 2022, to be frank.

Fourth thing, and it kind of pains me to say this, TikTok's targeting is not nearly as advanced as Facebook's. Let's face it. Facebook has been around for years and years and years, and they've collected all this really juicy data on all of us.

And TikTok has really only been around since like right before the pandemic. So TikTok's targeting abilities just aren't anywhere near the caliber of Facebook's. Yes, on TikTok, you have the ability to do interest targeting and to do lookalike targeting.

And soon, you're going to be able to do search ads, which is very exciting. But at this point in time, using targeting as a big lever on TikTok is not something that you're going to have. So again, it goes back to this idea about investing in your creative.

And if you don't have super solid creative or super solid creative abilities to produce content on your side, you're not going to be able to rely on the targeting algorithm the way that some of you can get away with it on Facebook ads. I do think that this is something that's just going to change over time. But for now in 2022, still a relatively new platform, but you don't have that same targeting ability that you have on Facebook.

Some media buyers would probably argue that you don't need it. And once you really start spending a lot more on TikTok, the algorithm is really attuned to what type of content to deliver to people. And if you have good content, then you're going to be really ahead of the curve and starting to get more traction there.

But every once in a while, I look at some of the ads that get delivered to me on the platform and I'm like, hmm, it's not quite there yet. And number five, this is really important. Again, if you're looking at TikTok as the way to scale.

And in some aspects, yes, like I don't recommend putting all of your eggs in a singular meta Facebook basket. However, TikTok is not super easy to scale at the moment. It really goes back to all four of these ideas that number one, you have to season the pixel.

Number two, creative is a little bit more of a puzzle and you have to have a lot of it. Number three, attribution is tough. And for the targeting is kind of, you know, not all, it's a harder platform to scale.

We are starting to scale some of our clients up pretty good on TikTok, spending anywhere from around like 30k to 50k per month for some of our clients. But when looking at how much we're spending on Facebook, which is a million plus for several of our clients, we're really just not quite there in terms of scale. I do really think that this is going to change over the next few months and especially over the next few years.

TikTok is a platform that's certainly here to stay. And there are so many positive things about it and many reasons why I urge my clients to get on it. But it's in addition to not in replacement of Facebook, as much as it pains me to say it.

I do think that that will change over time. But for now, it's definitely not the most scalable way to grow your brand without also investing into Facebook and investing into Google or Snapchat. So while I do recommend most brands giving it a serious thought to get on TikTok ads, if you don't have these things like really squared away, and you don't really have preparations for these five things, I would really think long and hard about why you want to get on the platform.

Is it because it's the sexy new thing or because your friend's brand did really well on it or had a viral video or whatever shit? It's just really hard to manufacture that and recreate that. Use this video as a checklist to get these things in line.

And not only are you going to be ready to advertise on TikTok ads, your entire advertising portfolio is probably going to benefit from it. And that's it. So thank you so much, guys, for sitting and watching this video.

I actually had tons of fun. It really felt like a conversation. It's been a second since I've been in front of the camera because the last video that I did that was about my budget structure at 500k and beyond, that was filmed several weeks ago.

So I am really excited to be doing these videos weekly, perhaps more with you guys again. So let me know in the comments if you got all the way to the end and let me know which video you want me to do next. Because if you're watching all the way to the end, then I'll probably do it.

Okay, thanks. Bye.