What's up, recorders? Today we're going to be going over the top seven mistakes I see with UGC content. So if you're a brand or an agency or a UGC creator, don't do these.

Number one, we're going to start off strong with something that annoys me to no end, but it's really slow pacing. So if you have too much dead space or you pause in between your sentences or you take a deep breath, throw that into Premiere Pro, look for when your sound lines are dead and literally just chop it up and take it out. I do this with my YouTube videos.

I do this with all of my UGC content and it really does make things just go up, up, up, up, way faster. But when I see slow paced content, it's like I'm in the middle of Times Square behind a tourist and I'm like, go, go, get to the point. Or I just scroll up and I move on with my life.

Like what most people are going to be doing if they are watching your slow ass paced UGC video. Don't do it. Number two is not changing up the frame enough.

This is probably one of the most common edits I give to my editors at Thesis where I work, which is to change the frame. If you have a testimonial or someone's talking to the camera straight on, add in some B-roll. You should really be changing that frame at a minimum every two seconds or else people are just going to get bored.

They don't want to just look at your face the entire time. Number three is a cardinal sin, which is a lazy hook. This is so important.

You should probably be spending a majority of your time just thinking about what your hook is going to be. And to be honest, if you sit down and you're like, what type of UGC video do I need to make a brief for? Do I need to create for a client?

Should I be making for my brand for ads? If you think of a good hook, that's probably going to tailspin into the rest of your video. If you need some ideas for hooks, I have a video all about it.

Also, I found a resource recently in a Slack group that gave away like 500 of the best hooks to use on TikTok organically. And I started using them and to my surprise, some of them are actually working way better than the other crappy content I was posting on my TikTok. So if you need some ideas, there's no shortage of ideas out on foreplay, out on TikTok, whatever.

But this really is the most important part of your video and you need to think about your hook in terms of messaging. Like what is actually on the screen, like your text overlay, as well as the visuals. Both of those play a really big part in how that hook is actually going to perform.

I don't want to spend all my time talking about this because if you watch this channel a lot, you already know how important it is. And if you don't watch this channel a lot, this is an excellent time to subscribe because it's free and it really does help the algorithm give me some good juju. So, you know, do something nice for someone today and make that be me.

Number four is kind of like number two in the sense that, yes, you should be changing up the frame a lot. But I want to dive deeper for this one to say that, you know, you should also not keep the frame in one place. You should zoom in.

You should zoom out. This makes things like testimonials and reviews way more engaging for people to watch. And you can also add in some other fancy bits and bobs types of editing, zoom in, whatever.

All of that is going to help exponentially with getting people to actually pay attention to what you're saying. It makes me physically ill and nauseated when I watch a UGC video that is in one place and doesn't, you know, jump in and out to emphasize certain points and doesn't like entertain with the visuals, man. Like, stop.

Number five is basic AF, but I'm just going to say it because a lot of people ask me this question is, yes, you should be using text overlay and captions in all of your UGC videos. It's 2023, right? So we don't watch videos on these ad platforms without this type of stuff because number one, it's way more engaging for the user.

Number two, it's not really cool for the hard and hearing and stuff. And number three, a lot of people are watching with the sound off. So all of those things together at a bare minimum, you need to have one or the other.

And I'd say as a baseline, when I make my own UGC content, I tend to just use both. Every once in a while, I'll see a brand that watches an ad without text and captions and they'll tell me it does really well. I know it does really well for their brand.

And to be honest, like, have you split tested it? Like, really have you? Like, I bet it's going to perform at least a little bit better, if not a lot better.

So, like, this is just kind of a no-brainer to me. Number six, while we are talking about text and captions, is when I see brands not using native text for Facebook ads, reels, and especially TikTok ads. I just don't know why brands want to use their brand-owned text for these platforms.

Like, no one is going to look at an ad and be like, oh man, Comic Sans, this is definitely the avatar brand. That sort of weaving isn't reality. So, you know, if you are going to be making UGC content for a specific platform, be sure to use specific native text for that platform.

It really does make things a better cohesive and platform experience for your viewers, which should really be all of our top priorities, because that's what makes sales and it also makes people happy. But if you want to be a 2016 marketer using your branded text for this kind of stuff, then do it. But I think it's dumb.

Number seven is a flat storyline, or no storyline at all, or a boring storyline, or a storyline that's not even engaging and that people don't really care about. There are frameworks for good storylines that are available to UGC creators, that are available to brands and agencies making this type of UGC content. In fact, I just created a video that's all about the five types of UGC ads or storylines that I see performing really well right now on paid social.

So that would be a great place to start. I have posted everywhere my formula for creating scripts for UGC content that converts again and again, but there are multiple other ways to tell storylines. But sometimes I see these wild ads where someone says, hi first, and my name is, oh, and it's, I don't know where they're going, but it's somewhere off this planet.

And it's not a place that I want to go. Be sure that, you know, when you're, if you're a creator, you have a plan for the type of content you're trying to make. And be sure if you are a brand or an agency that is hiring these creators, that you are giving them guardrails and you are giving them storyline ideas and specific things that you want them to create.

Because the absolute worst thing that I see is when, you know, you tell a creator, hey, yeah, just like do whatever you want. And that tends to not produce good content, especially for ads. Your storyline for your UGC content is ultimately going to be the thing that can save you, even if all of the things in this video are not done to my liking.

So this is probably the thing that you're going to have to think a lot about. So you're going to have to get on the platform, see what types of stories people are telling, see, you know, what sort of formulas they're using. And hell, boil them down to a recipe and then try it for yourself, you know, see what's really working here.

But a flat storyline will kill you way faster than, you know, not changing up your pacing, not doing more jump cuts, whatever, all the things. And that's all that I have today. Thank you so much for watching this video.

If you have any other cardinal sins of UGC content or something else that you see all the time and it annoys you so much, be sure to put it in the comments below. I bet someone's going to say when creators say, I'm literally obsessed. To be honest, I just sort of feel like it's one of those throwaway phrases that literally only marketers zone in on and care about and like no one else even notices.

That's my POV. Tell me what yours is in the comments section. And I will see you next week.

See you. Bye.