These are the truths that no one else is talking about in the advertising industry in 2023. And by advertising industry, I mean paid social, like Facebook ads, SMMA, and even creative strategy. So I'm not gonna lie, I've been kind of going through a tough time recently.

This is actually the first video that I'm filming in 2023, and I feel like I should be full of optimism and that I should be really pumped for the new year and setting all these goals. But to be honest, I kind of have a little bit of dread. Some of that's personal, some of it's not.

But I just kind of wanted to put it out there in case anyone else is also feeling the same thing and they work in this industry. You're not alone. So I'm gonna do this listicle style.

I have five what I would say are like uncomfortable or unbearable truths about the advertising industry this year. And I'm just gonna go through them one by one. This is probably a good video to listen to in the background while you're doing something else kind of like podcast style.

And the first one is probably the most depressing one of them all, which is it's not a great time to be an agency worker right now. People are getting laid off from agencies. I see a new tweet almost every single day about people getting laid off not only on the agency side, but also for big tech companies as well.

People and businesses are freaked about the economy, which is making them really look at their workforce and determine what's necessary and what isn't necessary. And that's really tough, especially for newbies or people who are just getting into this industry or starting off or are trying to do a career pivot. Because right now I feel like a lot of places are really reducing themselves down to their A players only.

Something that's kind of cool though about this channel is I have brand owners, I have tons of founders, and senior media buyer type people who watch this channel. So if you are someone who's been affected by these layoffs, or you are currently looking for a job in this industry, leave a comment below so that we can, you know, I can start helping direct some of you to opportunities that I know that are available. There's not a ton, but one of my favorite quotes is by Nick Shackelford, which is closed mouths don't get fed.

And I'd love to be able to help some of you guys, you know, find a great place for your talents. Number two is more of a commentary on a common question I've been getting a lot recently, which is, should I still become a media buyer? Is the role of the creative strategist going to become like the media buyer and die out?

And my advice is that you need to commit to the platform. And what I mean by that is if you are passionate about advertising, and you want to advertise on paid social, then commit to being an advertiser on paid social, don't just commit to being a media buyer, creative strategist, really allow yourself to be fluid and change with the times. Because if you are rigid, and you don't change with the times, that's candidly, how you're going to have your role be made redundant.

Fun fact, when I started off in this industry, I started creating content for organic social media platforms. Then I became a media buyer. And then I became a creative for paid social advertising.

Technically, I've had many different jobs. I was essentially a glorified social media manager, then I became a media buyer. And then now I'm like a creative director for paid social ads.

That's all very, very different. But I allowed myself to be fluid as it came to my career. And really, the main thing that I did was I committed to the platform, I knew I wanted to be an advertiser for paid social, I didn't want to be an advertiser for TV, I didn't want to be an advertiser for direct mail, I didn't want to be an advertiser for print.

Those opportunities are still open to me, of course, but I really knew that I wanted to commit to these platforms because I really felt like they were the future. I know that many of you are looking to me or to other experts in the industry for career advice. But really, the big flag that I have the wave here is if you don't love the platforms and see them as tools that should be respected and celebrated, you're probably not going to last in this industry.

Number three is sort of a funny one, but everyone in this industry has an agenda. Your favorite Twitter guru has an agenda. The whole DM so that I can send you my notion board, funnel pipeline so that I can adopt you into my lead gen advertising agency, like we've all seen that before, right?

There's also the YouTube guru who creates content so that you can then, you know, join his SSMA course or join his advertising agency or whatever. Even I have an agenda, right? Like I work at thesis, sure.

And sometimes I have clients that come to me from this channel and go to work for a thesis. And sometimes I have brands and software companies reach out for me to do sponsorships. And my point about all that is to be more aware of what you believe your favorite gurus agendas are because no one is doing this just to share information freely.

For a while, my agenda was to advance in my career path. And I believed that by giving everything away for free, it would put me in the best position to negotiate different salaries or different job positions. And I was able to do that for sure.

But it's interesting now I'm looking at myself as more of a business creator. And I'm now trying to see, okay, how can I do more partnerships with brands? How can I do more sponsorships?

How can I get more opportunities to do creative for other brands? And I've realized that it's definitely affected the way that I've approached my content. All of that is to say that when you're digesting the content of other people, try to understand their motives.

Because I get a lot of people asking me wild questions about things that other gurus have said. And when I dial back and I dial into it, I realize like, oh, like, yeah, it actually benefits the creator or the person who said that by keeping you confused in this manner or by upselling you to want to like work with their agency or whatever. So just like be mindful of that.

Number four is more about creative strategy. And it's that you cannot iterate yourself to success. Now, Sarah Levenger came out with an amazing tweet the other day that honestly, I was super confused by.

She said something along the lines of a lot of you don't understand the difference between iterations and variations. And to be honest, when I first saw that, I was like, what does that mean? And essentially, what it means is an iteration is something that you have iterated on based on past learning.

So oh, you see this type of hook works, let's be sure to include that same type of hook in the next round of UGC briefs for creators. Whereas a variation is something that you tend to add as a variant of, you know, said hook like, oh, okay, so we're going to be creating this ad with this creator, we want to have two hooks. So we have one variant of one hook in the second variant of another hook.

That's at least to my best of my ability, the understanding that I had of that. But what I mean by you can't iterate yourself to success with creative strategy is I've done a number of consulting calls with brands recently and talked to their creative strategists. And they're like, oh, well, we know this works.

So we keep on building off of that. We're not going to do something unless there's a data driven reason for it. And when I actually look at their ad accounts, I'm like, wow, all of your ads look exactly the same.

Fun fact, Facebook has now said that the new hook rate is one second. So if you keep on showing up on your people's social media feeds looking the same every single time, your results are going to dwindle and you're not going to be as successful. You have to take much, much bigger creative swings these days to be successful, which oftentimes means stepping outside of your comfort zone to discover what works.

I do believe in being a data driven marketer and learning about what type of messaging and trigger points really attract your core customer. But I also believe in taking big calculated swings that maybe don't necessarily track as a direct iteration. Essentially, what I'm trying to say is if you can take a step back and look at your ad library and everything kind of looks the same, you're in trouble.

Number five, I'm going to end this on a good note because I feel like this has been a bit of a bitch session and not a positive one. But every place in the world needs great advertisers and great creators. There is an abundant amount of opportunity for people who put themselves out there and act on their desires.

You can't think yourself to success in this industry at all. Yes, it's important to be thoughtful, but it's a lot more important to take action. And for me, something that I'm telling myself is like, hey, it's okay to go through it and to be slightly less present.

I'm not showing up as much on Twitter, which just tends to be like a huge time suck for me. I'm not writing out these long threads anymore or like doing tons of like work in my DMs because I just don't have time and it's kind of like sucking the life out of me to be honest. But I'm still like keeping my head down and doing the work not only for my clients but also for this channel.

I've had a lot of you reach out to me because of the new year asking about, oh, this is the year I want to start my channel. What advice do you have? Blah, blah, blah, blah.

The only advice that I have is to start. And frankly, I know most of you won't do it because it's the hardest part to start and be consistent. There are times that I don't want to show up and I don't feel good and I don't want to film these videos every single week.

And there's been many times where I've been very burnt out, but I still did it and I still found a way. And candidly, that's kind of what I'm doing right now is I'm showing up for you guys even though honestly, like I wanted to take a nap. And that's the advertising industry for you.

I'm going to come back in like one to two weeks with another video and I'm going to be hyped and because I know that this is going to pass and like, I love this industry. I love you guys and I am passionate about the good that this community can do. But y'all, sometimes I'm just tired because it is a lot.

And if you're feeling like it's a lot, you're not alone. Okay. That's it.

Cheers. I'm drinking coffee at 6 PM. I'll see you guys next week.