What's up marketers? I asked you to send in some of your real live ad creative from your brands. So today I am going to analyze them and roast them.

Now I am a media buyer turned creative strategist that has worked with some of the top D2C brands to make ad creative that converts on the Facebook ads platform. So you're going to learn how I analyze creative, which is really valuable for those of you who are using Facebook ads to grow your business. So be sure to like and subscribe so I can continue to make these videos for you every single week.

Also be sure to stay to the end where I review an ad from Nike and explain why you shouldn't be looking at big brands for your creative inspiration or else you're probably not going to make it very far on meta. Now this is the way that I analyze individual ad creatives. It's really a four-prong process.

Number one is format. Is this actually the right format to be delivering this specific message? Next up we have audience.

Now do we think that we're actually targeting the right audience with this creative or is there a better way that we should be messaging to this audience? Now in 2024 meta slash Facebook ads generally does the targeting via the ad creative. So it's really important that the ad creative is appealing to your target audience.

Next up we have awareness level. Now one of my favorite tricks is you know by slightly tweaking the language or actually by using certain formats we can actually be targeting people at different parts of the customer journey. We can be targeting people who are problem or pain aware or people who actually know what the solution is or people who actually know your brand just by trying out different messaging points.

So I always like to look at the awareness level that is being targeted in an ad creative because I've actually been able to unlock other levels of scale by simply going up that ladder to reach a broader audience. And the final thing I'm always looking out for ways that we can inject a little bit more desire or emotion into the ad creatives because this is one of the key things that gets people to convert and convert quickly. All right first up Nate skin this is a really clever ad.

Number one I think this ad is super super clever. I actually responded back to this on Twitter demanding to know what the results of where I was this ad creative because like I just got it now. Now I think number one we have a really excellent hook here.

We're showing the product on second one and we kind of understand already what the product is. But there is an element too of like wait what's going on here? And it hooks you really well.

Now something I will say here is a really good opportunity for them to test some more messaging is really testing this hook language. I like how they say every guy needs this. They could also say something like every guy needs a nose trimmer.

Like actually just talking a little bit more about the product specifically I think could be really interesting. Now I think another really good hook for them that swivel is really cool could actually be right here when they talk about my first kiss went a little like this. I actually think that's a really engaging and also emotional hook.

I think they did honestly such a really smart job with injecting not only desire but emotion. They're really digging into that sort of embarrassment that you feel right before you have your first kiss. And there's also the romantic desire angle there.

They're saying hey essentially you're going to be more romantically desired if you have this product. I think it's really really smart. Now the one thing that I will say is this is a pretty high-end production right?

They are using studio equipment, studio cameras and these are actors which is why you know it's being pulled off so well. Now if I was their creative director I would actually instruct them to try testing out this type of ad creative with an iPhone first and see if that could actually be a better way to get to this target demographic. Because I think that we're actually reaching the right target demographic here.

But it seems a little young right? It seems a little more Gen Z as opposed to millennial especially with this idea of the first kiss. And I think that having more TikTokified type of content could be a better way to reach them.

So that's actually something that they should think about. Like okay if they want to go for you know a slightly older audience more millennial audience that first kiss angle might not be the best for them. But that could be where they want to use more of that studio equipment and try out a different story angle.

All right next up we have the titer? Titer? I don't know how to pronounce this.

It's a weighted blanket. Now I actually think this is a really cool concept. Essentially it's this weighted blanket being reviewed by a group of friends.

And immediately what stands out to me is like the audience. Are we targeting the right audience here? That's actually a little questionable for me.

Are these young people actually the ones buying this blanket? I would instruct them immediately to look at the audience breakdown inside of their ads manager to make sure that they're actually reaching people in more of this Gen Z demographic. But it's like they have a wide range.

Maybe a little bit more of a range of age diversity here. Could have been better for them. I actually think it could have been cool to see people who were you know more on the young side and the people who are more on the older side and how that really spanned across generations.

But it seems very Gen Z. I say as an older millennial. Geez.

Now awareness level these people have to be brand aware right? Because we're using the brand name and so that's probably going to really limit this to being solid and retargeting I'd imagine. But you know it's a weighted blanket.

It says weighted blanket. People kind of get the idea. So they're definitely product aware.

All I'm saying is you know the potential to be scalable could potentially you know there's not there's less of a potential for it to be super scalable. And an additional thing that I would try testing here is actually taking some of these standout reviews and using them in the hooks right? So the less single one.

This feels like a hug from my boyfriend one. And using those in really fast clips I think it could actually attract the audience a little bit more than having this sort of this YouTube magazine real review. And again this is probably the type of ad creative that I would try testing out in a more of a UGC angle as opposed to having the studio production.

It could actually be really cool for people to pretend like they were filming themselves and saying hey like this is my authentic review of this product and having a wide range of people I think could have a potentially better effect. Again especially if they're more Gen Z or younger millennials. But overall it is a pretty cool ad.

I really like the concept. I think we're gonna see more of these review concepts in 2024 actually. Next up the bedtimes.

This is kind of like the New York Times for kids essentially. Now what was kind of interesting is I actually googled this brand before I took a look at the ad creative because I wanted to brush up on it a little bit. And the SEO here was actually kind of awful.

Which I actually think is gonna hurt them in the long run. Because you know a lot of times people will see it on an ad think it's clever. They're not in the position to buy because there are a million reasons why right.

And so they follow it or they decide to google it later in the day when they think about it. And uh this thing's gonna come up. I don't know.

Also this review doesn't work which is kind of frustrating. And I actually think the reviews could be really cool here. But anyways they sent in three ads.

We had these you know really tried and true concepts. Now I think they've done a good job of testing out these three different formats right. So we have a features point out.

We have a testimonial. Which actually feels a little bit more like a social proof testimonial. It seems a little bit more legitimate with that Twitter check mark.

And then we have an us versus them. Now first let's zoom in on this features point out ad. Now I really like this quote.

My kid is literally a walking encyclopedia right now. That actually stands out to me as a golden nugget review. Because it shows the transformation.

And I actually think that this is a phrase that I've heard of. Some of my friends talking about their kids. I think some of the actual features though they aren't as hard hitting as they could be.

Sparks curiosity and learning. Improve memory in reading schools. Be the smartest kid in class.

Become more cultured and educated. I would make sure that you are testing this variant against hey what are the actual features. Like what is actually in the bed times.

Are they stories across different cultures right. Are they brain teasers. Like I think there is an element of me being like okay I see these benefits.

But what actually is it. And that's something that I would highly recommend that they test out. I do like how they highlighted be the smartest kid in class.

I think this is a good image. Honestly pretty good first attempt. Now this testimony.

Are nightly battles over bedtime or a thing in the past these stories are. I actually think the nightly battles over bedtime is the point that I would highlight more. Because this is something that is actually showing the benefit for the parent.

Now the tricky thing about advertising these type of brands that are actually for children is you're not marketing towards the kids. You are marketing towards the parent. So a game changer for learning and fun is number one.

Kind of a boring review and kind of standard generic and blah blah blah. But you can actually hit more of an emotional point by focusing more on the transformation for the parent as opposed to the kid right. So here it's like the nightly battles over bedtime or I think in the past.

That's a benefit for the parent. So not only are you making your kids smarter and more cultured and all this stuff. But you're also having this huge emotional benefit for the parent.

Which is something that I would dig into a lot more. I think this us versus them. I really loved this categorization of raise an innovator versus raise a browser.

I think that that's actually something that I'd like to see them dig into a little bit more. But this is a very simple us versus them. And I think it's pretty solid.

Some of the aspect ratios and skews and the padding kind of like drives me crazy. But you know, I think the actual content of it is pretty solid. All right, next up we have an ad from Hillary Banks for active payroll.

You know, all brands need to market and this is a payroll company that's targeting small businesses as well as fortune 500 companies. Now something that I always suggest that they do with this and a variant they could test is actually take this, push it up, take out the we got you because no one cares, and then take these bullet points and show those bullet points directly on the ad. Now it's definitely a tried and true copy format for you to have bullet points and that is super solid.

However, when people are scrolling in their feed, especially if they're on Instagram, they're not going to see that. So we want to make sure that we're testing out, you know, hey, by showing more upfront benefits directly on the ad creative, does that actually help? Or are people interested with just a headline and that causes the right people to dig in further?

And see, the interesting thing is this is a nine by 16, right? So this tells me that this is primarily going to be delivering to stories. Yet we have this bullet point and this long text that's not going to show up or it's going to show up and it's going to look kind of funky.

I also think that putting links and ad creative looks funny and I wouldn't do it, but I would definitely try putting those bullet points directly on those ad creatives. All right, what do we have next? Ooh, this one is from one of my favorite creative agencies, raindrop.

Um, they have, I just couldn't. Raindrop's a really solid creative agency. Um, they do YouTube creative, television creative and high-end social creative really, really well.

Hey, this is a really clever concept. Let's watch it together. Okay.

So number one, I like the framing because we know that no matter what is going to be said in this ad, that it's really good. So even though these people are talking about a potentially negative sentiment, it's actually a positive so they're leaning into that negative marketing, which is really edgy and tends to work for a lot of brands and leaning into the negative is actually something that I've seen that can be a real positive in terms of, um, actual performance for brands. I will say the first word they've been getting likely going to keep it pretty millennial or Gen Z.

Um, and also pretty coastal. This feels like a very coastal elite in terms of the casting. Now the audience, I'll say too, not a great range of age diversity that's potentially and very likely intentional because they knew who their customer is.

Their customer is an affluent millennial likely living on the coast. My one critique of this is I don't think some of the actors actually passed the sniff test. And what I mean by that is like, I actually found that there were parts of watching this where I cringed because the acting just seemed like, and that could either be good or it could be bad.

I think that the blonde woman particularly didn't like, it felt too much like acting. It didn't feel too much like genuine emotion. Whereas the brunette, when she was talking, I was like, yeah, like this was a perfect cast.

Like I totally get her vibe. I totally get what's going on. Long haired girl.

I struggled with that. And I struggled with seeing her as a CEO and someone who actually had that change. And when she was, you know, showing emotions, I was like, ugh, just seems kind of forced.

I also wish that this actor particularly had more of a storyline. Another thing that I'll say I like about this is I like the anti-CTA. Don't go to laundry sauce.com.

Don't go to laundry sauce.com. I actually think I might try testing more of these anti-CTAs. Very cool.

Very good. Overall, pretty good. Dying to know how it actually converts.

Next up, yoga. So we have Jason from Yoga Strong. Now he sent me his entire, you know, book of creative.

So I had to choose one. So I chose this one particularly. Now I think this is a really great hook because the idea that Hailey Bieber actually potentially has this yoga mat.

Great. You could get a cease and assist from it though. I discovered this yoga mat from Yoga Strong and it changed my life.

I don't think that that, those two like phrases are really the most important things here. Like people know what a yoga mat is and like whether or not it changed your life, I'm not sure. I think this is actually a good point where we want to inject those actual benefits a lot closer into the front of the ad creative.

So essentially bring up those features and benefits a lot sooner to show why it's different and why it was a game changer. I also saw another ad creative that they had, which was about why they chose this yoga strong mat as opposed to a $20 Amazon mat. I actually think that comparison is way more impactful and has a lot more of an interesting storyline.

And that's something that I think people are already going to be thinking like, why should I spend money on this yoga strong mat when I could just buy something else from Amazon. But they are thinking that so you should create content around that to convince them to buy with you and why you're better. Overall, I'd focus a lot more on the competitors.

I'm thinking about awareness levels. You know, the people that are going to buy a yoga mat know what a yoga mat is. They don't need education on what it is.

It's really a comparison play about why you're better versus the others. So I would think about, I would have that top of mind while developing ad creative and start testing a wide range of comparison creatives and really go from that angle of why someone should choose that over someone else. Next up, we have Priya from Peacocks and Paisleys.

Now, initially this popped up with no sound and something that I think was also hurting this ad creative is I didn't actually know what the product was initially. I was like, okay, is this clothing? Is this tapestry?

I really didn't know. Also, this doesn't have any captions on it. So again, when it first popped up for me, no sound was on.

This is definitely something that other people in your funnel are going to be experiencing when they're on social media. So really easy, add in some of those captions. And I also think some of the pacing here when we are listening to the audio could be clipped up and sped up quite a bit.

There were a lot of gaps, ums, and you know, I think that this is a video that's about 30, 40 seconds that could easily be shortened down to 15. I really do like how they show the fabric up close, and I think it was a really good fabric choice. I actually thought it had jewels on it as opposed to just a plain tapestry.

So that's something to note. And I do like how they're showing someone actually making that. I think that's really special, but I think they can just be sped up quite a bit and put in those captions.

All right, next up, my friend Yvonne, a fellow creative strategist, he sent in three ads for Crystilla Glass. So we have three ads here. There's pretty good range.

One is going to be more of an influencer take, very high production, really well made. And then we also have a testimonial created, as well as a static image. The influencer one, I really liked this movement of her opening it, but I've actually found some people get in trouble with the tracker tech.

So I would make sure that in addition to testing this variant, that you actually test the entire first sentence or phrase on second zero. I also didn't know why we kept this particular testimonial up or pretty much the entire duration of the ad. I think that it could easily drop off.

I'm also not sure who this creator is. Could be important, could not. Now, something that I wonder is particularly with this font choice on this ad, is this the right font choice and treatment for this particular demographic?

This type of text is actually pretty masculine, I'd say. It's pretty, even though it is big, so it's like easier for an older audience to read. It reads a little bit young to me.

So I might actually take a look at what types of fonts are going to be more appealing to that, you know, 40, 50 plus female, which is who's actually, you know, the testimonial that this is. The font, the font was a little off for me, which I know is just like such a nitpicky thing. Honestly, it's really the only like problem I have with this.

I think it's actually a really good ad and the actual product looks super solid. I really love this static. I think this is super smart because it looks really genuine.

We have someone saying, hey, I want this in my house. And then they say, hey, this is how easy it is. I think any time that you can show how easy your product is not only to use, but also to onboard or just get started, that's obviously one of the big common objections.

So this actually, to me, reads like an objection handling ad where they realize that, hey, one of the biggest things that they see people are having friction with is the ease, the timing. And they're saying here, hey, this is going to be so quick and easy. And all that you have to do is select a design you like, and then we're going to give you an estimate right away, which is really bringing down that barrier to entry purchase.

So really smart ad here. Well done, Yvonne. All right, next up, we have a gym ad.

Now, this is a carousel style ad. Now, immediately, the thing that I'm going to say is there's no actual visual differentiation between the different packages. It's all, you know, I don't actually know which one's better.

Like you are putting a lot of pressure on your audience to go through and read every single thing, which people aren't going to do. They're really busy. I'll also say that I have no idea who this is for visually or even what it is.

So immediately you are putting a lot, again, a lot of work on the user to know if this ad is even right for them to engage with. And I'd say not. This can be easily remedied by adding a image of your gym at the top and making people understand, hey, it's a gym, but it's also, you know, potentially a training program, I think a membership package, which, you know, they can see, of course, in this headline ad, but I really do think we need a visual element here to target and get to the right people.

Okay, next up, we have the only bean two formats, really tried and true formats. We have an us versus them as well as a features point. Actually, when I first saw this, I thought it was just a testimonial.

This one particularly is a little busy. So I think that we need to understand, okay, what exactly do we want the focal point to be on? I think it's actually the testimonial.

And I actually really like this testimonial because it's coming from the kid as opposed to the parent talking about the kid. So I think that's actually a really smart test that they're running here. I hope they're split testing this headline in this language.

I think it's really important. I don't think that these particular features or benefits are the best ones actually, because okay, quick energy boost. Do you really need a quick energy boost for a kid?

I'm not sure. That doesn't really read right to me. Digestive health support.

Boring. That's very clinical language. Nutritious and non-generalists.

Boring clinical language. On the go crunchy snack. On the go snack is great.

There's a little bit of a mismatch between the language in the point outs versus the language that is in the headline. And that just kind of makes it like, it just, it all falls, like that division falls apart for me. So quick energy boost.

Like maybe it could just be as easy as like, you know, healthy snack on the go. Like guilt-free snack. Like dig into that, those emotions a little bit.

Digestive health support. Like tummy safe or something like that. Nutritious is non-GMO.

Like, you know, just say healthy. I don't know. That's just, you know, kind of nitpicking.

But I think it looks good. Us versus them. I really like how they chose Doritos.

You'll probably get a cease and desist from them. But I think it's worth testing it anyways. I like the them part.

Like I think they did a really good job of being like a food junkie facing immediate consequences. And then they have us, a proud snacker. Proud of every crunch.

Now on one side, right, for the features point out, I'm like, okay, this is a snack for kids. On the us versus them, I actually don't know who the snack is for. And that's pretty important.

So I'd say that it, like, even if this is a snack that can be used by adults and kids, whatever, it could be really interesting to make that a lot clearer in this us versus them. Because I also, I would have a really hard time seeing someone giving like in 2024 Doritos to their like toddler. I mean, I know what happens, but like, I think it would be kind of taboo.

At least in New York anyways. I couldn't imagine that. So I do think that there's like a bit of an audience gap here missing on the us.

No? Yeah. Co-pilot IQ.

Eric sent this in. I was really excited when he sent this ad in because I've actually been seeing a lot of ad creatives like this and some ad creatives that have been running for a year plus, which is crazy. And I know that you see this and you think, wow, this is a lot of information.

This is kind of an onslaught. I think that's kind of the point actually. And like, this is for, you know, something specific to health.

And I imagine it's trying to 55 plus, but what I think is interesting, right? Is like, they have also a bit of a schedule here that is going to help people understand like, oh, okay. Like day one, day two, day three, like the nurse is going to like read the glucose reading day four, you're going to get a call with your nurse and it shows that like spread out.

And then it shows the progress from like week one, week 10, week 28, 26. I think showing that progress and showing all of that, you know, what the first few days actually look like that is connecting the progress and the results in a single image ad, which I think is really smart and it shows that it's covered by insurance. So I also think this is like a thing that's like, if you know, you know, if you know, you have this problem, if you know that you are like affected negatively by a metformin, I don't, I have no idea what this means, but I see this ad and I'm like, yeah, this is a pretty solid ad for Medicare.

Been running for 32 days, which means it wasn't a total loser. They're probably starting to scale it up. I imagine it's doing pretty fucking well for them right now.

Okay. Last Nike, let's talk about this. So number one, this ad was sent to me by my friend Zach, try out the latest gear from the Nike store.

Now this ad is sending you to figure out where the closest Nike store is to you. So this isn't an actual ad creative that is meant to generate online sales. And that's really important because a lot of times these big brands have a lot of different metrics that they're going after.

They understand that the halo effect of their ad creative on paid social is a lot bigger because it's all retargeting. Like most people on the face of this earth, especially in the U S know who Nike is. So it's not like we have to do like benefit comparisons, how to, and show them the fabric up close.

It's like they are either a Nike fan or they're not. So we want to make sure that we're getting these Nike fans and a potentially new market in a second to take an action for this particular test, right? Looking at the ad creative, we see that these are younger people.

So maybe Gen Z, Gen Alpha, and they want to get more of those people inside the store, potentially so that they can then develop that customer over the long term and have them choose Nike as opposed to Adidas, right? What's interesting too, is they also split test this ad creative, right? And this is like what really like checkmarked for me.

It's like, yes, this specific test, they want more Gen Z people inside of their stores. Now, if you're a smaller brand trying to use meta to grow your brand, and you look at this type of ad creative, you might think, huh, I have to have a professional photoshoot. I have to have, you know, this like branding, I have to have this sort of tagline or whatever.

You really don't, especially for the new and upcoming brand, you really have to make sure that you're focusing on the problems that you're solving and the audience that you want to target. And also the transformation that people are going to have. When Nike is advertising on Facebook and on meta ads, they're not trying to get that direct response conversion right there.

They're actually going for the long game and trying to convert Gen Z or Gen Alpha over a much longer period of time so that someone from Gen Z or Gen Alpha sees this ad, your sweat test has an address. I don't think that's an amazing tagline because I don't know what a sweat test is. Like if there was actually a test or something, I don't know, it just doesn't make sense to me.

But Nike can do that because they want to be top of mind really. And they want their visual identity to connect to someone in that demographic so that when someone in that demographic is like, yeah, I need to buy workout clothes. Oh yeah, there's a Nike near me.

I should go check that out because I saw that recently. And when they're looking at the people inside of their ads, we see, okay, like look at the age, look at the diversity in these different ad creatives. And they see themselves reflected in that.

And the brain makes the assumption that then Nike is for them. A really long-winded way to go about it. But yeah, a lot of times I'll talk with brands and they'll show me what really big brands are doing for their ad creative.

And I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, they're playing a way different game than you. You need to play the direct response talking directly to the pain points game while they are actually working on developing an entirely new market over the long term because they have hundreds and thousands of stores all across the world. They have the budget to play that long game without, you know, whatever.

I'm done. All right. Thank you so much for watching this video.

If you want me to analyze any more of these ads, you want me to do a video like this again, let me know. I'd love to do it. I'll see you guys next week.

Bye.