What's up marketers? Today, we're gonna be ranking your favorite celebrity brands in a tier list. And more specifically, we're gonna be looking at their longest running Facebook ads creative with the idea that if this is the ad creative that has been running the longest, it's probably the one that performs the best for them on their e-commerce platforms.

But first I wanna drop some knowledge about celebrity brands and explain why I'm even creating this video. Number one, the rise of the celebrity slash creator brand is super interesting. And it's something that we're gonna be seeing a lot more in 2024.

But I also think we're gonna be seeing a lot more failures. More on that in a second. The use of celebrities is an incredibly effective marketing strategy.

Research shows that people are actually going to spend more time looking at an ad if it has a celebrity in it. And they're also going to spend less time debating the choice of whether or not to buy if a celebrity is in that ad. So essentially the journey from discovery to purchase is going to shorten and conversion rates are just gonna go up overall.

However, just because a celebrity makes a brand or endorses a product, it doesn't mean that it's automatically gonna be a success. We've seen a lot of failures over the last few years. And the reason why is because there needs to be a really clear and authentic celebrity and product slash brand alignment.

Does the partnership make sense? Is the celebrity clearly passionate about the industry? Or is it, as it is in many cases, a crash grab?

I also think that the true sign of successful celebrity brand is that the brand can actually stand at its own two feet without the celebrity. Some other factors that contribute to success is that product quality is high, but the product pricing can range from $20 to $50 per skew, which means that it's more accessible to a mass market. However, those AOVs are likely going to range from 75 to 100 for the COGS to really make sense.

And Skins is a master of this. Product launches and drops are incredibly strategic. I think all brands can learn something from celebrity ads, specifically their top performing ad creative.

And I'll be pointing out all those things along the way. So let's go ahead and get started. And the first brand we're gonna be looking at is Pattern by Tracee Ellis Ross.

This is a haircare brand. I actually discovered this brand initially in Sephora, and it's geared to people with coily or coarse hair. Now, something else that I really like zooming in on for celebrity brands is what exactly is the nature between the brand and the celebrity?

In the case of Pattern, Tracee Ellis Ross is actually the CEO. Some combinations that we're gonna see along the way are going to be some are CEOs, some are actually running their company, some are just founders, some are founders slash creative directors because they wanna have a heavy hand in that creative direction. But for the purposes of this video, we are ranking these celebrity ads based solely on their Facebook ads creative.

So what I actually loved when I was looking at Pattern's ad library is I saw that they had a wide range of creative diversity and they were testing out many of the tried and true performance formats. I actually think that this brand does a much better job than the average celebrity brand at leaning into more of those performance based tactics, which tells me that they're probably actually doing a pretty good job on their meta ads. So you can see right here, they have a statistic style ad, which is the number one leave in conditioner, once sold every minute.

That's a really cool stat. Also a bullet point feature. They have a features point out ad, they're leaning into some press and they also have some UGC.

And what's interesting about all of these ads that I'm putting out, right, is none of them feature Tracy Ellis Ross. So I think that this is again, one of those brands that can stand on its own two feet. But when we are looking at the ad creative only, honestly, I think that this is a really solid, good attempt and they're much more performance minded.

But in terms of their Facebook ads creative, ooh, I would say clever and probably convert. Honestly, this is a really, really great attempt. I actually think I would have liked to seen a little bit more of Tracy Ellis Ross in the ad creative and also getting a little bit more of those ugly ads in the mix.

But honestly, I think that they're doing pretty good. Next up, we have Cora Organics founded by Miranda Kerr, who was a former model, actually a former Victoria's Secret's angel, which is really cool. She is also the CEO of Cora Organics, which is an organic skincare line.

Now, I would say this is a really typical celebrity brand push. We see Miranda Kerr and a lot of the ad creative and a lot of the video creative too is very highly produced. Really, you know, it doesn't really say modern day social media to me.

We're not really seeing a lot of that UGC and any ugly ads to speak of whatsoever. So honestly, I would say it depends. I actually think that this brand is one that doesn't lean on their e-commerce platform as much as they could.

They probably get a lot more traction out of being inside of retailers, and that's their main push to sell their brand. But if they really wanted to grow their e-commerce platform, they'd have to have a lot more creative diversity in the mix and also work with a bigger range of creators, I'd say. Next up, Henry Rose.

This was founded by Michelle Pfeiffer. She is the founder and creative director, so it's the first time we're seeing that combination in the mix, which I feel like is what a lot of celebrity brands end up becoming. The story behind Henry Rose is that Michelle Pfeiffer created this brand because she wanted non-toxic perfumes.

And now this brand is primarily being sold in Sephora and other retailers, right? So let's take a look at their Facebook ad creative. Honestly, I'm pretty surprised at how native a lot of this ad creative feels.

So they're doing some UGC. They have a really wide range of creators, too. Michelle Pfeiffer is in her 50s, 60s, but we see people in their 20s in these ad groups, which I think is pretty cool.

They have a press screenshot style ad, this green screen one. They have a few other... The fun fact about me is that I cannot lease a house.

They have a few other just like typical UGC creations. Honestly, like this is another really good solid attempt. And for me, it's going to be somewhere in the clever and converts or classic and uninspired but effective.

Honestly, I actually think that this is pretty clever. Like, I think that they have done a really good job of being more native and more for the platform. I would like to see Michelle Pfeiffer in more of those ads, though.

I'm actually really curious about the spend distribution of age because they're showing a lot of young people. I would have liked to see Michelle in those ads a little bit more. So that's like a flag that I would have for them is make sure that you're looking at the age breakdown to see, Okay, are we actually targeting more 35, 40, 50 plus or is it the Gen Z people that are in their ad creative?

Who knows? Maybe it's strategic on their part. You never know.

Um, next up, I actually think I'm gonna get in trouble for calling this a celebrity brand. The Row. So this is the luxury fashion brand by Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen.

Ashley is the CEO. Mary-Kate is the creative director. Last I could tell.

And The Row is one of those brands that wants to pretend like it wasn't actually started by celebrities, but it is. And it absolutely can stand on its own two feet. I actually think that The Row in terms of cultural significance is actually quite impactful, right?

Because of secession and stealth wealth and quiet luxury. That is The Row. Which is why, you know, I like to keep a really close eye on them.

But like in terms of their Facebook ad strategy, right? Do they have one? Yes.

Is it a good one? No. But I also don't think that for really big luxury fashion brands, like e-commerce isn't the name of the game.

They're not necessarily trying to get conversions out of that ad creative. They just want to be shown to people. And then later down the line, those people going into a Bergdorf or a Barney's or, you know, into one of their stores.

And then they end up converting. It's a really different strategy than what we're used to. So for The Row, I'm going to put them in Depends.

But I actually really did like some of their Polaroid pictures that they had in the mix. It probably doesn't convert. I'm going to be honest.

It probably doesn't. But as a creative, I thought that it was really cool how they were trying to change up a lot of their mix. And I think that that's something that we'll see a little bit more brands doing.

Kind of in the way that Bataga did their recent campaign, which was taken like it was a paparazzi shot, which is sort of ugly ads-esque. Yeah. Next up, we have Chamberlain Coffee, which is founded by YouTube star Emma Chamberlain.

Exact role, undetermined. But I've actually heard that she's pretty involved in the brand and the direction and the product development. She is not the CEO, but so I guess she'd be one of those founder creative director types, but I couldn't actually find any documentation on that.

In terms of their actual ad creative, though, I think that if they wanted to scale more on e-commerce and use Meta as an actual place to scale and get more eyeballs and get more conversions, there's a lot of low hanging fruit that they could do. But in terms of their actual ad creative, when I'm around looking at the ad library, I always find things that a sort of surprise and delight. Like this Zodiac ad here, for instance, they also had a Sagittarius one during Sagittarius season.

I've also seen the experiment a little bit more with doing founders based ads like this really three reasons why Chamberlain Coffee style ad, which is, you know, really classic. I would say even though a lot of their ad concepts aren't super classic, I think it's a really classic attempt for a celebrity brand. Like I do not think that Chamberlain Coffee is on meta ads to grow.

I think that they've realized that they need some sort of presence there and a lot of their ad creative could be considered retargeting in a sense because the people that are going to end up wanting to look at Emma, wanting to look at their ad creative or potentially being customers are people that know of Emma. Right. And already know of her affinity with coffee.

So it's just about, you know, showing up where your consumers are. It's not necessarily about like growing, growing, growing, scaling, scaling, scaling. Something else that I admire about Chamberlain Coffee is I think that they've taken a pretty slow and steady approach to growth instead of really trying to be in every single place and throttle the meta ad spend.

They've taken it slower, which I think is also just emblematic of like who Emma is as a founder, which I think is kind of interesting. Next up, we have Rare Beauty by Selena Gomez, where she is the founder. I also see her being active in a lot of the creative direction as well as a lot of the influencer trips that Rare Beauty tends to host.

This is something that I see a lot of beauty brands doing. She has a full C-suite to actually run the company for her. People like Katie Walsh, who's a really great CMO.

This is also one of those brands that as TikTok and beauty TikTok began to rise in popularity, so did this brand. I think that this brand really rode that wave really well. And part of the reason is compared to a lot of other beauty brands, especially a lot of other beauty celebrity brands, the price point is a lot more accessible to people.

And something that I see again and again on beauty TikTok is how good it is for sensitive skin and really how high quality the products are without it being so expensive. Which is really important to people. In terms of their Facebook ad creative, this is one of those that's like classic and uninspired.

I actually really like that some of their older ad creative tends to have a lot of the products and a lot of their core fan favorite products all in a lineup so that people can see them. I actually find that one of the best strategies for brands that have multiple SKUs is to actually show those SKUs or to show those colorways or to show those swatches. In your ad creative, this is something that I've seen and it does really well again and again.

And for a lot of their creative too, I find that they're using some of the colors that stick out more against a more muted palette, which is a really smart strategy. Something that I see again and again as well is, hey, people might end up buying the navy or black shirt, but it's the ad creative that features the hot pink shirt that's going to be the one that's going to perform the best. Because it's simply eye catching.

So again, because of all those reasons, I don't think that they're really doing tons of performance creative. Now, another reason too, why I put this in the classic and uninspired category is like they just need to have a small presence on Facebook ads. Their main growth lever is not by meta ads, but instead by being in places like Sephora, which is their main retailer.

So if they wanted to bulk up more of their e-commerce, I'd say, yeah, they need to lean into a little bit more performance tactics. But I don't think that's their game right now. I really think it's really just about having a small presence on meta, but also focusing more solely on their influencer and their creator partnerships as well as their partnership with Sephora.

Next up is Fenty Beauty by Rihanna. She actually has a few brands. She has Chavez by Fenty, Fenty Skin, as well as Fenty Beauty.

For the purposes of this video, we are looking primarily at Fenty Beauty. As far as her role in this company and all of her companies, I think she's primarily just a founder. Fenty Beauty is another one of those brands that has incredibly high quality.

And I think that another thing that Rihanna did at the beginning that helped them stand out and sticks out in my memory as a consumer as well is when they introduced so many different colorways or color options and swatches, which was kind of unheard of, especially when we look at a D2C brand like Glossier, who when they first started launching Foundation, really only had like three to five to seven color options. When Fenty came out, they had about 22 or 30. Fact check me on that one.

That idea that your product and even your SKUs amounts can be part of your overall marketing strategy and your messaging is something that I think Fenty was one of the first to do really, really well. In terms of their ad creative and their longest running ad creatives, and I love that they do, is they use Rihanna and really low-fi, get ready with me style UGC videos. And it feels really, really authentic, but they're also contrasting that with some of the more studio shots.

And I even think like just some of the images that they're using, like this hot chocolate holographic lip gloss, it's really interesting because when you first see it, I actually thought there was like powder on her lips. And I was, it made me stop and I'm like, wait, what is this? Wow, like the gloss is so glossy that it actually looks like snow or powder or something.

I thought that was really cool. So again, Fenty is one of those brands that is primarily in Sephora. I don't know how much they're actually pushing their e-commerce platforms, but in terms of like where they ranked on the scale compared to other brands, I actually think that they had a lot more performance creative and a lot more ad creative diversity than the normal celebrity brands.

But there wasn't anything that really stood out to me in terms of like performance creative, especially for some of their static images. A lot of it was UGC based. So this is another one where I'm going to say classic and uninspired and you know, it probably converts, but I wasn't super impressed by any of the actual ad creative there, aside from some of the Rihanna ones.

Next up is Kylie Cosmetics. I'd consider this one of the OG celebrity brands of the modern era, where I was coming of age when the lip kits came out. And what's so interesting too, is the lip kit also really mirrored and capitalized on Kylie herself changing a lot and becoming more of a woman in the eyes of the public.

And she also had this really big transformation in her face that people also tied to the product, which is really cool. And this is also another one of those products that's really high quality and is at a price range that's really accessible to people and encourages people to buy multiples, right? Kylie is a founder and owner of it.

And from the few episodes, the Kardashians that I watched, she seems pretty involved. And she also is in a lot of the ad creative. I think that they had a pretty good diverse mix of studio shots of lo-fi UGC that Kylie herself is in.

And then there's also a number of, you know, establishing studio shots that look pretty good for this one, though, I'd say is going to be like really classic, right? For this caliber of a celebrity brand, this is actually hinges a lot, I think on the influencer organic push side of things. I think that there's a big opportunity for them to scale on paid social and really reach a lot more people and tell, you know, a diverse range of stories through that platform.

But I think for now, especially after, you know, Kylie sold a big stake of this company, she can't really call the shots anymore. And I think that the people who are currently running the company want to take a approach to growth that doesn't really focus as much on paid social. Next up, the sister of Kylie Jenner, right, is Skims by Kim Kardashian.

She is the founder. Something very interesting that I think Kim has done too over the last few years is she also now owns a PE firm, Sky Ventures, which enables her to not only endorse brands, but now invest directly in them, which I think is a really cool and different approach that celebrities are starting to take right now as they begin to build up their own wealth and really think about being more entrepreneurial. And as far as Skims goes, Skims is a behemoth, right?

And so much of the Skims genius has really nothing to do with the Facebook ads creative. And I think actually a lot of their strategy there hinges on drops and highlighting certain celebrity partnerships, which is really smart. But I think their overall marketing strategy is something that is Ogilvy tier.

And this is something that I ranked for them too in the last video. But the reason why Skims can get away with only doing a few types of performance creative on paid social is because at a certain point, you just need to have a presence there and you just need to be top of mind because everything becomes retargeting at that point. There's not many people in the US or in the world that haven't heard of Kim Kardashian that haven't heard of Skims.

In fact, their revenue has already far exceeded that of Spanx, which was the OG in this market. So there are a few things that make Skims Ogilvy tier without just thinking about their Facebook ad creative, but it does tie into that. Number one, their product launches.

They're incredibly strategic about when they're going to be launching a new product or even a partnership. And their partnerships are also, you know, they partner with people who are of the moment, who are being talked about in the press. And that is going to get eyeballs.

You know, she did the partnership with the Mahomes. She also did the partnership with the Girls from White Lotus a few years ago. You know, people who are top of mind in the cultural light geist in a way.

I think that's something that makes them stand out a lot. I also think that in terms of their product launches and drops, they're really strategic about that timing. And they have a lot of them.

This is something I talk a lot about with brands and two major instances. Number one, if they want to scale, they might not have a product that's actually super scalable. So in order to get more of that scale, they have to rapidly test other products.

And this is something that I see Skims doing really, really well, but not all also just like the idea of scaling and using products to scale, but also the idea of how to maintain and actually grow your revenue over time through the use of strategic product drops. Something that I see a lot with brands is, oh, in the months leading up to Q4, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, we often see a drop. And something that I saw that Skims did that was really smart was, hey, they had several really strategic launches right up until that point, which can help them maintain and even grow their revenue at a time when brands are actually holding back.

So something I talk about a lot with brands is, hey, how can we place a really strategic product launch around times when you think revenue is not going to be as strong as it is? Maybe you want to relaunch some of your best sellers around this time, something that often sells out. Maybe you want to try a product that a lot of your users have been asking for and you have high confidence in it actually selling out.

So these are things that I think make Skims Opal V tier. Next up is Rhone by Haley Bieber. She is the founder and creative director of this brand.

In terms of their actual ad creative, I actually really dislike their ad creative and I overall have a lot of questions with their team. They seem to be using weird filter grades over a lot of the stuff and half the time I couldn't even really tell what product was being sold. I also find that right now they're tending to do a lot of specific product pushing, which is probably making their Facebook ads not perform as well overall.

Now the product that does the best for them has the most reviews and like is often talked about on social media are their lip balms. But the one product that they seem to be pushing a lot is this glazing milk. That tells me they're trying to like push a specific product.

It may or may not be working. I assume that it's not working because I think that it's, it's not as scalable ultimately to get someone to want to invest in this type of product. And it's also inherently a risk for some people, right?

I also find that like skincare and especially like skincare online can be inherently risky to people because everyone has different skincare needs. So if you're trying to push a specific foundation or moisturizer or skincare product, that's going to be a lot harder than like a lip gloss, which is way more scalable. But cogs are lower, right?

So it's just, you know, it's not as great, you know, I have questions for the road team. But I also just think like, you know, meta isn't their main game. Like they're mostly growing and scaling based on Haley and based on some of the influencer partnerships.

I do think that they could end up scaling a lot more on the platform with a different approach though. Next up is Yiddy by Lizzo, who claims she is the CEO of the brand. It's interesting.

When I was looking at this brand initially, I was like, okay, it's kind of like the slightly like lower quality, cheaper option to Skims. And obviously the demographic I think is a little bit different as well. The concerns of people who are going to buy Yiddy are different than people who are buying Skims.

Even though Skims has a really wide range, I think that Lizzo and her brand Yiddy speak really specifically to a demographic. In terms of their performance creator though, I actually thought it was really spot on and they had a really great use of performance tactics, more before and afters. I also really like this ad that they had that was on site versus reality, which is something that I think a lot more brands, especially clothing brands could do.

And they were doing like this features point out. I also will never forget this. My first Yiddy ad that I saw, this was like a year ago was of Lizzo taking off her underwear while wearing a bodysuit.

Hey, like, I mean, you're gonna get some eyeballs with that for sure. She's also in a number of the ad creative. So I'd actually say like for Yiddy, like they're in the clever and converts probably category.

I actually think that they're doing really well at unpaid social. They also have a lot of offers based creative. Sometimes the offers look a little too high for me, but it's kind of like a fabletics, right?

And they also have a partnership with Fablegs. I imagine they're actually doing pretty well and scaling well on that platform and the product pricing is really accessible to a wide range of people. Last one, Once Upon a Farm, which is a brand co-founded by Jennifer Garner.

Thank you, Nate Rosen for this brand. This is a brand that's probably going to be sold in grocery stores, I'd say. But as far as their Facebook ad creative is concerned, they utilize Jennifer and several of the ads and they also are doing some really strategic A-B tests with some of their creatives, which I think is smart.

Like this one right here, they have a headline wave bar that says organic snacks and meals for babies to big kids. And they're also just like split testing that with just the image of Jennifer Garner, which I think is really smart for them to like frame who they're actually trying to reach. Some of their older ad creative is a lot more of the studio shots and stuff, but I'm starting to see that they're doing more UGC over the last few weeks and months, which I think is cool.

So for them right now, I'd say they're in the classic and uninspired, but probably effective category. I do think that if they continue to like test more creative, especially as you know, time goes on and the brand grows, they can probably be more in that clever and converts probably category. All right, now let's take a look at where we are.

Skins is the only one I'll go be at the top. I feel like I'm just a Skins fangirl at this point. Yikes.

We have Pattern Henry O's, Yiddy, lots of people in the classic and uninspired. But again, I think that for celebrity brands, like growth on meta is not their number one priority and it's probably not even their second or third priority. It's just about maintaining a certain amount of exposure and they sort of have to be there.

But yeah, I hope that you guys learned something and how about you let me know in the comments below what your favorite celebrity brand is. Maybe I'll do another one of these and I'll chat with you guys later. Bye.