I'm going to show you this in a second. What's up marketers? Now I show hundreds of ad creatives on this channel every single month.

Be sure to subscribe if that's your brand of nerd thing. But I want to address the elephant in the room, one of your frequently asked questions, which is what about B2B service based businesses and info products? Well, today's video is going to be about B2B.

Now, here's the deal. I truly believe that if all brands borrowed from what the big D2C brands were doing, they would probably be a whole lot better off. I've spent over a hundred million dollars on Facebook ads.

And the truth is, is that the format that works between B2C, D2C, and B2B, it's not really that different because it's what works on the platform, AKA meta ads. But there are a few nuances with B2B and a few strategies that I've definitely seen work again and again. And I want to dive into those particular ad creatives today.

In addition to these ad creatives that work for B2B, I'm also going to sprinkle little tips and tricks throughout this entire video. They will be just as valuable as the ad creatives themselves. And honestly, they're going to make you look really smart in your next marketing meeting.

So let's dive in. Now, the first one is the educational content traffic driver. And here's our first sparkle.

Now, the reason why B2B is more difficult on paid social is because you do have to consider the funnel more. Essentially, it's going to be kind of hard to cold target your ideal customer on paid social. And for the most part, D2C and consumer product goods, you don't really have to have a different creative strategy for prospecting and retargeting.

A broader approach tends to lead to the best results. However, because it is a lot more difficult to cold target B2B on paid social, that strategy is a little bit different. So if you do want to try something that is for more cold traffic and more top of funnel, you're going to have to lead with more educational type content.

This can even include a lead magnet or a freebie to help further qualify that audience. Now, there are several examples of this. So when you think of the broader B2B funnel in terms of awareness, I think it's helpful to actually look at the examples that some B2B brands are using that show this educational top of funnel traffic driver and maybe some of their other ads that are definitely a little bit more further down funnel.

So number one for Sage Company, see we have this educational top of funnel traffic driver, but for some of the ones that are a little bit more further down funnel, you already begin to understand, okay, these people have already been qualified in some way. We're already quite sure that we know who they are in terms of the audience and what their interests and pain points are. But part of the reason we were able to gather that information and qualify that audience is because of that initial top of funnel traffic driver.

Another good example of this is also with QuickBooks. Here you can see seven ways to balance rising costs while keeping customers happy. Then you can see that we have a few other ads that are then being targeted to people after they've already been qualified.

Now, another one of my tricks for this creative is that it can and should be really simple. Honestly, the harder part of this is going to actually be developing that educational content, developing that freebie or that lead magnet. Another thing too, it's super worth it for B2B brands to try this strategy.

Obviously, I feel like this is kind of basic. However, it is not worth it for D2C or product based brands to try this kind of strategy. I know that some agencies or some other marketing influencers swear that it works.

2024, I've not seen it work. The second ad creative is infographics and workflows. Now, what's interesting is this is a trend that I've seen work really well on D2C lately, especially in 2024.

But this is something that has worked on B2B paid social for years. Here's a really great example by Motion. And we also have another great example by Zapier.

I actually find that this type of content works really well for SaaS brands. It's kind of like a pre-demo qualifier and it also helps really visualize what people are going to be experiencing with your brand or product. This is something again that often occurs in the demo.

So it's kind of like a pre-demo. Number three, if I had to test one ad creative for a B2B brand, it would be this one. And spoiler alert, this is also something that works really well in D2C statistics-based ads.

And here's the T. When you use numbers in your ad creatives, it automatically makes people trust you more and seem more legitimate, especially when they are statistics. Statistics automatically speak to the logical side of the brain, the decision-making part of the brain, and candidly, the part of the brain that justifies a purchase.

And your brain is going to be operating in hyperdrive too when you're evaluating a purchase for your business. Now, I will say one big difference between what I've seen work in statistics for D2C brands versus B2B is oftentimes for B2B, when you use statistics that speak to the larger problem or don't necessarily speak about the transformation, that can actually work really well in B2B because it's helped further qualifying your audience. Because again, typically people are not making the purchase directly from that B2B ad.

They have to go through a longer sales process. But on D2C, what's really working is when you communicate more about that transformation with your product. Number four, testimonial ads.

Nothing new here, right? If you've seen some of my videos, this is something that we've also seen work really well for D2C e-com brands. However, there is one really big difference between B2B and D2C brands.

Can you guess what that is? Number one, if you are using testimonials for your B2B brand, try to include the job title or position of the person that you are using the testimonial from. It's so interesting because in D2C, an e-com, yeah, you can use the name, you can say verify purchaser, but honestly, I've split tested those things to death and it doesn't really sway the differences too much.

It's really much more about getting the best gold nugget review that you can. But for B2B, I actually do see a big increase in results when you are actually including the job title of the person that you're using the testimonial from. Especially if you're using something like a senior director, a VP, or a founder, CEO, entrepreneur, whatever, some higher level job title that automatically more qualifies that review.

As for what these testimonials should actually communicate, speak to the results, look at them like a mini case study. And inherently, these are going to be a little bit further down funnel. Ideally, the person who's going to be seeing this type of creative already has some idea of the solution that you're providing.

And they're probably evaluating you and your competitors as the solution for their business issues. Number five, UGC ads. Yes, UGC ads definitely work in B2B.

And again, especially in the hooks, you can call out titles and names of people so that you can help further qualify that traffic. One of the reasons why I really like using UGC for B2B brands as well, is I've actually found that this can actually span a much larger part of the funnel. So it can help qualify colder traffic, but it can also help convert more of that warmer traffic.

So I often find that these ads particularly can be a little bit more scalable than some of the other ad formats. And if you're looking for some really good B2B UGC inspiration, try to look at brands that have a wider demographic. So they have a little bit larger appeal as it relates to the targeting.

So this will be brands like Shopify, who are targeting potentially new business owners or people who are aspirational and wanting to be an entrepreneur. That target demographic is way bigger than people who are already a founder or CEO. So these are going to be brands like Motion App and Shopify.

I am always looking at those brands particularly for really good UGC content that is more B2B oriented. Another little trick here that I have is when you are developing this UGC content, really think about the software and tools that your users are using every single day and try to add that imagery directly into your UGC content. So if your users are using Google Calendar, ChatGBT, or Reddit or Twitter, try and insert some of that imagery into the UGC, which is going to help qualify that people are in the right place and they're watching the type of content that is actually right for them.

My final note on B2B content is just because I listed these five formats doesn't mean that you should abandon the tried and true formats that I talk about all the time on this channel. Us versus them, our competitor highlights are also really, really powerful for B2B. So are ugly ads.

There are tons of brands that are really nailing different types of ugly ads for their paid social. Press, of course, can also be something that really helps get more leads or more people into your funnel. Another thing that really works here in addition to press is really big brand endorsements.

So if you're able to showcase some of your customers and if they're really big brand names, that often has the same type of stamp of approval that press often does. And finally, my little note here is as you guys continue to watch my channel and as I'm showing you tons of these different ad creative formats, even if it's not a direct one-to-one for your industry, try it. You do not want to just be trying what other people in your industry are doing.

I often find that sometimes the biggest swings where you are becoming the first in your industry to try a format or try an idea, that can often lead to the biggest long-lasting impact for an ad creative. So do not be afraid to be the first. And if you want to see more videos like this, please leave me a shout in the comments and I will see you next week.

Bye!