Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to give you my top three hacks for writing Facebook ads copy. This video is perfect for people who struggle with writing copy for their Facebook ads.

Maybe English isn't their first language or they just don't know where to start. Even though I have a creative writing background, I still use these hacks all the time at my job at the agency. So be sure to hit that like button if you guys enjoy any of these tips.

So first tip number one is just use your customer testimonials. And yep, for this one, you guys do not actually have to write anything. And I use this all the time.

All you have to do is just take one of your best customer testimonials and put it right into the ad copy box. I love this tactic. And I use it all the time because it provides that social proof that people need before they actually buy your product.

Because here's the reality 80% of people do not buy on the first touch point. So this tactic is gold in your retargeting audiences. My expert tip here would be actually to put your more shorter your peppier testimonials into your cold prospecting audiences.

But take your longer more drawn out testimonials and put those into your retargeting audiences. People who are a little bit on the fence of your product are going to actually dive into those testimonials and the added info is actually going to really help them in converting. My number two copy hack is to lead with an emotional benefit and then bullet point your best features of the product.

Again, this one does not take so much creativity. What I would do first is just simply take the best features of your product and put them into bullet point form. You can even do something fun like use emojis for every single bullet point just to add a little bit more color and a little bit more pep.

But the key here is to lead with the emotional benefit before actually listing those bullet points. But I actually find that it's a lot easier to write down the bullet points first and then write out the emotional leading point. And to be honest, honing in on the emotional benefits of your product is something that most marketers miss out on.

But on the flip side is actually a massive opportunity for smaller brands to stand out. Number three, and if you guys aren't going to test any of the other ones, you must test this one. And that is to provide an introductory offer.

To be honest, your offer is going to be the king or queen on Facebook ads. And if you've really done your audience research and you feel that your targeting is really dialed in, then your introductory offer is going to be key in getting those first few initial conversions. And plus, the way I do it also helps you build out your email list.

So what I actually like to do for this is I'll provide a discount, maybe 15 to 20% off for someone's first offer. But the key is, is that they have to sign up to your email list to get it. So here, not only are you guys going to be getting more purchases because you're giving them a discounted offer, but you're also going to be growing your email list, which is key to the sustainability of your business.

And that's it. If you guys like this video, be sure to hit me up in the comments below to let me know. I have a ton more of these copy hacks that I could share with you guys.

So there might be a part two coming your way if there's enough interest. Okay, thanks. Bye.