So how can you tell if you have creative diversity on meta ads? This is my hot take on net new versus iterative creative testing. What's up, marketers?

For all of the top brands right now and those looking to scale on meta ads, creative diversity is the number one topic at mind. It's not good enough to just have good creative anymore. We need to have a variety of great creative at a much higher volume than we've ever needed before.

And to be honest with AI, that's not going to slow down anytime soon. So I wanted to do a casual chat today about creative diversity and what I think brands and small business owners really need to know about this. I was actually on a panel this week at meta's offices, and this was the number one topic at hand.

So what is creative diversity and why is it so important? So creative diversity is essentially a creative strategy that prioritizes having a variety of ad creative formats, messaging tactics and visuals. And from meta's perspective, if you're giving the algorithm a wide range of options, it's going to have a much better time at finding your customers, especially at scale.

And meta has some amazing statistics on why this really works for brands. Like this one, for instance, and it's really tactical, which is why I want to share it with you. If you provide more than 20 creatives inside an Advantage Plus campaign, then you're going to have a 29% lower incremental cost per purchase just from having those 20 options.

And this is something that I've absolutely seen with the brands that I work with. The ones that have multiple creative winners across different formats, like in images and videos, UGC, celebrity content, whatever. Those are the brands that are succeeding.

Now, one of the next questions I often get is, okay, Dara, how can you tell if I have creative diversity, if a brand has creative diversity? Now, I actually have a way that I look out for it and it's really simple and not at all scientific. And I'm also going to share how meta does this.

And they even have a few worksheets for this for you, not sponsored by the way. So here's my way. And I do this for every single brand that I work with and people actually find it to be really, really helpful in training creatives and even media buyers and how to look out for creative diversity.

And simply put, take your top 10 to 20 ad creatives, put them all on a slide deck, put them all in a Word document, take a seat back, squint your eyes and look at them. I call this the squint test, right? And really what I'm looking at is if you're squinting at all of your ad creatives, do they all look very similar?

Do they all have a similar color profile? Do they have similar visuals? Do they have similar formats?

Are you really defaulting on UGC or image statics? Really what's going on there? This really gives you a high level view.

If you have one piece of homework from watching this video today, I would highly recommend having you and your team do that. It tends to generate some really great discussions. Now I'm going to add, so a little bit more of a scientific approach.

They actually have a cheat sheet where you can go down the different formats, the different messaging strategies, some of the different visuals, and literally check off if you are doing those. And they also have a cool audit template so that you can go even further down this process. Now I think those workshops for Meta, really, really cool.

However, it's still kind of hard to visualize, hey, like how does this actually look on the creative? Which is why I really recommend that you do my unscientific version in conjunction with their version so that you can actually see and feel, okay, this is what creative diversity looks like and feels like or not. Now I also think that there are really three levels of creative diversity from beginner, intermediate to advanced.

Let me know which one in the comments you think you are. Now what is beginner level creative diversity? When I see a brand at this stage, they are creating images and statics and carousels.

They're using creator partnership ads. So they're using a lot of the really big core formats and they're at least getting a few of those out the door every single month. Now intermediate level is actually where I find most brands are.

And what's kind of funny is I actually think a lot of people who think they are at the advanced level are actually just at the intermediate level and you're gonna figure out why. So at the intermediate level, you know a lot of the sub ad creative formats that are inside of videos or images. So when we think of statics, right, we're gonna think of our us versus them, our features call out, our headline images, right?

For our videos, we're gonna be thinking about our high five video creative that's produced in a studio. We're gonna be thinking about our creator content, our celebrity content, our mashup, mixup media content, all of these different things, right? Now, if you're watching my channel, I'm almost willing to bet that you're at least at the intermediate level.

But what about that advanced expert level, right? Now at the advanced expert level, this is really where I see brands taking an intentional effort to work with a wide variety of creators in distinctly different demographics, celebrities as well. But they're also really focusing on different messaging strategies and angles.

They are leaning into vastly different core human desires and even marketing awareness levels to really target all types of customers at scale. Now, I know a few that are watching are definitely in that advanced arena, but I only really consider a brand in that expert level if they are doing it over a very long period of time and they also have a higher volume. I'm talking like 50 plus creative tests per month.

So let's talk about some brands out in the wild that I've seen that have amazing creative diversity. These are definitely brands that you should be tracking and ones that you are probably already following to some extent, but I really like following them because I'm like, wow, I like never know what they're going to come up with, right? First one, maybe unsurprising, is Loop.

They have excellent creative diversity across the board. I actually did a squint test specifically for them on some of their top performing or at least longest running creatives. And I was really impressed, to be honest.

They have a wide range of creators making content for them and they always come up with really new and engaging statics. They do quite a few iterations as well, no doubt about it. They've found some things that really work for them, but they really also produce at a massive volume.

When I made this reel recently, they have over 5,000 live ads in their account. Can you imagine? Next brand that has great creative diversity, Happy Mammoth.

They have excellent static content, particularly. Don't get me wrong. They have quite a few creator and UGC types of content floating around, but I always tend to find that they are producing static images that I had just never thought of.

So they are really, really great for static image creative diversity as a specialty. Now, another brand that I really like to follow in the beauty industry, I also work in beauty right now, Ilya. Now, something that sticks out to me about them is they have a really great breakdown between their video content and their image content.

And I'm not gonna lie, I generally tend to find brands really veering towards one or the other, but I feel like Ilya does a really good job at being like, okay, we know what works on static and images. We also really know what works on video. And they're doing that at a much higher scale than a lot of the other brands that I'm tracking.

Final brand that I wanna bring up is Hilara. At the time of filming, they have 2,500 ads currently running, which is insane. And they really know what works and they will do things in a different color for a different product using the same format.

But what I really like about what they do is they have a really wide range of creator content and you can really tell that they're using their creators to tap into really new and unique different demographics. So they have more of the Midwestern mom style and then also some more of the East Coast elite style. They really do a good job at appealing to every woman through their creative diversity.

Do you agree with any of those? If not, let me know in the comments. Now, the final thing that I wanna talk about in regards to creative diversity is a question that I always get asked, which is, okay, when we are looking at our creative testing roadmap and we're planning out which creatives to test, what should the percentage breakdown be between net new creatives to test versus iteratives.

And when I was at that panel earlier this week at Meta, this is what I said and a lot of people had like a sharp reaction to it, but here it is on the internet forever. I think you should make 90% net new creatives. There's a few things to know about how I do creative testing and I've experienced a lot in videos, but for those of you that don't know, every time I'm gonna launch a new creative test, I'm not just launching one ad creative, right?

I'm going to be launching at least four variations. So there's already a little bit of iterative testing baked into every single creative test. Now, when I think about how to make up those variations, right?

I'm actually borrowing from past performance and past learnings. So if I'm working on a new static image headline creative, I am going to make some variations that are completely new messaging while others are borrowing from top performers before. Same thing with video creative.

If I'm working on a new piece of creator content, some of those hooks are going to be borrowed from hooks that I've known that have worked previously. And I don't really consider that an iteration. I consider it just, you know, building upon your learnings, which is what every creative strategist should be doing.

Now, when I think of what does an iterative creative test look like, this is literally taking the exact same image or video and just swapping out the hook or just swapping out the copy, but really having the bare bones of that. And to be honest, I'm only really doing iterative testing on things that have really crushed it before. So anything that's like a top performer or unicorn ad, I need to iterate that thing until it dies.

This is actually something that really worked out for me recently. So feeling really good about that winner. But, you know, there are times, of course, if I look at a creative and I say, oh, maybe we could have done better with it.

I will try an iteration. But again, since all of my creative tests have some iterative testing built and past learning is already baked into it, if something doesn't work, I'm not going to try to push it and waste money on getting something that just isn't really worth it. Let me know what you think about that.

I know it's probably an unpopular opinion. And that's it. Let me know what you think about this more casual sit-down kind of video.

I really liked vibing with you guys tonight. And I will see you next time. Bye.