That was it. I think y'all close with that. I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry. Look at these. Because it makes us think about what are we missing.

Sometimes we and Rin What's up marketers? Welcome to a day in the life of a senior director of marketing. My technical title is senior director of performance creative.

Essentially that just means that thesis I oversee all of the ad creative team. So our studio team, our post-production team, our creative director team, and our UGC division team. Now I have tons of meetings today.

I don't have my first meeting until 10 a.m. today, which is with a really big client. I also have an in-person meeting later today in Soho.

There's gonna be a lot going on today. I'm also gonna be filming two podcasts later with Savannah Sanchez. We do the purchase-optimized podcast.

Be sure to check that out. For me, my work life is completely dictated by my Google calendar, which you see here, all that blue. That is all meetings.

It is a lot. And also my to-do list. Oh, God.

What's something quick that I can do so that I can feel the slightest bit accomplished today? Okay. Now I have to review some creative for a big client of ours.

And essentially what I'm gonna be doing is adding in some additional creative strategic analysis. You know, stuff ain't easy. So that's why I'm actually hopping in for the specific creative retro.

So I'm gonna knock this out for a little bit. I'm gonna knock this out for a little bit. I've figured out my four problems at once that made me queasy.

Big weekly meeting with leadership. I know. I like a lot of them.

Here are some of the brands actually that I'm doing UGC content for. This is a new Thesis brand, which like is supposed to make your eyelashes longer. It's pretty cool.

Acton Acre. I was possibly gonna be doing some consulting with them. And then Obvi.

So I am a friend of Ashes and I actually got this box during D2C after dark. But I never got to actually film that content so I'm gonna be doing that. Now I'm also doing UGC content for this new brand.

It's a wine brand. I think it's really cool. I was doing some unboxing stuff for them yesterday.

But it's called Grazi. And they sent me a whole bunch of wine, which... Ugh.

And they sent me a whole bunch of wine and some glasses, which is really fun. And I'm actually gonna be filming some stuff with my boyfriend tomorrow, which I'm really excited about. Ah!

So I had been prepping for this big client meeting that I had ironically right before my in-person meeting. And that's what I was doing this creative analysis for. And I just found that I got pushed to next week.

Which is actually fine because I was panicking a little bit because I was trying to figure out, Okay, how am I going to finish up this strategy research, eat lunch, get to Manhattan, and I'm gonna have to take this meeting in Manhattan because that meeting is right before my in-person meet. And, well, long story short, got moved in next week, which is great. So I actually just ordered lunch.

So I'm gonna go pick it up right now and just take a deep breath for a little bit. Okay, about to eat some lunch. I just made like a sort of healthy Caesar from Sweetgreen, which is really my go-to because it's so close by to my apartment.

Frankly, this is where I check out to really go through my analytics and see what you guys are liking on the YouTube front. I will say the last video I did, y'all didn't really like so much the best TikTok ads. I knew this one was kind of a gamble because it's just like me reacting to ads and like some of you, like the super fans, are gonna like that because you really want to understand how I analyze these ads, but it's not like step-by-step education showing you a new process or anything.

So let me know what you thought of that video and if you didn't like it, like those are especially the people that I want to hear from. But, you know, can't win them all so that's just part of the game on YouTube. I decided that I am gonna go ahead and commute to the city, I'm gonna take the train.

So I'm just gonna go ahead and pack up and find a cafe in Soho that I can chill out in a little bit. For those of you that have taken meetings with me, you realize that I am now wearing red lipstick for almost all of my meetings and honestly it's just a power move. So I've been vlogging this entire day and it's kind of funny.

I feel a little bit more stressed vlogging because I feel like I have to vlog everything, but it doesn't at all feel high stakes ever. So like with my normal YouTube videos I'm like, oh my god I have to explain this in the perfect way and I have to strive for clarity, clarity, clarity. And this is just kind of like, I'm just gonna show you the kind of shit I'm doing.

This was a $10.00. Meeting just got finished. Honestly it went really well.

I love meeting people in person. It's like one of my simple pleasures after COVID. But I'm gonna go grab a cab right now and head back to Brooklyn because I have to onboard a client.

Okay finally just got out of that car. It honestly took way longer than usual because there was a lot of traffic on the bridge for some reason. But I got something very exciting in the mail.

So you can see that it says Dara Denny LLC. That's right. I'm incorporated.

Limited liability seal New York. We love to see that. Oh god what is this?

I truly have no idea what this thing is. All of my papers that say, hey you're a business. I thought I had like 10 minutes to get ready and prep for this meeting.

I have three. I'm not gonna be leading this meeting and I'm just gonna essentially jump in and do a quick intro on myself. And like what the brand can expect from...

Oh my god this just deflated. And then at 5.30 I have a podcast recording with Savannah which I'm really stoked about. Oof just out of that meeting.

It's always this time of the day where the sun is just wild. I have five minutes until I start filming my podcast with Savannah. It has been non-stop today.

The staff has an emergency so I'm gonna need to postpone either till later today or another day. Pretending to talk on YouTube bum bum bum bum. Okay.

Today we're going to talk about how to properly brief your UGC creators. What's up marketers? In today's video I'm gonna show you exactly how to brief a UGC creator so that...

I just filmed that video! Woo! Ugh!

What a day. I'm supposed to be filming with Sav in a minute. It's been a lot.

It's been a day my guys. Okay, Sav has had to reschedule a new client thing which I totally get. I've been there about a million times.

I really feel like I need to go for a walk and do some like self care stuff. What's likely gonna happen is that Facebook is gonna pull the spend into two or three of those. So what's gonna happen with the other...

Okay, I just got back. I went on my walk. I even made a TikTok because someone made a response to another one that I posted this morning.

And yeah, I'm gonna do some intentional unwinding tonight. I'm gonna order in some healthy food. I'm gonna watch my new favorite TV show, Tell Me Lies.

Anyone else watching? And just try to decompress a little bit. I often find a lot of times that I get done with thesis work around six or seven and then I eat and then I am doing consulting work until midnight or I'm cleaning until midnight.

I just don't really feel like I've had that much time recently to like sit down and decompress and I really feel like I need that now. So I'm gonna do that. But thank you so much for spending the day with me.

Let me know if you like these kind of videos and if you'd like to see more of these. I have some really fun, exciting travel and studio shoots coming up and I'd love to share them and take you guys along for the ride if you're interested. All right, that's it.

I will see you next week. Thanks so much guys. Bye.

Oh, like and subscribe. It really helps. Especially if you're like watching until this long.

It literally costs you nothing. It's the hot new thing. It's the hot new thing.

It's the hot new thing.