Buckle up, this is going to be a bit of a controversial episode and I actually think that a lot of you are going to disagree with me. What's up marketers, in today's video I am going to talk about one thing that separates newbie or amateur media buyers from the experts. And this is just going to be one thing, right?

Because there are actually several things that end up separating amateur media buyers from the mythical expert media buyers. But we're all a work in progress and we're all just trying to get by. But this one specific thing stuck out to me recently on my favorite website, Twitter.

And if y'all aren't on Twitter, that's where all the top media buyer are having these discussions every single day. So be sure to follow me over there so that you can see these conversations happening in real time. But my friend Cody, who heads up e-commerce at Jones Road Beauty, recently posted this question.

And it was such a great conversation starter and is actually something that I tend to ask people who are interviewing for media buying jobs at Thesis. To try to decipher if someone actually knows how to scale an account or not. So let's take a look at this question.

Cody asks, hypothetically, what is the better ad? Ad A that has more spend but a lower ROAS, a higher CPA but more purchases. Or Ad B, which has lower spend, a higher ROAS, lower CPA, and less purchases.

And as you can see here, most people said that Ad B was the better ad. And I completely disagree. But before we dive into why I disagree, let's give you some more background info.

The way that this would work in an ad account is that Ad A and Ad B would be in the same ad set. And again, Ad A gets more spend and more purchases. But Ad B is getting a higher ROAS and a lower CPA.

So it looks like Ad B is the better ad. And again, I love this question because it's the kind of question that really separates amateur media buyers from those who know how to scale. Or those who know how to optimize for scaling.

But before we go into the reasons why that is, let's take a look at what some other people said. So what do you think? If you had to take a guess right now, would it be A or B?

So yes, I actually did respond to this post. And this is my answer. And I said, A is the better ad because this is the classic breakdown effect.

Facebook knows that the more spend that it will be shifted to B will ultimately result in less efficiency over time. So the first question that you probably have is, what is the breakdown effect? Now, the breakdown effect is when Facebook seemingly shifts spend to an underperforming ad or ad set.

But really what is happening here is that the Facebook algorithm recognizes that if it poured more spend into the better performing ad, it would actually have less results as the spend increased when compared to the underperforming ad. I actually sometimes like to call the better performing ad low hanging fruit. The spend is simply getting the low hanging fruit from this ad or ad set.

But again, if we were to pour that same type of money that is in the worst performing ad into the better performing ad, the results would actually be a lot worse with more scale. And that's because Facebook ultimately wants to push spend to what is more scalable. And that's what ads and ad sets can get the best results over time with more money.

So again, what would almost certainly happen in the case that Cody showed us earlier, if we poured the same amount of spend into ad B, those results would ultimately be a lot worse than ad A, which is why the Facebook algorithm optimized to shift more spend to ad A. And that's why that is actually the better performing ad. Now the caveat here is that the breakdown effect is really only applicable to brands that are beginning to scale.

So if you're operating with minimal budget, say under 10K per month, you're probably ultimately going to be optimizing for those ads that have lower spend, but seemingly have better results, which actually could affect your performance over time. It's something you have to be really careful about, especially if you're a brand or a media buyer that sees that Facebook is always shifting your spend to underperforming ads. It's actually not what's happening.

What's happening is that Facebook recognizes that the ad that has more scale potential, that's where they're trying to shift your money. So for all brands, the advice that I would give them is pay attention to where Facebook is actually shifting your dollars. Don't automatically assume that the Facebook algorithm is broken or that Facebook isn't right for your brand because Facebook is seemingly shifting spend to underperforming ads.

Again, what is actually happening here is the breakdown effect. For some reason, Facebook thinks that your ad that is the underperformer is actually more scalable over time. Because again, what would most certainly happen is if you push more spend to your better performing ad, those results would rapidly deteriorate.

Ultimately, take a look at the patterns and the type of creative that Facebook chooses to push more spend for your brand. Because those are actually probably the top performers as opposed to the ones that get a better ROAS or even have a lower CPA. Ultimately, the things that you want to look for are the most spend and the most purchases.

And if you can cross analyze those two things, that's where you're really going to find your top performers, not necessarily those that have the highest ROAS or the highest CPA. Now, Facebook does have a little tutorial that goes through the breakdown effect in detail. I am going to link that below so that you guys can take a look at it.

But to be honest, I don't see many media buyers talking about this. And that's why I was really glad that Cody started this conversation. Because I think it is something that I hear a lot from other brands or newbie media buyers.

Why is Facebook pushing my spend to underperforming ads? It's really not. But those are the ads that are more scalable or deemed more scalable by the Facebook algorithm.

And I'm going to be really honest. There have been times when I'm conducting creative tests and I see that a certain ad actually has a lot better results, higher ROAS, lower CPA, and it's not getting enough spend. And I'll actually turn off the ad that's getting the most spend.

And you know what happens? Ultimately, the results in the creative test is a failure or none of those are graduated to my core campaign because ultimately the results just aren't sustainable. This is something that I see play out over and over and over again.

And I feel like as a media buyer who works with brands who are rapidly scaling, the breakdown effect is something that I see almost on a daily basis, especially when you're launching tons of creative tests every single week. So it's definitely something for you guys to be aware of. Again, I can't tell you how many times I've heard from young media buyers saying, Facebook is shifting my spend to underperforming ads.

That's not what that is. It is the breakdown effect. And you have to be aware of that as a media buyer so that you know ultimately what types of creatives are scalable.

Ultimately, you're going to have to look for the amount spent and the number of purchases. And those are the two things that I'd really suggest that you guys optimize your campaigns for. And that's it.

This is a little short and sweet episode to break up our midweek. But I'm really curious about your guys' take. Which one do you think is the better ad?

I know that some of you guys are operating with smaller budgets, even some of you using under $3,000 per month. And when you're looking at these numbers, you're thinking, wow, if I was spending $20,000 and I had these results, I'd be stoked. So really try to minimize the spend and the ROAS and the CPA to numbers that would make sense for your brand.

And then you can see this come to life a little bit more. I've seen the breakdown effect happen for brands that are spending under $5,000 per month. And again, those are scaling rapidly to over $500,000.

So it's definitely something to be aware of. And especially as you guys are looking at new creatives to develop, be sure to take a look where Facebook is shifting your spend. That actually tells me that those are more of the top performers as opposed to the ones that get the higher ROAS.

So I would actually start taking more creative learnings from what gets higher spend in your ad accounts. And that's it. Thank you so much, guys.

I will see you on Sunday. Bye.