It's no secret, Facebook ads are not working like they used to. And sorry, I normally have a really big, great setup here, but I kind of just wanted to have a more intimate conversation with you guys about the problems that I'm seeing with meta ads today in 2024. Performance is down.

It seems like there's a confirmed bug of some sort. And honestly, brands are rethinking a lot right now. They're firing agencies, reducing staff, reducing budgets.

And some of them are getting rid of meta altogether right now. So this video is about what you can do right now. These are the things that I'm talking about every day with the brands that I work with and the things that we're focusing on so that we can be one of the 2024 success stories.

And there are some brands that are actually crushing it right now. More on that in a bit. So this video is going to focus on the three things that you can do this week, even if you feel like the algorithm is working against you.

And no, I'm not going to just tell you to test more creatives. This is going to be more strategic advice. So even though the golden age of Facebook ads is over, I do know plenty of brands are still winning.

And these are the things that they know. The first thing that brands and agencies and freelancers need to know is this. You need to know what you can control and what you can't.

Let's go down the list of the things that you can control right now. You can control your paid social strategy. So things like your account structure, the creatives you're testing, the certain products that you're testing, your CRO and landing page strategy.

You can also control your product strategy. So you can control which products you're pushing out at what time, your bundling strategy, and even potential markets to focus on within those core products. And you can control your budget.

You can control things as simple and easy to understand as your platform budget. So how much are you going to spend on meta this week, this month, today? You can also, to a certain extent, control your expenses, how much you're willing to pay certain team members, certain agencies, software, tools, whatever.

And yes, you can control the number of people that are on your team and what they're doing with their day-to-day. I know the budget conversation tends to make certain team members feel uncomfortable, but at the end of the day, that budget is something that you can control. The fourth and final thing that I feel like we all need reminded of that is well within our control is communication is within our control.

So the communication within your internal teams. It is within your control to let your team members know, hey, we're seeing a softer performance on meta today, last few days, last few weeks. And also letting them know the type of chatter that you see in your online communities, like Twitter, for instance, or inside of your paid groups, like the Foxwell membership.

And being as open and transparent as you possibly can with your team members, lets them know that you're on it. It's the same thing when working with agencies. To be honest, teams with bad communication will absolutely be the first ones to get cut.

And the golden rule that I'm always following when working with external team members or with agencies is you have to be honest, you have to be proactive, and you have to make a plan. Even if that plan requires research and dealing exactly what type of research you need so that you can make an informed decision. I've never gotten angry at a team member for saying, hey, actually, I need to look back at some data points, or I need to talk to a few other team members to get their opinion so that I can make a more informed decision.

You should never feel like, especially in the moment on a client call or in a meeting with your team members, that you have to have all the answers in that moment. But something that really helps is detailing how you're going to make that plan and always having a plan in the back of your pocket. Well, this video has already just been about things that you can control, right?

What are the things that you can't control? It's just as important to understand what you can't control because those are going to make you be able to anticipate your response to those external factors. So what are the things that you can't control?

Number one, you can't control your competition. You cannot control your competitor's strategy. You can't control what types of products and angles and creatives they're going to test at any given time.

You can't control their budgets, which can impact you, especially if you have a bigger competitor who's taking up more of that market share, right? You cannot control what others spend. And this is really important to understand because we are in an election year in 2024, which means that billions of dollars are going to be poured into the meta ads platforms.

That's for different political parties, which means that there's going to be less inventory. Our prices are going to go up. That's a guarantee.

And there's several different external factors that tend to impact buying behavior or your purchase cycles. For instance, the day that I'm filming this is tax day. For some markets, they're going to see this as an amazing opportunity because they have some extra dollars in their pocket from their tax reimbursement or whatever, while some other markets are like, wow, I just paid a huge tax bill.

So I don't really feel like spending on something that isn't completely necessary for me right now or that doesn't have a benefit. Other things that you can't control are things like holidays and seasonality, but you can absolutely prepare for those, which is amazing. So yes, certain holidays, we're going to see weaker or stronger performance.

Stronger performance for things like Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Q4. Weaker for things like, oh, I don't know, actual Christmas day potentially. It really depends.

And you know, the weather is starting to warm up. I tend to see softer performance in the summer months versus early spring, fall, and winter because less people are going to be on their phones. So again, this is where we're thinking about more, less of that inventory, less of those eyeballs.

Other things that you can't control, political events. We already talked about political spending, but also tragic events, specifically moments that really capture attention and emotion. Maybe you had plans to 2, 3, 4x your spend in a certain amount of time, but it happens to coincide with a tragic event or a seasonality factor where you're seeing softer performance in general.

Knowing those things is going to help you be a lot more strategic in how you are actually approaching the things that you can't control. Number two. Wow.

Can you believe that was only the first thing that we were going over? What you can control, what you can't control. Very important to know.

The second thing is this. You need to reconsider your strategy, potentially. Not necessarily your tactics.

And lean in because people generally have to pay me for this type of advice. But something that's really important to understand is that brands that perform the best in 2024 generally have two things going on. Number one, their product or their brand is super problem solution oriented and can be exploited with a key human desire.

The truth is, is that if your product or brand is more problem solution oriented in nature and you are agitating that problem, you are a lot more likely to get people to spend and become a customer because they believe that they are solving something in their lives. It's not just superfluous. It makes it a lot more easier for them to say, yeah, you know, budgets are a little tight.

There's a lot going on in the world. Maybe you pop up on their social feeds every now and then. But if you were really attaching your product to a problem and position yourself as a solution for that, it makes it a lot easier for them to say yes to that.

The second thing, which I think is a lot harder, but if you can nail it and get it right, it's an unfair advantage, is if you can figure out an underserved market to serve. Maybe you work in a certain industry that doesn't typically serve a certain demographic or a certain age group or a certain career path. All of these things are ripe to be exploited in the ethical way, which means that if you have figured out that, hey, there's a market that our specific solution hasn't really ever been talked about in the industry or, you know, amongst your competitors, that could be a really big advantage for you as a brand.

Now, some underserved markets that I've witnessed over the last two years are, you know, people who are 55 plus. This is great because they tend to have quite a bit of buying power. They also tend to be on their phones and on their devices a little bit more.

They're not as wrapped up in the career rat race. And they do have real problems that they want solutions for. Another underserved market could potentially be women in tech or women in leadership positions that are advancing in their career, right?

That's also an aspirational one so that you can potentially get people ahead of when they're actually ready to be in that market. But to be honest, if your brand isn't really focused on one or two of these things, ideally both, then I really think that you are going to struggle in 2024. And I do not have a magic antidote to make that better for you.

So clothing brands and apparel brands, accessories brand, for instance, that aren't a little bit more problem solution oriented in nature. This also goes for skincare and beauty brands. I think that that's going to be quite a bit tougher over the next few months, especially as inventory is drying up a little bit more.

And as, you know, honestly, people are trying to be outside. They're trying to enjoy without spending as much time on their phones and money. So my suggestion here is you really need to dive deeper on your customer.

See if there's a new market to explore. And as far as your creative strategy, yes, this is an excellent time to test as many problem solution oriented hooks and angles as you can. And number three on the topic of creative strategy, it is the time to focus your creative strategy a little bit more and be a lot more strategic with it.

So a lot of brands and even agencies that I've worked with over the last few months, I've really noticed that a lot of them are kind of on the hamster wheel of turning out content and they aren't taking a super strategic approach to prioritizing creative tests. It's a big problem I see in the industry in general is it really just feel like there's, you know, there's a quota to be met and they're trying to meet that quota. And sometimes quality really varies amongst the different types of creative tests.

And if you find that your team is in this negative cycle, check out the performance creative course that I made. It's a great antidote for that. But there are two key areas that I suggest that you really step into and make sure you have your bases covered.

Number one, when I begin working with a brand or when I'm analyzing a brand's creative strategy, I always make sure that they've tested out all of the key formats that we know perform well on paid social. And I feel like you guys have heard me say this a million times. So excuse me if this feels a little redundant, but I do often suggest doing rapid format testing.

There's a few reasons why I suggest this. Number one, Meta's new hook rate is more like one second. So how your ad shows up visually on someone's phone is going to be a huge determination in overall performance.

I also find that different formats inherently lend themselves to different parts of the overall marketing journey. Some are going to be more problem aware. Some are going to be more product or even brand aware.

And some are really just getting the people that are almost on the ledge, right? They're getting ready to buy, but they just need that extra push. Also, I find that teaching formats is a lot easier to teach team members.

And teaching them how to identify those different formats is way easier than trying to give them some bigger, broader lesson based on where they are in the marketing journey. I often find that that's a little harder to grasp over the short term. But if you can start with the formats and then envelop messaging and more imagery tactics later on, teams tend to get it a lot more.

Now, number two, underneath this creative strategy focus, you need to consider your scale and which part of the marketing journey your winners and your creative strategy as a whole tends to be marketing at. So, for instance, if you are scaling up quite a bit and you feel like you've hit a ceiling, maybe you're spending $500K to $1 million per month. And you're like, oh, I feel like we're not able to get enough juice out of meta right now.

One of the big things that I find is the blocker there is a lot of their creative winners are a bit too further down funnel. And they need to move their messaging strategies and their tactics and formats to fit a more problem or unaware type of customer. So if they end up creating and developing creative winners from the problem aware type of customer versus the solution aware customer, what they're going to be able to do is actually build a creative that is a lot more scalable and won't reach as fatigued as quickly.

I think we've heard several times that, hey, you can actually get a creative that will make or break your business. And oftentimes what I found is this creative is a problem aware one. Remember going back to that problem solution advice that I was giving earlier.

But, you know, that's why I think a lot of times brands can get quick and easy wins, especially if they're just starting off from being us versus them related because they aren't trying to convince a customer of the solution. They're just trying to convince them that they are the right solution to their problem or at least the right brand. A hack too that I have for this to encourage brands to think more out funnel is to think about what types of educational content they can create.

More how to oriented content, more tutorial based content, more listicle based content. This is my three reasons why it can be really successful. But if you think a little bit more education minded versus DR performance based, in some cases this can lead to really big wins.

And that's it for today. I'm curious how you guys feel about this sit down video. You know, I generally have a really big setup that I use, but I just kind of wanted to like sit here and vibe with you guys a little bit more casually like I used to do.

Let me know if that's your thing and I'll see you next week. Bye.