What's up marketers? 10 brands sent us two pieces of AdCreative each, one winner and one loser, and we're going neck to neck to decide which one is the winner. So it's me, Dara Denny versus Alex Cooper, founder of AdCreat versus Twitter versus the streets.

I say what the book is on my mind. I don't give a shit. You know, I feel manipulated, but I'm down with it.

It looks like a vibrator. So let's jump into it and see who wins. By the way, whoever loses is buying dinner tonight.

And you chose an expensive restaurant. I may have done. All right.

This is an interesting one. I thought long and hard about this. I actually changed my mind after talking to the public, isn't it?

You know, the public also changed my mind on this one. I'm going to go out there and say I picked Ad2. Oh, interesting.

What did you pick? I picked Ad1. So the public made you go from two to one?

Yes. Interesting. Why?

Number one, when I was talking to the public, the thing that they constantly pointed out was that they couldn't actually tell what the product was. This is one. Two.

Number one. One. One.

One. Yeah. One.

The word popcorn. I was like, oh, it's popcorn because it's not too clear in the picture. It took me a while for that to process those words.

And also, I guess, like having the swear word is, you know, it's a bit edgy. It must be great. Yeah.

But yeah, definitely the first one. I agree. If you didn't know if it was popcorn, yes.

I think you're advertising the bowl there. You need to learn. To be honest.

So the data here is really clean. There's only one variable that's different here with these two ads, and that's the messaging. So that's really what we're honing in on here.

They thought that maybe the product was the bowl. And when they actually saw the word popcorn, that helped them realize that, oh, that is what the actual product is, not the bulk. So like, it's really hard, especially as a user, when you're trying to look at your friends, your friends post or your other favorite brands post, and this ad comes up.

I think it's going to be really hard to understand without that messaging of, oh, hey, this is popcorn. That helps. I go for number one.

Number one. One or two? One.

One, two. One. One, two.

No, no, no. Well, that's confusing. I like one.

The fact that you're using swear words is very enticing. This is like a taboo. It's a taboo, right?

I do like number one. It will stick in your head because people will say, do you remember the advert that says, expletive delicious? Do you understand what I mean?

So it's probably going to get a bit more attention, I think. What did you see still? Look, I think what I realized when I was talking to the public was that you found that younger people tended to go for number one and older people tend to go for number two.

I don't think that younger people are buying this product. Oh. I think that people who are actually going to buy popcorn are families.

Yeah. Families who are buying it for their kids for a healthy-ish snack. Number one is going to get your attention more.

I think that people who are actually buying from what people said yesterday, they are turned off by this kind of taboo advertising. Yeah. And they're more likely to click one ad too.

You know, I feel manipulated, but I'm down with it. Why do you feel manipulated by the second ad? Well, because it's so good.

It's, you know, it's so few words, the message comes straight across. It's like the one-inch punch. The fonts and the message sticks out so much on the first, they actually can't see the popcorn.

Whereas with the other one, the star of the show is the writing. And I think, yeah, words are great, but, you know, you know, we're visually literate enough to be able to be brainwashed by the photo too. So, so you think whoever put this ad together should be quite proud of themselves.

Yeah, definitely. What did Twitter say? Uh, ad one.

Okay. By the majority. Okay.

Okay. The public said ad one. Okay.

But we talked to a lot of young folks out on the streets of London yesterday. We did. So I think we were entirely skewed.

The winner. Yeah. And ad two.

God bless. Oh, you're not going to be great. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Damn.

I just think that that ad one is a turnoff for the people who are actually going to buy the products. Yeah. Or the people that I think would buy the products.

Yeah. Tough one. Very difficult one.

That could have gone either way. Yeah. All right.

Let's get to the next one. All right. So here we've got an image and a video ad.

Image ad. Pretty simple. Organized and display of confidence.

Let's watch the video. Are you spending all your hard earned money on sneakers just to keep them locked away in dusty, unorganized cardboard boxes? It's time to change that with some look-see design displays.

It's fully stackable design, dust resistant, and fully transparent. Over 10,000 modern collectors have chose to keep their collections displayed with look-see designs. You know, I have written down ad one, but I kind of want to choose ad two now.

I just, for ad two though, the thing that's kind of holding me back here is I don't think that the tracker text was actually the bestest like choice here in terms of treatment wise. Which one do you think? I actually picked number one.

And the reason I did is because I don't think this visual is that undesirable. A lot of guys dream of having a massive shoe collection like this. I think if you're going to portray this problem, which by the way, is a very valid problem, and the product solves this, I think that you can do a better job with this opening visual of communicating that and agitating that problem.

What I would have loved to see is some kind of split screen where you're comparing the massive stack of shoe boxes versus the very clean organization of the product. To me, I'm looking at this and I'm thinking, well, it's not that bad. I am going to go with ad one.

You're going to go with ad one. I think too, when I was looking at, when I was talking to some people on the streets about this particular ad, a few people actually said, hey, this doesn't look like an ad to me. They're like, oh, wait, that's an ad, which I do think is part of the reason why I chose this one.

Which one did you like better? Two, for sure. Yeah, it was just much better filmed, showed a lot of different shots.

It looks pretty good. I preferred number two as well. Yeah, I just think number one was quite basic.

It didn't really look like an advert. There's a lot of different ways you could frame this ad. You could do like a features point out ad so that you could have a lot more of those interesting value props around this or like, you know, add something that's a, that leans in a little bit more towards the benefits because I see something like this and I don't actually get, oh, it's like UV protected, but maybe like people assume that they're sneaker heads.

It's just like not my world. What did Twitter said? 50-50 split.

Oh, yeah, I can see that. It was a tough one. Yeah.

The public, they said that too. Interestingly enough, the wearers, static and public. Let's go.

Yeah. That very easily could have gone both ways. Yeah.

Zilker belts. Oh, yeah. Zilker belts.

It's interesting. When we were talking to the public yesterday, nearly everyone said ad one, right? Which one do you guys prefer?

Nothing. No, this one. Number one.

I think the first one. I would say the number one. Why?

Because there's a booty there. Because of... Yeah, there's a booty there.

Everyone wants to see how it looks on, right? Yeah. There's a physical person that's actually wearing it.

Seeing what it looks like on is better than just a, so to speak, a slideshow. Yeah. There we go.

I love that. Thank you. More ass, right?

Yeah, more ass, man. Because they like to see the product in action. They liked being able to see it on an actual person.

And also, this person sort of exemplifies who this belt is for, right? When you're doing apparel, it's much better if it's on an actual person. So the reason that I chose add one, or it is for that reason, when you're selling apparel, you're not selling a solution to a problem, right?

You're just selling the vision of this is what you're going to look like. This is what you're going to feel like when you try this on. Like in my experience, it has been very difficult to sell items when you're not actually showing them in action.

What did the streets say? The second one's more to the point. Why?

Because it's more detailed. It's more appealing to the eye. Why?

I mean, that's too much ass. So like, nah, not even. Do you feel like you're a cowboy?

Depends what you're doing, but yeah. Why number one? It's like, there's a picture.

So like, you're more like tempted to look at it, see what the picture's are. And you probably read that when you're looking at the belt. Why?

Because it's got the cowboy theme on it. It looks good. And I can imagine myself going, ah, that tan type denim.

Yeah, I prefer number one. Amazing. I mean, you struck me as a cowboy.

So I get... Add one. Yeah.

Twitter said add two. I figured Twitter. Twitter thought they were going to be smart on this one.

Yeah, 60 miles. Yeah. And the winner is add one.

Yeah. Yeah. There we go.

And the streets know their stuff, don't they? The streets showed up. The streets definitely did show up.

This will be a really fun one to look at. Nude. All right.

So we've got a hand drawn artist from Tara D. Showing us the product and the problem they're solving. And then we've also got this slightly more produced ad with a...

What you could call direct call out. Now, what I found interesting when we spoke to the streets was originally, everyone was drawn to add number two. Which one do you think did better?

I would say the second one. The second one. Number two.

Yeah, number two. Two. Two.

But then we started quizzing them and asking them, okay, just because that's the one that you would immediately look at. If this came up on your Instagram feed, would you actually stop to read this? Do you not think though, if you saw that in your Instagram feed, that you might just think, you might realize it's an ad straight away and you scroll straight past it?

Yeah. Yeah. I'm just playing devil's advocate.

Like, I'm not saying... No, no, no, I get that. Yeah.

Yeah, I'd probably go past it. If you had to guess which one of these drove more sales, which one would you say? Number one or number two?

I'd say number one. I think the reason that I didn't pick ad number one is that it almost feels a little bit too much, not like an ad. And I look at this and I'm almost like, right, well, I don't know at the end of it, I'm supposed to click through to the website and there's a product that I should be buying.

Like, I think this is just something that pops up on my Instagram feed and I don't really know what to do next. Why? Because like, I see visuals, I see what it's about.

I think the reason because it's actually targeted and it's got straight to the point. It looks like a vibrator. That's it.

It's targeted. If you're looking at the doodle, it's like, what am I looking at? You're not really like seeing the product, you don't see what they're doing.

It's not really targeted to an audience as such. It's called nude as well. It's nude, like a naked chicken.

So yeah. There we go. You guys are definitely going to be in the video.

Well done. Amazing. High five.

I say what the fuck is on my mind. I don't give a shit. I want to go for ad number two.

I'm going for ad number two. What does Twitter say? So I said ad two.

The street said ad two. And the winner is ad two. Yeah.

Unanimous ad two. Good. I need to bulk up my numbers.

Thanks, nude. I also think the FDA cleared is important, particularly to women. Like this type of technology for laser hair removal, traditionally for women, we would have to pay thousands and thousands of dollars.

Looking at something like this, there is a question of, okay, if this is something you can do at home yourself, is it actually safe? Mm-hmm. And so I really like that they have that FDA cleared value prop right at the top, because that is definitely something that for people who are interested in laser hair removal are going to wonder.

What is the product? This one's tough, because I think that they're both not super well executed, and I'm still not exactly clear about what the product does or who it's supposed to be serving. I'm not in love with this first one.

I think we're probably asking the readers to do a little bit too much work. I don't know what we're supposed to look at first here. The text is all in the same font, all in the same style, and all the same size.

Whereas the second ad, we've got very simple imagery and headline, going into healthy body over is optional. It's difficult, but that probably one I pick. Yeah.

I also picked number two. I think that also the placement of the product in the shower is also helping me understand where this is going to fit into the routine potentially. Yeah.

And it's also like, I'm able to zoom in immediately on that messaging. That's like, okay, I guess this product is happening in the shower, and I'm going to have a lack of body odor as a result of that. Where about to add two?

Yeah. Okay. The streets said add two.

Add two. I think the second one. I agree, yeah.

I'm going to go with number two on this one. For me, number two. Why do you like number two the best?

I don't know. It's simple. I think you can actually see the product, so it's important.

I kind of prefer the image of the second one. So, what did Twitter said? Two.

Two. Two. Add two.

Okay. The winner is add one. God fucking damn it.

No way. That's crazy. 12 free purchases.

What? I think we're tied now. No, you still had me.

Yeah, fuck. We're tied, aren't we? No, no.

Head by one. Yeah, head by one. No, no.

Sean. Sean. No, no.

I'm going to need to count the votes. Count the votes. It's not by one, is it?

Okay. So, you're two ahead of it. All right.

That's a Denny special. So, you're going to pull some more fast tricks like this. So, if you can get out of paying for dinner tonight.

That's all it is. He chooses an expensive restaurant in London and then it has me pay for it. If you want to see the results of this challenge, be sure to go over to Alex Cooper's YouTube channel, like and subscribe so that you can see which one of us is the winner.

Yeah, we're going to be posting that video next week. There's some more really cool ad creators that we went through and some pretty interesting responses from the street. So, make sure you subscribe to catch that video.