What's up marketers? In today's video, I want to talk about the four types of Facebook ads creative that you need to use in your accounts in 2022. Your ad creative is the number one factor in determining your success on the Facebook ads platform.

Not your account setup, not your bidding strategy, and not even your targeting. Most of Facebook's targeting and optimizing abilities are being automated or phased out in some way, so your creative is literally the number one lever that you have to pull on the platform. Additionally, I'm a director of growth at the agency thesis, and I'd actually say that the biggest part of my job is actually figuring out which creative strategies our clients should be running.

So this is not an area that you should be skimping out on. It actually requires a lot of thought and a lot of time. And these are the four ad creative strategies that I'm actually seeing the most success with right now.

In fact, the third strategy that I'm going to be sharing with you actually cut one of my clients' CPA in half practically overnight. Here's a little hint. And we've continued to replicate that strategy across other clients with very similar results.

So let's go ahead and dive into these four strategies. So the first ad strategy that I want to talk about today is what internally at thesis we call the stepwise ad. And essentially, this is an explainer type video that breaks down our client's product or service into a series of steps that we then explain using text overlay.

Now, the way that I like to approach this strategy first is I like to break down our client's product or service into anywhere from three to five steps. And then I like to rapidly test different types of hooks that we can then place at the beginning, something like how to or three reasons why or even using a bold statement in quotations. Another thing that we also like to do with this strategy is use that annoying TikTok robot voice.

Three reasons why I use Daily Harvest and stopped ordering takeout. I personally hate it as a user, but it really does tend to perform pretty well. So that's definitely something that you should test with this strategy.

Now, I think a brand that does this really well is pros. They are really good at rapidly testing different types of hooks to see what's going to work best and attract their customers. But they also aren't afraid to try out different types of imagery and different types of text overlay.

So be sure to check them out if you are interested in trying out this strategy. Now, the second type of ad creative that I want to talk about is actually the easiest type to make. So at a bare minimum, everyone watching this video definitely can create this type of ad, but it's also really worth your time because often I see this outperforming everything else in an ad account.

And this is just simply raw testimonial UGC. So often really gritty, raw UGC without all the bells and whistles of extra lighting, nice sound, and without being recorded with the nicest iPhone or anything is often something that I see beating out everything else in an ad account. Sometimes it's really these simple ad creatives that end up working the best, even if they're not that pretty.

In fact, I've often seen this type of ad be out the UGC that required multiple brief edits and was collabed across multiple teams. And I think it's because this feels the most authentic. This really does feel like one of your customers took their phone and did a really quick review and then posted it to Instagram stories.

It feels a lot less like bullshit, frankly. So the way that I would approach this type of ad creatives is think about what a rave review would actually look like from one of your customers. And a good place to start is look at actual reviews that you've gotten from your customers and think about how you could boil that down into a 15 second testimonial ad.

I think this verb energy ad is a really great example because you can see she filmed it in her car. You can still hear the background of the car noise going, but it's really effective. And she used that text overlay to help frame a little bit more of the story.

So again, this is something that everyone watching this video has the capability to make, and it's going to be really well worth your time. If you can think of a few different value props, you want to highlight in short little bits, film those as a raw testimonial and you'll do it. And you'll see what you're going to do.

And the third ad that I'm going to be talking about today is the post-it note ad, as I like to call it internally. Now this is literally my most favorite ad to make right now. And like I said at the beginning of this video, it cut one of my clients CPAs in half practically overnight, which was crazy.

And I like to think of it as an explainer ad that uses the post-it notes to explain your client's product or service. And what's really cool too about this ad is that it does require quite a bit of upfront strategy about what you're actually going to put on these post-it notes. And if you're a perfectionist like me, you're probably going to write out the post-it notes a million times.

In fact, I have several of these post-it notes just inside of my desk right now that are everywhere, because if it doesn't look pretty, then I'm going to just throw it away. But once you actually figure out what you're going to write, write it out on all the post-it notes, I've actually found that the more simple the imagery actually, the better the ad performs. And I think it's because people are a lot less distracted by what's going around in the background and a lot more focused on the message and deciding if the message is important to them.

If you were going to try to making one ad in 2022, this would definitely be the ad that I would recommend for you guys to try out. Seriously, it has done some amazing things for not just one, but several of my clients at Thesis. So I actually almost did not want to tell you guys to do this one because this is one of those like secret things that I think, hmm, maybe I shouldn't tell them this because it's so good, but I really don't hold anything back on this channel.

So post-it notes, for real do this. Now, number four, the last ad strategy that I want to talk about is going to be a little controversial because technically Facebook says that you can't do it. And this is going to be a before or after or a transformation ad.

Now, being able to show the transformation of someone before they use your product and after they use your product is obviously very powerful. And I've seen this ad type actually become a top performer across a few accounts lately, but you do have to use it with extreme caution as Facebook explicitly states that you are not allowed to use before and after images that show idealized results. However, in my experience, I've seen that this mostly applies to cosmetic or weight loss type of ads.

Being able to show what your client's life looks like with the product or service, and then also being able to show your client's life without your product or service. And I would encourage you to play around with the different ways that you can showcase that and also phrase that. I think this is a really good example of the type of ad that hits on a before and after transformation without being explicitly before and after, as it shows what the mascara looks like with the product and without the product.

So if you can think of some way to showcase your product or service like that, then I would definitely give it a try. And unfortunately for me, for one of my clients, this is actually one of the top performers in their ad account right now. I couldn't actually believe that my editor chose that before image, but it is what it is.

It ended up being really good ads. So you got to do what you got to do. And that's it.

If you guys are still watching this video, that actually tells me that you really care about the types of ad creatives that you're testing in your Facebook ads account or in your TikTok accounts or in your Snapchat accounts. And that's really good. That's a really good sign because it truly is the most important thing that's determining your success on the platform.

And something that I've been thinking about recently is I feel that I actually have a lot more to give in this particular section of Facebook ads advertising. So I've actually considered coming up with a UGC course where I could show you guys step-by-step how to make UGC ads that convert on Facebook and TikTok. And if that's something that you guys would be interested in, please let me know in the comments below I've asked a few times on Twitter and there does seem to be a little bit of interest.

So if you guys really are interested in something like that, something that's going to be super step-by-step, something where I show you the actual templates and UGC briefs that I use at Thesis, let me know because I'd really like to share more of this information with you guys. And I think a course might be the coolest way to do it. But if you agree, let me know in the comments below.

And that's it. I will see you guys next time. Later.

Bye.