I'm going to start this video off with a bold statement about Facebook ads, and that is, in 2020, your creative is the most important factor in determining your success with your Facebook ads. Yes, more important than your account structure, more important than your fancy bidding strategies, and even more important than your targeting. The reality is if you do not nail your Facebook ad creative, and that means that's the actual part of the Facebook ad that your potential customers are seeing, you've already lost.

And what I'm going to show you in this video is I'm going to show you the kind of ads that actually convert and make those purchases. So for those of you that don't know, I am a director of paid social at a fully, so every single day I spearhead the paid social strategy for all of our clients. And lately, my job has changed to be way more about creative.

And what that involves actually is teaching our clients how to develop that creative or collaborating with other creators to get that creative developed. And that's what we're going to talk about today, the exact process I use to create content that converts on Facebook ads. So the general consensus is that video does tend to do better on Facebook ads.

But now the trend is that mobile first video is doing best on Facebook ads. And I'm going to break down what mobile first video is for you exactly. Number one, mobile first video is made to be used on a mobile device.

So this is the kind of thing that is optimized to be viewed on your phone. And there are several different kinds of criteria that make something mobile first. Number one, you want that video to be five to 15 seconds long, any longer than that, you're going to lose them because it's just going to be too long.

Number two, you're going to want your video to be designed for the sound off. So you want to have subtitles or you want it to be completely optimized to be viewed without the sound. Because the reality is a lot of people scrolling through their social feeds aren't even going to have their sound on.

Number three, the kind of format you actually want for these videos is for it to be viewed like this. So you're going to want something that's nine to 16 aspect ratio, or even five to four, something I've seen work really well. I've even been testing videos that have been optimized more for Instagram stories and placing them directly on the feed.

And sometimes those do really well. And the last two elements that are really crucial for mobile first creative are quick, fast movements in the video so that it helps stop the scroll and get your potential customers attention. And you're going to also want to keep your logo within the first five seconds of that video so that you can have that brand recognition early on.

And now I want to actually show you some examples of my favorite mobile first creative that I actually give off as templates to my clients. You're going to be able to see all these examples on facebook.com slash ad slash library, where you can actually see all of the active ads for brands and companies that are currently running Facebook ads. So this is a super valuable tool.

So two of my favorite brands to use as examples to give to clients when they're developing their first rounds of mobile first creative is Lululemon and Athleta. I know these are pretty similar companies, but they've actually boiled down their mobile first video creative strategy to the exact template that I just shared with you. And I know what you're thinking, maybe you don't have any video creative, or maybe you don't have enough capital to go out and create video creative like Lululemon and Athleta.

That's totally fine. And in fact, if that's the case, there are two major ways I really like to encourage my clients to create video content anyways. And that's going to be with slideshows or GIFs or with user generated content.

Now for slideshows and GIFs, there's actually a few different ways that I like to do this. And it can be the easiest way to get some quick video up and running if they don't have any there yet. But it also, you know, allows for different ways to test new kinds of video creative.

So I want to dive into that really quick. Like I said, number one, you can simply take the best performing images, add them to a slideshow and have that movement. I tend to find that this works really good in the top of funnel as sort of a test against, you know, the best performing static images.

And another way I like to try using these GIFs is by adding some text to create that movement instead of, you know, having the slideshow be different images, kind of something like this. And, you know, in addition to those GIFs and those slideshows, user generated content has actually been a vital part of the creative strategy that I've been rolling out with my clients lately. In a way that I really like to do that, that I find is really cheap and pretty much any brand or company can do it is in the form of customer testimonials.

And what's really engaging about this is that you'll actually direct your customers to take their review or their testimony directly from their mobile device. So kind of like how you would be on Instagram stories doing a review of a product. That's exactly what we want.

You can do this by creating a, you know, robust full ambassador program via email, or you can do a special offer with people who've already bought your product. I think the biggest thing to take away too, when developing video content for your brand is to not think about it so much and to think about what you might post on Instagram stories and what feels really engaging. I've actually been directing my clients to try filming an Instagram story or even a Tik Tok, and then using that content, editing it down a bit, and then posting that directly as an ad, because this is what we find is working a lot more.

We don't find that the big productions are actually working too much because people can tell what's an ad and what's not, and they don't like feeling like they're being marketed to. So when a brand can actually get on their level, create content that's engaging and feels authentic, that's when we're seeing a lot bigger wins from Facebook. And again, if you're really unsure about where to start, I would definitely start in the ads library with your competitors or with other brands that you really admire to see what they're doing and use their videos as templates to create your own versions.

There's no reason why you should go and reinvent the wheel, especially when big brands are finding success from these strategies. You can go ahead and use that as your own customer research and then apply it to your video creation. What I was really hoping to accomplish with this video was to make people feel less intimidated by video.

I know that video can feel really intimidating, especially if you're on a short budget, and maybe if you don't feel like you're influencer ready or whatever. It's just, you know, you just kind of have to put yourself out there and try something and see what works. And I gotta tell you, like sometimes really it's the gifts made from your iPhone that you've done a total hack job of a video edit on that end up really making the best conversions and the best bang from your buck on Facebook ads.

And that's really all I got today. If you guys have seen a dope ad on Facebook, send it to me, put it in the comments or send it to me on Twitter. I love seeing the kind of different ads that you guys are seeing and what actually converts well and especially what attracts you as a marketer or as a business owner.

So that's all I got. I will see you next week. See ya!

Just kidding. Before I go, I just wanted to say be on the lookout for next week video where I am going to tell you my number one piece of advice for the upcoming 2020 Black Friday, Cyber Monday season. You won't want to miss it.

See ya! Really goodbye.