Hey friends, today's video is about Facebook ads 2021 and the five strategies you will need to be successful. Now 2020 has been crazy for our personal lives and for businesses and this is even more true for digital advertising and e-commerce. And you know CBMs have gone down in 2020 which makes it look like Facebook is a cheaper easier platform but the strategies that you're going to need to be more successful in 2021 are completely different from what they were in 2019 and even at the beginning of 2020.

So let's not waste any time, let's dive in. Number one, your ad creative is going to be the most important factor to your success on Facebook ads. More important than your bidding strategies, your fancy account structure or even your targeting.

So you used to be able to get away with doing a few single image ads and having that carry you throughout a few months but now your creative is the most important optimization point. And in 2021 if you want to get ahead of the competition you're going to need to invest in mobile first video content. This means videos that are created to be experienced on a mobile device and here's why that's so important.

Number one, if people are discovering your brand on Facebook or Instagram they're doing it on their phone. And number two, Facebook is actually trying to make the shift to being more video focused. So you're going to get better delivery and engagement if you are using mobile first video content.

Now really quick for a video to be considered mobile first it has to have these five criteria. Number one, it needs to be 5 to 15 seconds long and it needs to be made for the sound off. So we're talking subtitles and or headlines.

It also needs to be formatted for your phone. My favorite formats are 4 to 5, 9 to 16 which is like Instagram stories and then even square. You also need quick interesting edits on the video to stop the scroll and get someone's attention.

And finally I always suggest having your logo within the first five seconds for brand awareness. Now I also have tons of other suggestions on how to create creative that converts on Facebook ads that I'm going to link below. Which leads us to number two, creative and messaging testing is going to be key to your success on Facebook ads.

And again because creative is the most important factor in determining your success, you need to do tons of testing to figure out what's actually working. So it's not going to be as easy as creating one or two videos and expecting that to carry you through the first few months of 2021. You're going to need to test tons of different strategies and tactics to figure out what your customers actually want to see and hear and what's going to make them buy.

And the same thing goes for your copy or messaging. And I also have another video below that I'm going to link to that's going to help you out with that. And number three, you need to leverage Facebook's AI and algorithm.

In 2019, and even early 2020, I heard a lot of chatter of Facebook advertisers really resisting trusting Facebook and the algorithm. But as I've been scaling companies in 2020, especially during the pandemic, I found that the more that I utilized Facebook's AI and algorithm, the more success I had. Now Facebook actually calls all their best machine learning practices the power five.

And I've noticed that the more that I use the complete power five in my accounts, the more I was able to get a higher row as an ultimately scale. I have another video about the power five that I'll also link below. So another way to leverage Facebook's algorithm is to utilize broad audiences.

So these are audiences that have little to no targeting. And what's so interesting, I actually find that these broad audiences outperform my lookalikes and all of my interest layered targeting. So I know that in 2021, the power five and utilizing broad audiences are going to be really key to growing and scaling on Facebook ads.

The fourth strategy is that you need to diversify your platforms. So the deal is, is that you can't just rely on Facebook ads to carry the weight of your marketing and advertising. It's the marketing equivalent of putting all of your eggs in one basket.

And I found that towards the end of 2020, as we're approaching cyber season, I found more success from my Facebook ads when I diversify platforms. And there are actually two platforms I'm suggesting to almost all of my clients, and that is Snapchat and SMS marketing. Now Snapchat is not just a bunch of teens, actually more than 50% of daily users are 25 plus with real buying power.

And CPMs are also a lot lower than Facebook's. And I actually find that I prefer Snapchat's lookalike targeting. So this is a really great option for diversifying your customer acquisition strategy and top of funnel traffic.

And SMS is honestly a slam dunk for retargeting. And here's why 90% of all SMS messages are opened within 10 minutes, which email cannot even compare to on email marketing. We are looking at a 20% open rate on a good day.

So if you have an awesome offer for your email list, send them an SMS instead. So they'll actually see it. If you're interested in trying out SMS, I recommend just using Klaviyo, which I know a lot of dope ecommerce brands are already on.

And another option I really like is attentive. Number five, and I kind of hate that I have to say this, but you need to treat your brand like a business, which means you need PR, you need email marketing, you need influencer marketing, you need a solid SEO strategy, and you need to be creating content. Yes, in 2020, due to the pandemic, more people are spending more time on social media, but their attention spans are lower and their standards for what they think makes a good brand and ultimately where they spend their money is higher.

So if you're not diversifying your platforms and expecting Facebook ads to be like a cash machine with $1 in and $3 out without investing in other parts of your business, then you will fail on the platform in 2021. And just so that I make this very clear, here is a PSA. You've missed the boat on easy wins on Facebook ads.

Now I know some of my subscribers are actually media buyers, so you don't have a say in what a business owner says or does. But I've realized when I work with new business owners, it's not just my job to run the Facebook ads. It's also to point out other opportunities where they can grow their business.

So the more that you encourage things like SEO, PR, influencer marketing and content creation, and the more that they actually act on those suggestions, the better your Facebook ads are going to perform. Because all of these things are important pieces in growing a business and also succeeding with Facebook ads. And that's it.

If you are like me, you are very ready to say goodbye to 2020. And I'm actually really excited for what 2021 has to offer, especially in the e-commerce and digital advertising world. So if you have any questions about anything that I went over today, or you just want to chat about media buying, hit me up in the comments below.

I am very active there. Or hit me up on Twitter. I really love chatting with my D2C fam and media buying fam on there.

So let's be friends on other platforms. Because it's like diversifying. Okay, awesome.

Talk later. Bye!