Hey guys! Welcome to my channel. Today's gonna be a quickie but a goodie.

I'm gonna show you which campaign objective to choose in Facebook to make money. But seriously, I see a lot of young brands on Facebook ads messing up on this and a lot of young advertisers too. So I feel like it needs to be said.

So if you go to but also like I want to show you what other objectives I use at times and really just a rundown of what they all do. So if you go ahead and go to Facebook Ads Manager, you're right there in the Ads Manager account. Go ahead and create a campaign.

In here you'll see the big lofty question, what's your marketing objective? Which is to make money, duh. But you'll see there's not a making money objective.

So it's a little complicated. To be honest, I use conversions and catalog sales pretty much 95% of the time. So if you are using Facebook Ads to make money, you are gonna be either using a conversions or a catalog sales objective.

But as you see, there's a lot of other objections on here. So let's just like figure out what they all do. Brand awareness.

So this increases awareness for your brand by reaching out to people who are more likely to be interested in it. To be honest, I've probably used this like five times in my entire career. I will say though, I have talked to advertisers who work with big, like big, big brands.

So like big name brands, like people you definitely have heard about and your mom's heard about like people who have multi-million dollar budgets per month. And a lot of times they actually use a brand awareness to get that buzz and to get purchases. So I would be really interested to try brand awareness if I was working with a brand that had a big budget.

But most of the clients I work with are under a hundred thousand dollars per month budget. So I don't use brand awareness. And another one that's under awareness is reach.

I do use reach campaigns from time to time because reach campaigns have a really, there's like, a really cool feature where you can actually limit the frequency that the ads show up to people, which is, this is the only kind of campaign objective that you can do that in. So you can actually put a frequency cap so that, you know, each person only sees it once per week or once every three days, which is really valuable for specific campaigns and for specific clients. And I have used that from time to time.

Once you go to consideration, you'll see that there's traffic engagement, app installs, video views, lead generation, messages, traffic campaigns, like honestly, this is just going to get traffic to your website. And while that does sound good, especially if you're a new brand, really what this is optimizing for is just people who click on ads, which like can be anyone. It doesn't mean that if someone clicks on an ad, they're going to be making a purchase.

So I find that like, frankly, traffic campaigns are garbage most of the time. And even my Facebook rep has said never to use them. So I frankly don't.

Another garbage market, another garbage, another garbage marketing objective is engagement. This is just paying for page likes or engagement on a specific post, which I could see some brands using if like they're really trying to grow their Instagram account. But even then, that's what I like to call vanity metrics.

Like these aren't metrics that are going to make sales. And like if you're just starting out on advertising, like this is not where you want to spend your budget, especially if you have a budget that's really low. So I don't think I've deployed an engagement campaign in like three years.

App installs is aptly named because it drives app installs. So if you have a mobile app, that's a great one to test out. I don't really work with too many customers who have mobile apps.

So I don't really use that too much video views. This is targeting people who are more likely to view your video, which a few years ago was a tactic that I had used quite a bit. I would use video views campaign to get people to watch more of the video.

And then I would retarget those people who had watched 50, 75, 90% of that video with another type of campaign to get them to purchase. But honestly, that has not worked well for me in a long time. So I haven't done that at all recently.

Another campaign objective that you can choose is lead generation. And I've actually been doing a lot of tests with lead generation lately. So you can do a lead generation campaign, which actually has a form that people can fill out.

But you can also drive traffic using a conversion campaign, optimizing for a lead conversion. And I have a few campaigns that use lead generation campaigns right now to fill out forms. But in my testing recently, I found that the conversion campaign with a lead optimization is tending to do a lot better and drive more sales further down the line.

While lead generation campaigns tend to get like a better CPL or cost per lead, but they don't tend to convert as well. So I'm going to be focusing on a lot of the content. So stay tuned for more on that one.

And messages, this is for sending messages on Facebook Messenger. And I don't do much of that anymore. Now, if you want to make money on Facebook, you're going to be concentrating on conversions and catalog sales.

So conversion campaigns are actually a little bit more involved because then you can choose the optimization that you're going for. So you can get convert, you can go right after people that you want to purchase. So you can actually choose the conversion campaign.

And then when you're at the ad set level, you can choose a purchase. So right here, you can see that you can choose the purchase. Now, this is a brand new pixel for my for my new website.

So you can see that these are the only ones that are active. Normally, this purchase one would also be in green. So if you're using it for a lot, you can get a new campaign.

But what's cool is you can for conversion campaigns, you can optimize for initiate checkout leads. So as opposed to doing a lead generation objective campaign, view content, which I kind of equate these days to traffic campaigns in a way because it's a lot higher up in the funnel or add to cart. So So if you want to be making money on Facebook ads, you're going to be doing conversion campaigns.

Another making money campaign objective is catalog sales. And what this is essentially going to do is it's going to connect to your product catalog. And if you don't know how to create a product catalog, look in the description below.

I have a video that shows you the easiest way to create a product catalog. And I hate doing that kind of stuff. So I had to find a workaround to make it simple.

This kind of campaign actually shows the products that you have in your store directly in the ad. And what's really cool is you can retarget people based on the products that they're interested in. So if they went to a product page or even added it to cart, you can retarget those people so that the next time they open up Facebook or Instagram, the product that they've already indicated interest in shows up in their feed, which is very powerful.

So, yes, these are what the marketing objectives are. And like I said, this is a, you know, my channel is all about how to get those first few conversions if you're a new brand on Facebook. And we're going to be concentrating on conversions and catalog sales.

So thank you so much. I know it was a quickie, but a goodie. If you have any other questions about Facebook ads or you want me to do a video on something specific, please comment below.

Let me know what your struggles are or what you want to see. Like I said, I'm a director of paid social at a fully remote marketing agency. And I love doing this kind of stuff.

I just want to do it so that I can see more cool brands on Facebook, even if they can't hire an agency right out the gate. So comment below. Let me know your questions.

I'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.