Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to answer the question, which optimization should I choose for my conversion campaigns on Facebook ads? So you started advertising your store on Facebook ads and you're informed enough to know that conversion ads are more likely to get you purchases and therefore more money.

But when you set up a conversion campaign on Facebook ads, it's not like you're automatically set up to get purchases. You have to choose what you want your conversion campaign to optimize for. And here you can choose things like purchase, initiate checkout, add to cart, and a few others.

Also you can add your own event that you want to optimize your conversion campaign for. Things like a certain website page visited or even a certain action or button clicked on your website. So I'm going to dive into all these optimization strategies, particularly if you have a store on Shopify.

And to begin, ultimately, yes, if you want people to make purchases on your website, the best optimization strategy to choose is purchase. However, there are a number of exceptions to this rule. If you have a new pixel, new store, and this is the first time that you're running Facebook ads, coming right out of the gate and optimizing for a purchase conversion isn't going to be likely to get you the kind of results that you want.

And this is because your pixel doesn't actually know what your customer looks like. And it's going to have a really hard time finding those people who are actually going to make a purchase. So in these cases, I actually start with optimizing for ad to cart.

And this is a really great choice because it's ultimately going to get you in front of a little bit more people, and your results are going to be a bit cheaper, which is really important in the early days when you're still trying to figure out who your core audience is. Another optimization strategy I also use in place of purchase is initiate checkout. And I tend to use this for products that are more expensive, think something like $1,000 or over for a single product.

And this is because often, especially when you're starting out, you're not going to have enough purchase data to come right out of the gate swinging for a purchase conversion on $1,000 product. And I find when I go one step above in the funnel to initiate checkout, I find that the pixel is able to find more people that are going to initiate checkout, and therefore I'm able to also stimulate more purchases. So if you have a new store pixel or your product is over $1,000, I would really test out doing add to cart or initiate checkout first.

And I would make that choice on whichever optimization strategy has more events tracked, you're going to be able to see that information when you're making the choice between which strategy you want to choose. And the reason why I say that you should choose between initiate checkout or add to cart, because depending on your Shopify theme, I actually find that some stores have their add to cart and their initiate checkout swapped around. So choosing whichever one has the most data is likely going to be the best choice for you.

Once I see those add to cart or initiate checkout ad sets start to generate purchases, that's when I'll test out a purchase optimization to see if the performance improves. Another choice you can make on your conversion campaigns is to choose leads, which is obviously a great choice if you're doing lead generation. Often I've noticed that I actually get a better ROI from conversion lead campaigns as opposed to Facebook lead generation campaigns, which uses a form.

And this is because the form actually makes it too easy for people to fill out. And I noticed that the quality of leads just aren't as good when you actually send someone to a landing page and have them put in the work to signing up for your discount or your product or whatever it is that you're doing lead generation for. And the last one I want to talk about is view content.

And this essentially means to optimize for someone who will view a product page. And for a while, I never really use this optimization, but I have found some success from it lately, particularly when I'm scaling up budgets and trying to fill the top of funnel. I'll actually use conversion campaigns with a view content optimization.

And here I'm finding that I'm able to get a lot more qualified traffic for a lot cheaper price than just driving traffic through purchase or add to cart optimizations. We used to try doing this with traffic campaigns, but honestly, traffic campaigns have which are garbage. So this is my workaround for scaling up audiences without sacrificing quality.

So when you're first starting off on Facebook ads or Shopify, these are the ones you'll be concentrating on. Okay, and that's it. If you guys have any questions, feel free to hit me up below.

Okay, thanks. Bye.