Attribution windows, I pretty much only use now. My perspective on dynamic creative testing has done a complete 180 over the last three months. And I now suggest some brands to not use retargeting campaigns at all anymore.

What's up, marketers? I've recently changed my mind about some things regarding Facebook ads in 2022, and that's exactly what we're gonna talk about in today's video. So the first thing that I wanna talk about are attribution windows.

And my perspective on your attribution window for Facebook ads used to be that you only used click-based only. So that would be one day click in most circumstances and then seven day click for special circumstances. Now the reason why I used to do this is because Facebook's attribution windows are also their optimization windows.

So if you choose a attribution window of one day click, then Facebook is actually going to optimize your campaigns to find people who are more likely to convert within a one day time period. So if you were using view-based attribution, like seven day click in a one day view, the idea is that those people are gonna be a lot less valuable because they're not taking that click-based action. And from my perspective too, if you are telling Facebook to go after someone who is more likely to convert from your ad, who also clicked on your ad, then that is a much stronger case that those purchases are actually coming from Facebook.

Because Facebook could be just taking those easy wins from those people who are already gonna convert anyways, aka a view-based attribution. But now my perspective on this has changed quite a bit, especially post iOS 14. The reality is, is that we just don't have as much data as we used to inside of Facebook ads manager.

And especially when you're looking at things like what type of ads are converting, what type of creatives are doing the best, I actually want to have as much data as possible inside of these ad platforms. So I'd say that especially for brands that are spending under 100K per month, I am almost always doing a seven-day click, one-day view attribution window. And for brands that are spending more than 100K per month, I'd say that in a lot of circumstances, we're still gonna be using that seven-day click, one-day view.

But for brands that are spending more than 500K per month or more than a million dollars per month on their Facebook ads, that's when we're still probably more likely to be using click-based only. But I'd say really in most cases now, we are starting to make the change to seven-day click, one-day view, or we're really considering it. And it's because we're able to see more of those purchases and conversions coming in.

It's just frankly more data than just looking at click-based attribution. I'm actually very interested to hear your guys' perspective on this because I don't think that everyone has this POV, but especially again for brands that are spending under 100K per month, I don't even think about it. It's just seven-day click, one-day view now.

Number two is actually something that I have very, very recently changed my mind on and have been testing on a lot more accounts. I'd say within like the last three months. And that is dynamic creative testing.

To be honest, I've done a total 180 on this one lately. And I've pretty much exclusively started using this for accounts that I'm currently consulting on. But first things first, what is dynamic creative testing?

Essentially, dynamic creative testing allows you to test 10 different images and videos along with five different headlines, copy options, description lines. So essentially you're giving Facebook all of these different creative options and it is putting together the best combinations for the best individual user. Now my perspective on this used to be that I did not use this and I would actually create individual ad assets.

And a big reason for that was because number one, you couldn't build up good social proof on that. Another reason why too is because we weren't actually able to see what types of images or videos were actually tracking those conversions. So it was a bit of a black box in terms of what was working.

Of course, you could always see where the amount spent was pooling, aka what types of videos and images were actually getting the most amount of budget, which for us generally tells us that's what's getting the best performance. But we still weren't able to get as much data. Now the reason why I've actually changed my mind on this recently is because I've seen a few accounts recently that had been using this and weren't using it previously and the results actually were a lot better.

So again, this is something that, especially with accounts that I'm consulting on, particularly for accounts that are sub 100K per month, I am almost exclusively using dynamic creative testing. And I will say that the lack of data is still a bit of an issue. Like I am able to see individual hook rates for different videos, but I'm not able to see individual hold rates for each video.

And something that I try to be really mindful of when using dynamic creative testing as well is I'm really trying to use wildly different types of copy options and really different types of assets that I'm testing. Even if I am launching a creative test and that is what I'm doing for some of these sub 100K per month accounts, I am actually launching creative tests using dynamic creative testing. I'm just making sure that the creatives are taking bigger creative swings, so to speak.

So we're not really doing tons of different variants, but a bit more on that later. Now, if you've been surprised by any of these so far, be sure to leave me a comment, like, or even subscribe to my channel. Those small actions really do help me out a ton and it costs you nothing.

Number three is the number of creatives that are actually inside of a creative test. Now, for those of you that have seen my popular how to test Facebook ads creative video, then you know I'm suggesting that you test anywhere from four to six creative variants inside of your creative tests. And when I say variant, really what that means is we are taking a core asset and we're changing one variable to really give the algorithm more options to see what is actually gonna hit as a creative test.

I think something that I really believed early on is that if you had a single ad asset, you didn't really just wanna put all of your eggs in that one creative. So what we'd do is we would test out different hooks, we would test out different types of font options, we could even swap out different editing techniques. There was lots of different ways that we would create these creative variants.

And now I've actually brought that number of variants down pretty significantly. And I am guiding our video editors at Thesis to create three variants top for most creative tasks. And for the most part, we really still are focusing on the hook in this case.

So we are swapping out the first three seconds of any video asset in terms of imagery, in terms of messaging, and really trying to figure out what type of hook is actually going to be the winner. But something that I'm really trying to emphasize right now is making sure that these variants are actually pretty big swings. So not only are we swapping out the beginning imagery and messaging, we're actually testing out very different strategies in these hooks and with the imagery.

So if we're gonna be testing out content from a UGC creator, for instance, we might try a TikTok response bubble in the hook, we might try a problem solution type of hook, or we might even test a three reasons why type of hook. Those are very, very different strategies when it comes to UGC and to ad creative. And again, we're really trying to take much bigger swings in our variants these days.

And number four, the final one, which I think is something that I'm still really trying to formulate my official POV on, but I'll share with you guys where I am with it right now, is this idea of retargeting campaigns. So I know that for those of you who have been watching my channel for a while, you know that I used to have this Facebook ad structure of Tofu, Mofu, and Bofu. I almost exclusively never use that anymore.

But to be honest, my new structure of prospecting and retargeting campaign, and plus the creative testing campaign, of course, it is super, super similar to Tofu, Mofu, and Bofu. It's just named different. Tofu is still top of funnel, which is going to be your prospecting campaigns.

Mofu was really like your core retargeting campaign, so targeting website visitors and social engagers. And then Bofu was essentially DABA, or dynamic product ads. And those dynamic product ads were traditionally just targeting people who added to cart or viewed content.

I just really don't have many clients right now that are using dynamic product ads, so maybe that's why. But anyways, back to this idea of prospecting and retargeting. I've actually started testing out on a number of accounts not even having retargeting campaigns at all.

And for some accounts, it really does tend to either have the same results or better results. And I'd say especially for accounts that are sub 10K per month in ad spend, I am not even thinking about it. I am not doing retargeting.

I am really just setting up some exclusions for people who've already purchased in the past and leaving it at that. Because I found that a lot of these people, number one, are already gonna be in your prospecting campaigns anyways. Just post iOS 14, we're not able to have those exclusions be as airtight as they used to be.

So especially again for smaller accounts, it's just frankly not even worth it. So I'm really just able to rely on the exclusion for purchasers and really just allowing the retargeting to mix in with the prospecting. Now for much bigger accounts where I wanna make sure that we're able to really find net new audiences, we still tend to have for a lot of thesis clients prospecting and retargeting.

But it's interesting, I've just found over the last few months especially that those retargeting campaigns aren't getting as much efficiency as they used to. And for accounts spending sub 10, sub 50k, I just tend to not use them at all anymore. But it's definitely something I'd recommend you guys test out in your own ad accounts.

And if it tends to work better for you, then good. Just continue having prospecting and retargeting in one campaign. And by one campaign, I even mean just like one ad set.

Like don't have a prospecting and retargeting ad set. Just have your ad sets excluding only purchasers. And that's it.

I hope you guys enjoyed this video. These are things that I'm still really trying to get my exact POV on. But frankly, like with Facebook ads and with this industry, things are always changing.

And my opinion's also always gonna change. I just think that it's really funny that these four things have just really changed a lot over the last six months. And I'm sure they have for you too if you guys have been inside of your ad accounts every day and testing out new things.

So be sure to let me know what you changed your mind on recently regarding these ad platforms because I think that'd be really interesting. And that's all. I'll see you guys next week.

Bye.