Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to show you a full funnel Facebook ad strategy that's perfect if your accounts are struggling or you're just starting off on a small budget. And be sure to get out a pen and paper for this one because I'm also going to be showing you three of my live accounts that I manage and what this strategy did inside of those accounts.

So this is going to be perfect for you if you guys are struggling during COVID-19 or struggling to get those initial results. Also, while you're watching this video, if you find that what I'm saying is valuable, please give this video a like because those small actions actually help me out a lot as a new YouTuber. Okay, so let's dive in.

So normally when I set up campaigns, I use the Tofu, MoFu, and Bofu structure. Or for smaller accounts, I simply just divide the campaigns between prospecting and retargeting. But the last few months during COVID-19, I've actually onboarded a few clients where the results were really slow to start, even with retargeting.

So last week I saw a YouTube video posted by Common Thread Collective that gave me an idea on how I could utilize a new structure to help my accounts that were struggling. So the basic account structure goes like this. You're going to have one CBO campaign and it's going to include both of your prospecting and retargeting.

So you're going to have one ad set that houses all your retargeting, one ad set that has prospecting, and then another ad set that's a broad targeting ad set, which means it has little to no targeting in it. Now Common Thread Collective strategy also uses cost caps to control different parts of the funnel. But in trying to replicate that strategy, I actually found that it hurt some of my accounts and even caused some of the ad sets to stop spending.

And their strategy also suggests that you keep the retargeting window at 30 days. However, in my experience, I found that I got better results when I moved the retargeting windows as far up as they'll go. So that's 180 days for website visitors and 365 days for social engagers.

And they also chose to optimize for different conversion events on different ad sets. So for their top of funnel, they were looking more at viewed content and add to cart. And I did my own testing here as well, so be sure to watch through all the case studies that I have towards the end of this video so that you can find the one that'll work best for you.

So here's how I put out this campaign based on my own experience. Number one, and start up with the CBO campaign exactly like Common Thread Collective. And number two, inside this campaign, I'm going to have three ad sets.

One is going to contain your best performing ad set that you've tested. If you're just starting off, try a look like based off of your purchasers. Otherwise, I just use the best performing audience so far.

I've also seen great results from this by using a super lookalike. So definitely try that if that's performed well for you in the past. Next is your retargeting audience.

Now this is the big place where my method differs. Here I'm going to be adding in all website visitors up to 180 days and social engagers up to 365 days. Fucking really?

And number three is your broad targeting ad set. You might have a few guard reels here based on age or gender, but for the most part, you want to be targeting all of Facebook with this ad set. And that's it.

Next, I actually want to show you what the strategy did in three different accounts of mine and the slight tweaks I made along the way that you might also want to make for your campaigns. So the first campaign is for a client that I have in the beauty niche. So I started working on this account a little over a month ago.

And despite having really strong creative and video, the results were really slow out of the gate. Initially, I broke out the campaigns into prospecting and retargeting. But to be honest, the results just weren't there.

You can see that the week before I applied our new strategy, our ROAS was averaging at under a one return and most of our conversions were also being attributed to retargeting. Yikes. However, once I started using this full funnel, single campaign strategy, the results really turned around and got us into a place where we were comfortable to start scaling up.

Here I use the exact same build out that I showed you previously. One ad set for broad, one for retargeting and one for a 1% purchase lookalike. And yes, the retargeting ad set does contain website visitors at 180 days and social engagers at 365 days.

What's amazing about this too, is the longer we're running this strategy, we're actually noticing that more and more purchases are being attributed to the 1% purchaser lookalike audience, which means that the retargeting ad set is helping to train the top of funnel audiences to find our purchasers faster, which is really cool. And our number two case study is for a business that's brand new in the wellness niche. So in addition to testing out Facebook ads, we were also making several edits to the website and to the creative so that we can get that conversion rate as high as possible.

Again, initially here we started off with one prospecting campaign and one retargeting campaign, but the results just weren't there. And here we decided to test out this new structure with cost caps and by optimizing for add to cards for our cold prospecting audience. And again, our results were able to stabilize here.

However, our tracked purchases shifted from prospecting to retargeting, which probably means that we should have started out with a higher retargeting budget. So I have a feeling that for this account, we'll actually be able to get better results by directly optimizing for purchases and taking away the cost caps. And that's because I'm noticing that our volume is a lot lower in prospecting.

And as such, I think the cost caps are actually hurting us here because the algorithm doesn't think that it can find purchases to meet our cost caps. So that's definitely what we're going to be testing next. And case number three is for a client in luxury fashion.

And as to be expected, with COVID, Black Lives Matter, and the recent Facebook ads boycott, our luxury partners have seen a dip in results overall. And this is especially true for one of my clients that began to see such small returns over the last few weeks that they were actually considering shutting off their ad spend. But I suggested actually trying out this new strategy first, and I'm really glad that we did.

So like I said, before testing out this strategy, we were seeing some of the lowest returns that we had all year. And the volume of purchases was also super low despite having a solid offer. So I decided to test out this new strategy with a twist.

So the deal is, is that this account sees great results from both feed placements and stories placements. So instead of having a broad ad set like we did in the other two accounts, we actually wanted to test having one ad set for feed and one ad set for stories. And honestly, I couldn't believe the results that we got from this.

We ended up getting more results from less spent. And that's it. Guys, please hit me up in the comments below if you have any questions about this strategy.

And if you guys are going to be testing this strategy in your campaigns, please let me know how it goes. I'm also going to be doing further tests on all of my accounts with this strategy. So I'll keep you updated on what I'm seeing too.

So I had a lot of fun making this video for you guys. So if you liked it too, please subscribe to my channel because these small actions actually make a big impact for my tiny little channel. Talk soon.

Bye.