What's up marketers? Today's video is going to be all about one of my favorite metrics on Facebook Ads Manager, which is the hold rate. So what is a hold rate?

You cannot actually select hold rate inside of Facebook Ads Manager. You have to create a custom metric for it. And the custom metric that you're going to create is through play divided by impressions.

So what is a through play? A through play occurs when a user has watched 15 seconds of your video ad. So say a user is scrolling through Instagram and your video ad pops up on their feed.

If they've watched 15 seconds of it, then that is going to count as a through play. Big question you're probably asking yourself right now is what if my ad is less than 15 seconds long? Then in that case, if someone watches your ad to completion, whether or not it is three seconds long or five seconds long or 10 seconds long, then that also counts as a through play.

Knowing this detail is actually incredibly important to know. But more on that later. It actually recently got me in trouble with a client and I'm going to tell you the story about that at the end of this video.

So why are hold rates so important when analyzing your video creative? Well, from my perspective, hold rates tell a much larger part of the story. We all know and love the metric hook rate, which shows us the percentage of people who watched the first three seconds of the video.

But to be honest, knowing how to create a good hook is frankly the easy part when it comes to creative strategy. It's like experimenting with clickbait essentially. But knowing how to increase your hold rate is way harder and frankly, probably more important.

And the reason why is because the hold rate is actually showing you a more engaged user. Oftentimes when you're just looking at the hook rate, you're looking at window shoppers or you're looking at people who were really interested in the first three seconds, but they could have just dropped off at second four. You don't really know that.

But a through play, aka a hold rate metric, is literally telling you the percentage of all people who watched up to 15 seconds for your ad. So which one would you rather have? Would you rather have a high hook rate or a high hold rate?

Now, these are definitely pairing metrics. In my experience, I've often found that top performing ads tend to have a high hook rate, but they also tend to have a high hold rate. And I have found that it is more difficult actually to train people up on how to get higher hold rates.

And I'm actually going to show you five of the strategies that we use at Thesis to increase our hold rates. But before I do that, I have one favor to ask, which is to like and subscribe to this video because it's free and will definitely increase your hook and hold rates. Oh God.

I tried. So here are some ways that you can increase your hold rates on your Facebook ads video creative and your TikTok ads video creative. Actually, a lot of these strategies are things that I'm taking from watching a lot of TikToks and reels.

And the first strategy is to make quicker cuts, to make jump cuts between different scenes. I can't tell you how many times I've seen creative come across my metaphorical desk right here. And it was literally UGC content or video content that was in one single frame or shot.

Really easy ways for you to increase your hold rates or to add more B roll or to even jump cut in or out on the person that's in the frame or the subject matter. This is part of the reason why at Thesis we create modular content with our UGC creators, which essentially means that we have them filming a testimonial and then anywhere from 20 to 30 clips of B roll because we are just literally putting tons of that B roll over top of their testimonial. That is literally the strategy.

My quick hack here is I try to make each clip less than two seconds long, sometimes less than one minute long. Strategy number two, which I found to be really engaging is to create multiple angles of the same thing. Number two is that you should create multiple angles of the same thing.

Kind of like this. Yeah, like what I did there. I even find if you're just changing up the angle ever so slightly, but you're including both in your content, that tends to have people stay on for longer because they're like, wait, what's going on here?

We've done this in a lot of studio shoots actually, where we will have cam A and cam B that are just ever so slightly different so that we can pan between the two and that almost always increases our hold rate. And number three is actually more of a messaging tactic and that's that you really want to agitate the problem. And essentially when you're agitating the problem that you're speaking to in the video creative, you're letting the people know that they are actually in the right place and that they feel seen.

The reality is, is that no matter what type of product you are selling, you are actually solving a problem for your user. And you want to make sure that you are talking more about that problem and elaborating more on that problem. So what you're literally showing people is more of the before state and then the after will be revealed with the presentation of your product.

I think it's easiest to understand this concept when looking at UGC type of content. So when I'm creating UGC briefs, I'll literally have hook, agitate the problem two times, introduce the product, benefit testimonial reel, and then close out with Gatshu CTA. That is literally how I create all of my UGC briefs.

The fourth tactic to increasing your hold rates is to actually refer back to whatever you had in the hook or essentially continue the story. One of the highest hold rates that I've ever seen in a piece of content was actually because we had a super strong hook. So tons of people were stopping because of that really engaging hook, but then we were following up on it immediately in the subsequent frames.

A lot of times I see UGC content or video content on these paid social cloud platforms where the hook will actually have nothing to do with the rest of the video. And you know what? Sometimes that works.

Sometimes you really can improve conversions on a particular ad just by swapping out the hook. But a lot of times I'm finding that you have to build on what is in the hook to really get those higher hold rates. Number five is one of my favorite strategies, which is after the hook, simply follow up with another hook.

I like to call this strategy a hook reel. So we've done this with a few clients. One of my clients, The Perfect Gene, we tend to do this quite a bit, but we will literally just create compilations that are hook after hook after hook, building off of one another.

So, you know, it could be worth for you guys to try just creating an entire ad that is using the hooks from all of your other top video ads. This is something that I think is super actionable for almost everyone watching this video. Now, one of the most common questions I get about hold rates is what is a good hold rate and what is a good hook rate?

It's really funny. One of my friends, Anze over at Twitter, he recently said that he's looking for hold rates that are anywhere from like 35 to 45 plus. And I'm going to tell you that I typically do not see that high of hold rates.

I typically see hold rates that are on the good end, anywhere from 8 to 12%. And that's really positive for me. Now, one of the highest hold rates that I had seen recently, and this is my client story that I had told you guys I was going to talk about.

Recently, I was doing an analysis on an ad creative for a potential client, and I saw that it had super high hold rates. It was like 30%. And I was like, wow, this is really incredible.

And this video was about a minute long. And essentially, what I was doing with this creative was I was doing an analysis with that creative against the other ad creative that had been in the account. And I was interested to find that all of the other creative, even though it didn't perform as well, had the same hold rates.

So 20, 30% hold rates. And I was like, what the heck is going on here? So I ended up looking at another metric, which was the average watch time.

And I realized, oh, the average watch time on the other ads were about three seconds, whereas the other watch time for the winning creative was around 11 seconds. So I dug into the other creatives that were in this account, and I realized that a majority of them were only three, six, nine seconds long. So it was triggering a through play, even though the creative really wasn't that comparable.

So this is something that I was able to point out to my client, like, hey, like this particular winning creative has a really high hold rate. And yes, you were going to see other similar hold rates in your account, but it's because your content is so much shorter. Honestly, I'm not going to lie.

When I noticed this and I was able to communicate about it, I felt like a superstar performance creative person. So steal that one for your next client call. And that's it.

If you guys have any more questions about hold rates, be sure to leave them for me in the comments below and like, and subscribe because it's free and you're still here at the end of the video. So I'd appreciate it. See you guys next time.

Bye.