Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to answer the question, how many ads should be in an ad set on Facebook? So the way that it works on Facebook Ads Manager is that in order to deploy an ad on Facebook, you have to first start off with a campaign.

Here you're going to choose your objective and also your budget bidding strategy. The next stage is the ad set level. Here you're going to determine your targeting, your optimization strategies, and also your placements, like whether or not you want to put your ad on Facebook mobile or Instagram or Facebook desktop.

And the ad level is going to be your actual ads. So the ad creative that your potential customers are going to see. So for this question, we're looking at how many ads should be inside of an ad set to get the best results.

And most of the time, the kind of results that we're looking for are either purchases or leads that are coming from Facebook Ads. So I've done tons of testing on this and I've tested just about everything to more than 20 ads to only having one ad in a single ad set. And to be honest, I actually suggest having three to five at the most ads in a single ad set.

And I really think that brands that maybe have had more traction on Facebook ads and have dialed in their targeting and kind of understand what creative is going to work. Those are the kind of people that are going to benefit more from having four or five at the most ads in a single ad set. But maybe people who are just starting off, I would just recommend that they start off with three ads at the most.

Additionally, when you're first starting off with Facebook ads, I would actually recommend that you start off by testing what kind of ad types are best for your brand. So maybe in the beginning, you have one video, one carousel, and then a slideshow or single image. You can also test out collection ads if you have more than one product.

But testing these in the beginning will give you a better edge to understanding what kind of content is actually going to resonate more with your audience. And then after that, you can get into more testing things like different kinds of videos, different kinds of copy, headlines, etc. And as you are running these three different ad types and then start testing different things like copy and different images and creatives, be sure to keep a list of what's actually resonating with your audience.

And be sure that the data is informing the next kind of ads that you're going to test. And if you guys are curious about how long you should run a Facebook ad for, i.e. how long you should run these tests for, I do have a video that's all about that that you can click below in the description.

And another consideration I would have for people that are new to Facebook ads and testing their Facebook ads creative is to actually test out dynamic creative. When using dynamic creative, you can actually use up to 10 videos or images, plus five different pieces of copy, five headlines, five descriptions, and as many CTAs as you like, and allow the algorithm to decide the best kind of combinations of ads to show your potential customers. I've actually found particular success with dynamic creative by putting them in your cold audiences.

So if you're a little bit lost on what kind of creative is actually going to resonate with your audience, I would recommend just trying out dynamic creative first so that you can see what kind of combinations of ads are resonating the most with your audiences. Plus, you don't have to swap out creative as much. But I have heard from other advertisers that they think dynamic creative is really lazy, but I've seen really great results from it.

So I don't necessarily agree with that. But I also have a video all about dynamic creative also in the description below if you guys are interested. So feel free to check that out.

And that's my easy answer for how many ads you should keep in an ad set. Like I said, three for people who are just starting off up to five at the most if you're really confident about what kind of creative you have. But if you have any more than you know, three to five creative in a single ad set, you're spreading the algorithm too thin across different kinds of creative and you're just not going to get as good performance.

And that's all I got. So if you guys have any more questions about this, feel free to hit me up in the comments below. See you.

Bye.