This brand is on track to make $350 million this year in 2023. They shifted from selling in Costco in 2017 to now becoming one of the most successful Shopify stores in the world. So what's the secret?

During the pandemic, Hexclad shifted to a direct-to-consumer focus, powered primarily by Facebook ads. Despite the fierce competition in the cookware space, Hexclad had a killer strategy. So in today's video, we're going to analyze their Facebook ads creative strategy using Foreplay, who also sponsored this video.

Their new feature, Spider, was crucial to doing this analysis. We're also going to go over the key strategies they used to explode their growth on the platform, and of course, how you can use those strategies too, even if you can't work with someone like, say, Gordon Ramsay. And of course, I'm going to show you how I would take a brand of this size to that next level.

So let's hop into Foreplay and analyze Hexclad's current creative strategy on Facebook ads. And we are going to use Foreplay's new Spider feature to analyze this, which I have been loving. The cool thing about Spider is that it can automatically scrape all of a brand's live creatives with the touch of a button.

Then you can keep track of every single new ad they launch, which is going to create a timeline of their creative strategy. So let's pop in. You can see here, it breaks down the media mix between videos, images, carousels.

So maybe Hexclad should launch a few more carousels. It also breaks down the landing pages so you can see where a brand is sending the majority of their traffic. Kind of interesting to see that there's a big push towards Europe right now, huh?

Now, one of my favorite ways to use Spider is to go up to filters and sort by status to see everything that is still running. This is going to give you a live overview of the account, but I'm not done yet. What I actually like to do is come over here and sort by the longest running.

This is immediately going to show me which current ads have been running the longest, which is potentially what's been the most successful for them lately. Let's take a look down here. Wow.

301 days. Not bad. Not bad.

You can see here, it's a split test of sorts. I've often seen that actually, that sometimes if you're doing a creative test, two of them will end up being really great performers and really scalable. Wow.

It seems like the one that's been running the longest, potentially their top performer is actually a creative test running for 301 days. It's pretty insane. And I often see this actually, sometimes if you run a creative test, you might find that two creatives are equally scalable and equally get as good performance.

So that's pretty cool. UGC ad, I like that they're carrying the Gordon Ramsay messaging throughout here. Seems like a pretty typical UGC ad though.

Oh. All right. We got a plain product image.

I wonder if that's a DPA. And there's that ad again. An offer.

Let's see. We have some more UGC. No one's really focused in it.

Very problem oriented. Oh, and we have a founder's ad here, which is pretty cool. Pretty high end production.

Interesting. Got some more videos. Oh, there's Gordon.

There's some of the Gordon imagery that we were waiting for, because this has definitely been huge to the brand scaling. Let's go through a few more of these quickly. Got some more product pieces.

Us versus them. Those have to be DPAs. All right.

Gordon imagery, more of like a headline ad. There he is. Wow.

Salt and pepper grinders. How long has that been running? 93 days.

Interesting. More Gordon. This is pretty cool though.

Oh, he's like going through the entire collection in 60 seconds. That's a great ad. Offer.

End of summer. I wonder if that's still running. Oh, wow.

I mean, they got a ton of creative going. I'm kind of surprised that so much of it is offer based. That's pretty cool.

It's like a features point ad ad. There's that Rolls Royce of pans, which they got sued for. It's all right.

Happens. It's kind of interesting. Like the imagery is so dark.

And after a while of this, all the ads just kind of look the same. Even the Gordon ads. The one ad that was like particularly different was that UGC ad.

There's a little bit of blue right there. Short Gordon cooking. It's not really...

I'd like to see Gordon doing some more of like the UGC stuff. You know, people would be really surprised to see it. There we go.

Got some more UGC. I find that some of the testimonials like that, they're a little hard to read. In fact, I think a lot of these are, you know, a little hard to read in some instances.

Huh. I like that. I tell all my friends who are getting married, this should be the number one ask in your registry.

These are the pans, my friends. Huh. These are pretty good.

So one of the things that I like to do when doing a creative analysis of fur brand is make sure that they've hit on all the major formats that you should be testing. Now, one of the reasons why I like looking for these major formats is Facebook has actually admitted that the new hook rate is more like one, 1.5 seconds. So that's how long we really have for someone to decide if they want to watch our ad and engage with us or not.

So that's why I find that the way that your ad physically shows up on the feed is really going to be a huge variable in performance. And a lot of times, if I find that a brand is having a hard time actually getting that performance, sometimes I'll do rapid format testing to make sure that they're getting some of those easy wins out of the way. So do they lean into press in some of their ads?

Yes. Especially in the form of a testimonial. For this one particularly, I'd say that the press testimonial is not actually sticking out as much and you could probably cut it up or really zone in on that golden nugget review a little bit more.

Again, the reason why I like looking at these is for some people press is the highest form of social proof. Then in us versus them, yes, they have that. Features point out, they have a few of these, but the ones that they were utilizing, I didn't think were actually as strong as they could be.

What I would suggest all brands do is that you should find out the benefits that are most important to your customers, maybe through customer review mining and put those directly in those feature benefit point outs. Do they have UGC problem solution ads? Yes.

I didn't see any TikTok response bubbles, so that's maybe something they could do. And I didn't really see any ugly ads. So no post-it ads.

These kinds of things can really help stand out for a brand. And I didn't see any of those. Statistics.

I did find a statistics ad. Social media proof ad. I think they could actually do a little bit more of this.

Now in before and after, I did see a few before and afters, especially in some of their UGC imagery. And this is definitely something that I think could help twist that knife a little bit more for people who are on the fence. And it seems like they also have a number of DPA ads running as well.

But let's face it, their creative strategy hinges almost solely on Gordon and especially that quote. But what I really like that I see them doing is they are leaning into testing some more of those human desire type quotes, which is really cool to see. I wonder what they're doing for Black Friday, Cyber Monday.

Oh, holiday sale. There it is. Oh, and they're putting some stickers across some of their top performers.

Standard, definitely something that you should do. Wow. Yeah.

I'm like shocked that some of these like really plain images work, but it is really what I see working for a lot of the most part. This recipe one is kind of interesting. I'm not sure if I love that creator for Hexclad.

I like this talent. That's cool. It's really interesting.

Actually, when I was doing research on Hexclad, I found that a lot of their users were people who were married and people who were in their 30s and 30s plus. And I'm not seeing as many of those creators being reflected in their ads. These fans saved my marriage.

Very good. Very good human desire. 25% off site-wide.

So at first it was like, what, 40? Maybe it was a different demographic. And now another really cool thing that Spider has is the time range feature.

And here it makes it really easy to scope out a brand's holiday ads during a specific time. Now let's talk about some of the key strategies that are really helping them out on Facebook ads. And let's not beat around the bush here.

Gordon Ramsay, his image, and especially that quote have really catapulted their growth on the platform. Now that's something I talk about in my course quite a bit, but if you utilize a really good celebrity in your advertisements, customers are number one, way more likely to trust you and buy you. And two, they actually spend a lot less time deliberating that choice.

And this is definitely something that I saw in a lot of Hexclad's reviews. And it's also really interesting. I actually had someone DM me after I made this reel saying, oh yeah, my husband said that if it was good enough for Gordon Ramsay, it was good enough for him.

However, I have seen a lot of brands fail miserably when utilizing celebrity marketing because they think it's going to be a silver bullet. And they think that any type of celebrity, especially the ones with tons and tons of reach are going to work for them. But it's really about finding that perfect celebrity alignment.

And let's face it, Gordon Ramsay is perfect for Hexclad. And this is actually something that Hexclad's head of growth, Connor, spoke about quite a bit in his Motion series. Really, Hexclad has three core demographics.

Of course, they have the cook enthusiasts, but that only makes up like one third of their actual demographic. They also have the tech consumers. So people who are really into technology and they care about following the Joneses and just being on the cutting edge of early adoption of whatever type of new tech is out there.

And there's also those cobweals who are in the 30s to 50 range who have a little bit of an edge to them. Another really interesting thing that I found while researching Hexclad is they were testing about 20 to 50 ads every single week, which honestly is definitely part of the reason why they're doing so well, because they've meticulously split tested their messaging and they've realized what's worked for them. So what can you learn from Hexclad's strategy, especially if you can't work with someone as big as Gordon Ramsay?

Something else that stood out to me while listening to Connor's Motion series was a lot about their overall creative strategy. And essentially it goes like this. For their true top of funnel, so we're talking TV, maybe a little bit of OTT, they were using really high-end produced creatives.

And this is where they were getting a lot of reach. This kind of stuff is also super branded. And that kind of thing differed quite a bit from their Facebook ad strategy, which was a little bit more UGC and casual in nature.

So there's this interesting funnel happening where a lot of people are experiencing Hexclad for the first time, seeing a lot of their branded content and being, oh wow, that brand's pretty legit. And then seeing a Facebook ad where they're actually getting to know a lot more of the benefits and the features and they're seeing Gordon and they're saying, wow, maybe I am really interested in buying something like this because this company seems very legit. Another thing to consider too is when is a brand actually ready to explore a celebrity partnership?

And honestly, I don't think this is for brands that are doing under 5 million or even 10 million a year in revenue. However, I have heard of a few instances where partnering with the right celebrity early on really catapulted and spearheaded a lot of that early growth, like Array with Hailey Bieber. Nish, one of Array's co-founders actually did a talk at Ezra Firestone's Blue Ribbon event to discuss how they were able to partner with Hailey so early on in their brand.

And honestly, I can see that story resonating with a lot of small brands. And I think I will say too, like the reason why Gordon works so well for Hexclad is like, of course there was the reach. Of course there was the trust.

But there's also a tagline, which has been incredibly important. What's the cool thing about that tagline, right? Is they're using the name Rolls-Royce, which immediately makes it apparent to people that like, number one, this is not going to be cheap.

It is absolutely going to be worth it. And that sentiment is definitely echoed in a lot of the reviews that are on Hexclad's Amazon, as well as their website. However, that tagline might not be able to be used as much anymore.

So, you know, use it at your own risk, essentially. Now, how would I take this brand to the next level? So I've worked with several brands that weren't able to utilize celebrity marketing in the same way that Hexclad did with Gordon Ramsey.

And the two main functions of celebrity marketing is either going to be to establish trust or to get more eyeballs. And oftentimes I find that brands actually need to establish more trust before they go investing more and developing a partnership with a celebrity. I often find that founders are one of the best people to communicate their why.

And they're also the ones that are most sympathetic or empathetic to the problems and pain points that their customers have. And oftentimes that story is incredibly personal. And people like to know that they're not buying from an unnamed corporation.

They like to know that they're buying from so-and-so from such-and-such a brand. Another thing that could be really helpful is leaning into certain review testimonials and not just thinking about your traditional UGC. And in fact, I would try creating content that did more objection handling.

So what you should do is you should scour Reddit and scour the reviews and see if there's any skepticism or lack of trust that people have with your brand and see how you can address that head on in an ad. Another way that you can establish trust within a brand is to lean into press. There are several different types of press ads that you can make, but it might also be a signal that your brand needs press because this really is the stamp of legitimacy that a number of people need to make sure that they actually want to buy and trust your brand.

You could also work with a specific influencer or a smaller micro niche influencer or just creators who feel really authentic. Those things can go a long way with trust. And of course, you need to identify your real differentiators from your competitors.

And that's the cool thing about HexCloud too. They were in a super crowded market. They had Otherplace.

They had Carraway. They had Great Jones. And all of these brands touted that they were the highest quality, that they were nonstick, whatever.

But obviously, some of them fit a specific type of person more than the other. But what I think HexCloud did a really, really great job of doing is setting a really high standard of quality and having the right people communicate that quality message for them. I hope you guys are liking this series.

If you made it to the end of this video, that tells me that you're a super fan. So I want to hear from you which brands you'd like me to do this for next. So let me know in the comments.

And also be sure to check out Foreplay. You can use the code DARA to get 15% off your first three months. See you next time.