What's up marketers? Everybody optimizes their Facebook ad account differently. So I optimize my ad accounts differently than Nick Shackelford, Savannah Sanchez, David Fogarty, and you.

So in this video, I'm going to break down how I think about optimizing Facebook ad accounts, how I actually optimize those accounts, and how I use tools like Northbeam and Triple Whale to help in that process. The first thing that you're going to need is a goal. This is likely going to be a CPA or cost per purchase goal, or likely a ROAS goal in the very beginning.

The reason why you need a goal to start off with is it's actually going to affect the way that you are optimizing your ad accounts. If you are a newbie media buyer or a business owner, you're probably still working a lot on product market fit. So your main goal is to be learning as much as possible about what type of ad creatives and what type of products are really generating those sales for you.

And once you really start to understand what type of product and what type of messaging is working, that's when you're going to be optimizing more for that CPA goal. However, if you're already an established brand, your main goal is probably a certain spend threshold. So it's really important to have that goal at top of mind whenever you start optimizing your ad account.

With my clients, we're always going to be validating that CPA on the back end with a platform like North Bean or Triple Whale. But then we are also going to be looking at spend goals since scale is really, really important to my clients. The next thing that I wanted to talk about is how I think about optimizing ad accounts.

Even though there's a lot going on here, there's only really four optimizations that I can make as a media buyer. The first optimization you can make in your ad account is turning things off. This can also be turning things on again.

If you see, oh, this is a certain ad that I had turned off, but it actually generated some more results, some more sales, I'm going to turn that back on. The second type of optimization that you can make is increasing or decreasing the budgets. A lot of times what I see newbie media buyers do is they turn off an entire ad set or they turn off an entire campaign.

And instead, what I'd actually suggest here is decreasing the budget until you start getting the results that you like and also making some additional optimization. The third type of optimization that you can do is adding things in. So this could be a new ad created.

This could be a new ad set, some new targeting. This could also be a brand new campaign. The fourth type of optimization you can make is testing new strategies.

Now, these are what I would call seemingly bigger swings, but oftentimes I find that new media buyers or new business owners really get wrapped up a lot in testing out, oh, cost cap versus lowest cost, bid caps, trying CBO versus ADO. And to be honest, those are fine things to test, but at the beginning, it's completely not necessary to dive in and test those. So what's interesting is all the optimizations that you can make in an ad account are going to fall into those four buckets.

And when I start optimizing an ad account, I actually like to go through those step by step to optimize an ad account. Now, let's go ahead and dive into how I optimize an ad account. The first thing I'm going to do when I log in for the day is I'm going to trim off the fat, which means that I'm going to be turning off the ads that aren't working.

And here, I'm going to be starting at the ad level. So I'm going to be going through each of my campaigns, each of my ad sets, and seeing the ads that are pulling their weight. And simply, I'm going to turn them off.

I'm going to make sure that they were able to get enough amount of spend. So if they weren't actually getting that much spend, I would go ahead and leave them. But if you see, oh, they are starting to get a bit of spend, but they're not generating purchases, they aren't getting the right type of results after they've been up for seven days or more, that's when I would go ahead and turn those off.

And I'm going to do the same thing for my creative testing campaign, for my prospecting scaling campaign. And then if I have a retargeting campaign, I'm going to do the same thing in the retargeting campaign. The rule of thumb here is that if something hasn't been working for the last seven to 14 days, in most cases, then I'm going to go ahead and turn it off.

Now, once you've done that at the ad level, I would go ahead and take a quick look at your ad sets as well. Particularly in the creative testing campaign, if you are launching net new ad sets to launch your creative tests, I would go through all the ones that are currently on. And if you see very clearly, hey, there are some creative tests that are clear losers, go ahead and turn those off.

However, I will say that if you see, hey, we have a few creative tests that are starting to really work and starting to scale up, go ahead and keep those running. Even if you do take those from the creative testing campaign and drip them into the prospecting scaling campaign or your retargeting campaign, you want to be sure to keep those on because there's no guarantee that they're going to be working in the other campaigns that you drip them into, number one. And number two, it's a really nice way to scale up, because you never want to turn anything off that is already working.

Never. So after I've gone through and I've turned off all of the ads that weren't performing well at the ad level, and then maybe turned off a few creative tests at the ad set level, and then maybe turned off some ad sets and prospecting or retargeting, these should be really broad anyways. You shouldn't have more than one to two ad sets in your retargeting campaign, and you shouldn't have more than three ad sets in your prospecting scaling campaign.

Maybe turn those off if they're really not working for you, and you just want to go full broad. The second thing that I'm going to be looking at doing is adjusting my budgets. And here's where thinking about your goal is really important.

So you're going to be thinking about, hey, where are the results looking good? Where can I increase budgets? And where can I also decrease budgets?

And what I really like to do too is if you are really at a certain spend threshold for like the month, for instance, I will actually take budgets out of ad sets that aren't performing as well, and I'll distribute them to other ad sets that are performing a lot better. And of course, if your main goal is to scale, you're going to be a lot more flexible on your CPA and on your overall CAC goal so that you can make room to actually increase your spend. But if your main goal is efficiency, then you're probably going to be a lot more strict about turning off things that aren't meeting your CPA goal and platform while also validating those ad sets on a platform like North Whale, North Whale, while also validating those results on a platform like North Beam or Triple Whale, North Whale.

That's funny. Now, the third and most impactful thing that you can do to optimize your ad accounts is to add new things. And there's really a few different things that you can add.

You can always add a new campaign if you want to try retargeting or if you want to add a prospecting scaling campaign. But really, the most important thing you can do is add new creative tests. This is really going to be the thing that's going to have the biggest swing in your performance because creative is the biggest lever that we have on these platforms.

Targeting is pretty much dead in 2022, 2023. So really, media buyers need to be thinking a lot about their creatives. So if you are a media buyer, you need to be constantly looking into your data and saying, okay, what type of creative is getting the best results and the most purchases for my client?

What do those hook rates look like? What do those hold rates look like? What can I learn from that data so that I can make positive iterations on creative so that we can continue moving performance in the right direction?

I often find that actually the bulk of the time that I spend in ad accounts, it's adding new creative tests, just actually loading up the ad creative, loading up the text and going through that process. That tends to take up like 75% of my time. Really the turning things off and the distributing of budgets tends to go quite a bit quicker.

And last, the final thing that you can do to optimize your ad account are the new strategies that you can potentially test out. And again, you need to be thinking to yourself, do I even have the budget to test these things? If you are spending under 50k per month, you don't, do not worry about it.

You really do need to be going towards a consolidated account structure. I have tons of videos about what your ad account structure should look like. But if you are interested to try different types of strategies, like a bid cap or a cost cap, those things are available to you, especially if you want to try being a little bit more efficient with your spend as opposed to getting scale.

That might be a situation where cost caps could be a good thing for you to test out. To be candid, I do not use cost caps or bid caps on any of my clients. None of our clients at these use them.

You're probably going to be much better off thinking more about your creative. But I did want to mention it in this particular episode because I know that other people are going to be talking about it. Also, there are other media buyers who are really, really good at what they do, who have a completely different opinion than me.

I know Taylor Holiday and those at Common Thread Collective, they routinely use cost caps. So I'll be sure to link one of their threads below so you guys can take a look at that and get a different opinion on that. However, I will say if you are spending 50k or more per month on your Facebook ads and scale is really important to you, I would try an Advantage X campaign.

I have seen that working really, really well for my clients recently. And for some of them, these were the top spenders during Black Friday, Cyber Monday 2022, and really all of Q4. So that is my one big caveat.

The final thing that I want to talk about is how I am using Triple Whale and Northbeam to help optimize my accounts. Now, I know it is sort of a hot button topic, but at Thesis, we have clients that use both and I have used both in my career. And I think that they're both really great platforms.

And the use case that I have for both of these are super, super important, mostly when I am looking at budgets. Really, the big thing that I want to be looking at is making sure that our Facebook ad spend or our TikTok ad spend is as profitable as possible. Because a lot of times those numbers don't look like it on platform, especially for TikTok.

So what I'm going to be doing is I'm going to be looking at Northbeam and Triple Whale at the campaign and ad set level. And this is really important too, when you see, oh, maybe I shouldn't turn off this campaign. Maybe I should turn off this ad set.

I would always be validating that on a third party platform like Triple Whale or Northbeam. I would say though, the big caveat is if you are a brand new business and you only really have one source of traffic, aka Facebook, I don't think that these platforms are really worth it for you because you can pretty much assume that any customer that is coming through is likely coming through Facebook ads. However, if you're on multiple platforms, you're using Google, you're using TikTok and you have some more organic traffic, that's when I really see a lot of value in these platforms.

And I do tend to look at the ad set and the campaign level to make sure that I'm not missing anything because there have been times when performance looked bad on a certain ad set. But then when I looked at it in Triple Wear or Northbeam, it was actually doing really well. So I realized, oh, instead of scaling it down, I had to actually scale it up.

Again, this is just the way that I do it. This is just the way that I think about optimizing Facebook ad campaigns. I'm really curious about what you guys think.

So please be sure to leave me a comment below and tell me how you go about optimizing your campaigns or what surprised you about this video. And I will see you guys next week. Bye.