A huge thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video. This is one of the most common problems I hear on meta ads. It'll be something along the lines of this.

Oh, every time I launch a new creative, it'll perform for two to four days, and then all of a sudden results will fall off a cliff. Sound familiar? I'm gonna let you in on a little secret, come close.

It's probably not your account structure, or your targeting, or even how you're testing your creative. The main culprit is likely this. Yeah, just your ad creative in general, unfortunately.

But the truth is, is that you can make a creative that is inherently more appealing to a broader group of people without that much additional effort as well. So in today's video, we're gonna talk about why make scalable creative. This is gonna be an important reframing lesson I think we all need.

And number two, we're gonna dive into how to make scalable creative the real meat of this video. And then finally, I wanna share the story of a top performing creative that I actually made recently. So let's go ahead and dive in.

Number one, why make more scalable creative? So if you're a media buyer, a creative strategist, or you're a founder doing it all yourself, I want you to do something next time you're writing a creative brief for a team member to execute on. And this might seem very simple, so please bear with me.

When you're making this ad creative, I want you to come with the perspective of how to make this ad creative more scalable, or how to make it more appealing to a broader group of people. How can you frame this ad so that as many people will wanna buy from it as possible? How would that change your messaging?

How would that change the creators you're using? How would that even change some of the formats that you're using? This is actually one of the big lessons that I learned at the agency several years ago.

I'll actually never forget one of my first days at thesis when it all clicked for me. One of my mentors explained that in order to really scale, we had to have an ecosystem for that scale to take place. This includes a few things, like number one, broad audiences.

They are the most scalable audience after all. Landing pages with a high conversion rate. We often found that quizzes and listicles served this purpose for us.

And then finally, direct response creative that appealed to a broader amount of people. And because of this training, now every time I look at an ad creative, I ask myself the question, how scalable is this creative really? Is this appealing to the largest amount of people possible?

Can I add an extra hook to push that further? Can I add an extra variation on an image creative to make sure that it's appealing as wide as possible, especially if some of those headlines are quite niched down. Now I wanna dive into this graphic that shows you how I think about scalable creative.

But first I wanna talk about Storyblocks. Storyblocks is a long time friend of the channel. And they have a curated content library that has literally everything that you need to make high quality video ads that convert on Meta.

They have over a million 4K and HD pieces of footage, music, sound effects, clips, images, and so much more. Now the reason why I like Storyblocks is because I find that it combines really well with UGC. Here are a few clips that I've actually been testing out recently that I really like.

Countdown timers like this one. Any type of money clip, I really like using these as overlays. I also like things like this to use as stickers on ad creative.

Or these green screen ones, which have been super helpful to me recently. Now the awesome thing about Storyblocks is they are constantly adding new clips. So there's always gonna be something new for you to test.

And the best part is, is that anything that you download with Storyblocks is 100% royalty free. Yes, even if you're using it for ads. And the thing that I personally like as someone who's led many teams is you don't have to fumble around with AI solutions, hire a creator, or God forbid, create a whole new photo shoot or video shoot to get the type of content that will actually convert and that you need immediately.

To get started with unlimited stock downloads at one set price, go to storyblocks.com slash Dara Denny, or click the link in the description below. Okay, now back to how to make scalable creative. Now inherently, some formats are going to lend themselves to being more scalable or more appealing to a broader amount of people.

So when we look at the stages of awareness, right? When we think about people who are unaware and the type of content that's good at converting them, we're thinking about celebrity content or more educational content, how to content, tutorial based content. And below that is going to be problem aware individuals.

This is really where UGC and single testimonials really shine. I often find when I am looking at a top performing UGC ad, it is generally coming from the problem aware stage. Founder stories are often in this place as well.

And then solution aware. So this is going to be your us versus them. You are literally comparing your solution to someone else.

And then we also have the features benefit call out here. And then as we go further down to product aware and most aware, we have things like testimonials, three reasons why, and then finally those offers, right? Now I often hear marketers and gurus talking about the levels of awareness.

And yeah, this is pretty much what this is. And no, I did not personally make this up. This is a marketing fundamental, but the way that I like to think about it in particular is how these levels of awareness lend themselves to inherently producing more scalable creative or creative that's more likely to convert.

Now let's take a step back here and look at these all together, right? When looking at this, a few things start to click for me. Like number one, when working with a new brand, I often find that their first top performing creatives are going to be something like an us versus them ad or even a features point out ad.

And the reason why is because you're actually doing less selling on a colder, unaware audience, right? You are essentially just explaining why you are better than their competition. So they are already kind of sold on the solution, but they just need to be sold on why you are the best solution, not necessarily the solution itself.

I like to consider these people low hanging fruit. So oftentimes when I am talking with brands that say, hey, we are always launching creatives and they'll do well for a few days or a few weeks. And then they always die at a certain point.

When I take a look at them, I'm like, okay, you're actually creating content that is in the solution aware or even product aware. And you're not really going up further in that funnel of awareness. So one of the first things that I often suggest they do is, okay, how can you actually take your messaging a little bit further up so that you can start to try to convert people in a place that is more scalable?

I think a really good place to see this in action is actually with these ads from Array, right? So we have this first one here that is three reasons why you should buy ArrayBloat. Now this is very clearly product aware, right?

Because we have the product and the headline and it's three reasons why. This is essentially just like giving people reasons why to buy you specifically. And then we go up a little bit to an ad creative that I would consider more solution aware, right?

Try this to get instant relief from bloating and IBS. Now we can see this is likely some type of supplement, right? It's not some other mode.

So that's why I have it more in that solution. But you could argue this one and also D-Bloat in under one hour, those are going to be more problem aware. But I do think the try this messaging is just a little bit more solution aware.

And then when we go a little bit higher up, I would probably classify this next one between problem aware or unaware, which is five ways that Array makes you feel a thousand times better. Now you could also argue, oh, but this is using the name and the headline. So maybe that is actually more product aware.

I would argue the reason why I think the three reasons why you should not buy ArrayBloat is more product aware. And this one is actually going to be more unaware is because we don't actually know the problem yet that it's serving, right? Until we start to look underneath.

And I guess that my big caveat here and why I actually do not like teaching new strategists and people who are new to marketing, these type of marketing awareness levels is I actually think it's kind of a bad place to start your messaging journey. I actually really like in retrospect, being able to look at ad creative and be like, Oh, what, what part of the messaging journey is this actually being taken from? Because I find that some of the other angles that you can take with your messaging, like leading into a core human desire, specificity angles, problem angles, these are much better at driving performance than thinking about what type of awareness level.

So again, I really like coming at this angle of, okay, how can we make this more scalable instead of it being the beginning place? If that makes sense. Okay.

Let's dive into story time. So I actually recently made a top performing creative for one of the brands that I work with. Uh, yes, it feels so good when this happens, right?

Now I can't show you the actual creative because client privacy and EAs, yada, yada. But I want to explain what I did and show some examples that are pretty similar. So we had a top performing ad creative that one of my colleagues had made.

That was literally the winning ad for months. It was actually an image ad and they had done a few variations of it. And there was one that just really was knocking it out of the park for months, mind you.

And the headline itself was super offer driven. We were highlighting a bundle offer that essentially said something along the lines of like, get three for $9 each. So after this creative just kept on being in the top performers month after month, I was like, Ooh, I want to actually try some new iterations just with the headline and see if we can get a little bit more scale out of this.

So I decided to test a few different headlines that were really similar to what's in these ad creatives. The first one highlighted women of a specific age, kind of like this Malley cosmetics ad. Now, something that we had seen before with this brand is, Oh, if we call out a certain age demographic that can really drive performance for us.

So I wanted to take that learning that we had seen elsewhere and try it on this specific creative. Another one that we wanted to try was actually calling out a specific demographic in the one of moms. And actually this was something that we hadn't really tested before, but we had seen lots of chatter in the comments section and in reviews.

And we thought, okay, we know that there's a big part of our market who are moms. Let's try using a headline that calls them out directly. The next one was super similar to this lively ad, which was about how our product went viral on TikTok.

Now, the reason why I chose this specific type of headline was because another top performing creative that we had that was more UGC in nature actually had that as the hook. So I thought, okay, let's try testing it on this specific image. And the final one that we had was really similar to this Thrive Cosmetics ad, which essentially said, Hey, you can get this type of transformation in this amount of time.

So more of a time-based perk for our audience. So which one do you think won by a landslide? Let me know in the comments if you're right, by the way, because I I'll tell you, it wasn't the one that I thought was going to win.

The one that I honestly thought was going to win was going to be moms or the TikTok virality one. Honestly, we just saw so much traction out of the other ad for the TikTok virality one that I was like, okay, I think that one's likely going to get some amount of scale. The moms one actually was the second top performer, but it was actually the time-based perk was the one that really continued to scale out as now the top performing ad in the account.

And when I take a step back and I really think about it, when I think about all the demographics that we serve, all of them saw this time-based perk as something that they would really be interested in. So when we're thinking about how to make the most scalable creative and how to make a creative that appeals to the broadest amount of people, you know, when we're thinking, oh, moms, are they going to be interested in this time-based perk? Yes.

Women of a certain age, are they going to be interested in this time-based perk? Yes. People who are interested in viral TikTok makeup?

Yes, exactly. Sometimes when thinking about scalable creative happens in retrospect, but I remember when I was sitting down to make the iterations, I thought, okay, how can I do another one that's going to be a lot more broad? But I was also thinking more about that specificity, right?

This is an Ogilvy learning that I've talked about many times is you really want to be as specific as possible. So being able to call out that specific time period is something that my audience really values. It's something that the community really values.

So I was able to start there, but in retrospect, I'm like, okay, actually, this is more of a scalable audience. I hope that makes sense. I'm kind of rambling.

So my suggestion here actually is to number one, take a step back and look at some of your top performers in your ad account. Where were they at specifically in the marketing journey? And if you've seen creatives that were performing good for a while, but then maybe stopped performing as well, is there a way that you can actually take that messaging a little further up in the level of awareness and see if potentially you can get some more juice out of that creative?

All right, guys, I hope this was super helpful. Let me know in the comments what you thought about this video and I'll see you guys next week. Bye.