Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today we're going to be diving into the best campaign structure for your Facebook ads. And we're talking at the campaign ad set and ad level, so I'll actually be showing you guys exactly how I set up a basic Facebook ads funnel.

So you can get off on the right foot and actually start making some money. And this is so important, you guys. I've seen so many young brands and advertisers setting up their campaigns in a way that actually loses them tons of money.

So be sure to watch this entire video so you don't waste your ad dollars. Before we dive in, I want to talk about the three mistakes I see so many brands making on Facebook ads. Number one, they're not using the right objectives.

For e-com, if you're trying to make purchases, you should be mostly using conversion campaigns. And I have a video for that, but I'll link below in the description. And number two, they're not doing prospecting and retargeting.

And number three, if they are doing prospecting and retargeting, all of their ad sets are mixed together and it's a complete mess. So the number one rule that I have for setting up Facebook ads campaigns is that your campaigns need to be separated by what part of the funnel they're in. So if you have prospecting campaigns, these are your cold audience, your customer acquisition audiences, people who've never heard of you.

Those need to be in a separate campaign for people who've engaged with you on social media, been to your website, or even added a cart. You can make this structure super elaborate, but I've actually found the best results by simplifying it. So here's an overview of the basic Facebook ads account structure that I've used on hundreds of accounts.

This is a great starting place and oftentimes we tweak things here or there, but this is the basic account structure that we start with. You can see that we have four campaigns, two prospecting and two retargeting. And just a brief note on the naming convention, at campaign level, I like to note which part of the funnel the targeting is set at, the objective chosen, and the bidding strategy.

Really, the best way to do this is the one that makes the most sense for you. So the first campaign that we have here is prospecting conversions testing. This means that all of these ad sets are going to be targeting people who have never heard of us, so this is a cold traffic.

We have a conversion objective set. So like I said, this is our testing campaign that we're using to test out new targeting strategies. You can see here that we're testing out a new customer avatar and a higher percentage lookalike using ad set budgeting.

So I have an entire video that dives into choosing between CBO and ad set budgeting. Be sure to watch that video to understand why I use ad set budgeting for testing new audiences. But the gist of it is, is that I'm more accurately to determine the performance of an ad set by having more control over the ad spend.

So this is my scaling campaign. It houses all the best performing ad sets and is set to CBO because this is the best way I've found to scale. And essentially what I do here is if I find an audience that does well in the testing campaign, I'll actually put it in here and increase the budgets.

And next is retargeting conversion CBO. This is our bare bones retargeting funnel. And just a note on why I chose CBO here, I always find that using CBO or campaign budget optimization for retargeting, I get a lot better results.

So that's just a best practice I tend to follow. And this campaign is our bare bones retargeting funnel. Inside we have both website visitors and social engagers.

And you'll see that we actually have the retargeting windows set up as high as they'll go. 180 for website visitors and 365 for social engagers. This is a strategic choice, but best results do tend to vary from brand to brand.

And this is just where I start off. And a next possible test or iteration would be to actually break out those audiences into 7, 14, 30, 90, and 180 days just to see where we're actually still getting purchases. But again, I always start here just so that you can start with the biggest possible data set.

And the next campaign we're looking at is retargeting DPA CBO. This contains your dynamic product ads, particularly for your super hot audiences that have indicated interest in a product by viewing it or adding it to their cart. Using DPA or dynamic product ads, you can actually retarget those people with product images of the item that they're interested in.

And here I actually use the opposite strategy. I like to start with a 7 and 14 day windows to make sure this is a viable strategy. Because I've just noticed that sometimes like people aren't converting on these product image ads.

And if it is, I'll explore higher look back windows such as 30, 60, and even all the way up to 180 days. Now a note about ads. I do try to keep the number of ads in all of these campaigns to about 3 or 4 or 5 at the most.

I do have another video all about how many ads you should be keeping in your ad sets too that I'll link below. Just be sure that regardless of how many ads you have in each ad set, that you're actually testing out different formats like carousel, video, and Instagram stories to give your campaigns the best shot at success. So since you're still on this video, that actually tells me that you're super committed to understanding Facebook ads and making it work for your business.

You're exactly the kind of person that I'm making these videos for. So if you have any questions about Facebook ads, be sure to leave me a question in the comments. I'm really active there and I love helping out entrepreneurs figure out how to make the platform work for them.

Okay, thanks guys. Bye.