What's up marketers? In today's video, I'm going to talk about everything you need to know about Facebook ads, more specifically about the Facebook ads algorithm in 2021 and what you need to know to find success from your Facebook ads. Now, this video is something I wish every single new media buyer or business owner that is new to Facebook ads would watch because it's going to really help frame the way that you approach your strategy on the platform.

And I even think that seasoned advertisers are going to be interested in my approach because every media buyer is different and there are very few best practices in Facebook ads land. So let's go ahead and jump right into it. The number one thing that you need to know about the Facebook ads algorithm is that Facebook and Instagram prioritize content, including ads that their users want to see and engage with.

They have to or else people are going to stop coming to the platform. Otherwise advertisers could just get away with having crappy creative and essentially our news feeds would just be straight garbage. So this means a few things for advertisers.

Number one, if people aren't engaging with your ads and they're not buying from your ads, then Facebook is going to penalize you with higher costs and maybe even disable your ad account. And this is to protect their ecosystem. And number two, on the flip side, if people are engaging with your ads, if they're liking and commenting and sharing your ads or even going to your website or buying from your ads, then Facebook is going to reward you with lower costs.

And by showing your ad to more people who are likely to buy. What I'm trying to say here is the Facebook ads algorithm is completely dependent on engaging content. And sometimes I actually see this play out in black and white on my accounts.

So for instance, say I have a conversion campaign that has a few ad sets and inside each of those ad sets, I have six ads. Sometimes I actually see that an ad that has a higher click through rate, which is a really good way to measure engagement on your ads is actually getting more spend as opposed to an ad that actually has more purchasers. And again, that is because Facebook is actually prioritizing that more engaging content, regardless of the fact that it's not getting as many sales.

Because again, keeping the newsfeed stocked with quality content is far more important to Facebook than you producing sales from your Facebook ads. And this is why creative is the most important lever that you can pull inside of your Facebook ads account. You need to figure out what kind of content is going to get your audience to engage so that Facebook keeps on showing your ads to the right people.

And this is why things like the learning phase or even audience overlap aren't as big of a deal as people make them out to be. Now for the learning phase, you need to have 50 tracked events in one week on one ad set to get out of learning. And I actually understand that many businesses don't actually have enough budget to get out of learning then.

But the idea here is that if you get out of learning, then you're going to have more consistent results from your Facebook ads. But in practice, that's very seldom how I see it actually playing out. The truth is, even if you get out of learning phase and you strike gold on a certain creative and audience combination, that is probably not going to take you as far as you think it's going to.

I often see that audience fatigue, of course, it's different for every brand can set in after three weeks or a month. There are a few golden nugget ads that can carry an account for several months. I've even seen one ad that was running for like more than a year, which was crazy, but these are outliers.

These things are very rare. And really the best way to attain success with your Facebook ads is to test as many creatives as possible, which actually means you're going to be in the learning phase quite a bit. The reality is, is that the impact that the learning phase has on your ads is minimal compared to creative, your landing page, and of course, ultimately your product.

Additionally, with audience overlap, Facebook actually has many safeguards to prevent you from blasting your ads on a certain audience again and again. And this is true even if those audiences are in separate ad sets or even separate campaigns. Of course, you should always keep a close eye on your frequency because Facebook isn't perfect, but the idea that there's massive overlap happening inside of several ad accounts, and that's something that media buyers should be worrying about, especially on a small level, is actually just something I see not really making an impact on accounts.

Now, if you want to lean into the Facebook algorithm on full blast, which is like the advertising equivalent of Jesus take the wheel, then you need to check out the Power Five. This is Facebook's recommended set of best practices. And essentially this means for you to use account simplification, dynamic creative, campaign budget optimization, detailed targeting expansion, and auto-advance matching.

And you have to use these on your entire account and essentially let Facebook do all of your bidding decisions for you. And I actually have a video that's all about that that you can see right here. Now, in my day-to-day managing accounts, I actually use several Power Five best practices, but I generally don't use them all together anymore, particularly dynamic creative testing.

I've just actually found that it's really hard to attain statistical significance on your creative combinations when using dynamic creative testing. Additionally, I've also found it to be less and less effective in 2021, but you know, test at your own risk. I always test it on my accounts at least once.

Now, this is all great information, but how do I find success on Facebook ads? How do you find success on your Facebook ads? That's what we're going to talk about now.

And number one, I know I say this a lot in all of my videos, but creative really is the number one lever that you can pull in your Facebook ads in 2021, which means you're going to have to test as many creative strategies and concepts as possible. Now I have tons of great videos all about creative strategies. So be sure to take a look at those that are sure to help you generate some ideas.

And there are even some that show you how to make them yourself super easy. Now, another key to finding success on your Facebook ads is of course, to use the right objective. I still see people using traffic campaigns and brand awareness campaigns in 2021.

Please stop, just use conversion campaigns or even catalog sales if you want to run dynamic product ads. And yeah, I've heard a lot of media buyers say, oh, if you're have a new pixel, you need to use a traffic campaign so you can season your pixel. And this is just not true.

And if anyone ever gave me money to run their Facebook ads, I would never ever do this strategy. With that said, try it your own risk. All media buyers are different.

Additionally, in 2021, you no longer need to trick Facebook ads into getting the kind of results that you want. If you want purchases optimized for purchase, even if you are a new pixel. Now, if you're finding that that's not working right out of the gate, then I would try for something like add to cart, but I am never going to be running those traffic or brand awareness campaigns to try to get those purchases.

Now, the last thing I want to talk about that's been really impactful for a lot of my clients is using that simplified account structure. And I really prefer using the tofu, mofu, and bofu method. Now, if you're not sure what that is, I also have another great video that's all about that for you right here, which essentially means top of funnel.

That's your cold traffic, people who've never heard from you, your middle of funnel traffic. Those are people who've maybe been to your website once or twice or people who've engaged with you on social media. And then your bottom of funnel, hot, hot, hot traffic.

Those people are ready to convert. They've already indicated interest in a specific product by visiting a product page or even adding it to cart. At the very least, you should be sure to be separating your prospecting traffic from your retargeting.

This helps you learn a lot about what kind of creative is making movements in your prospecting versus retargeting. So what I often see plays out is that there's certain types of messaging that works a lot better for a cold audience. And then there's also a certain type of messaging that actually gets people to buy once they've already become familiar with your brand.

Additionally, this kind of structure is going to force your spend to be way more efficient. In fact, I actually recently took over an account that had a super messy setup. They had several campaigns that had both prospecting and retargeting audience in each campaign.

And by doing a simple structure that was just tofu, mofu, and bofu, three campaigns, that's it. It actually brought their costs from a CAC of $95 to $65, which is incredibly significant, especially considering that I wasn't changing their landing pages or their creative. And that is it.

If you guys have any more questions about the Facebook Ads algorithm, please be sure to hit me up in the comments below. And if you are a media buyer, I would love to hear your own theories about the Facebook Ads algorithm. We all got them.

And some of it is just theory. Some of it's based in practice. And I'd love to hear both.

And that's it. See you next week. Bye.