This is what 150K creative strategist actually does and why all brands are desperately hiring for this role right now. So creative strategists are the people behind every ad that you see on Instagram and TikTok that actually make you want to buy something. But this role didn't even really exist three years ago and now companies are paying six figures because they can't find qualified people to actually fill it.

I'm going to show you the exact curriculum that creates expert creative strategist. We're also going to go over the four must-haves that you need to actually get a full-time job. Plus I'm going to let you in on the framework that I use to evaluate whether or not someone actually deserves that 150K salary or a promotion.

Now I've hired dozens of creative strategists, worked with nine-figure brands and built the systems that separate the top 10 from everyone else. And by the end of this video, you're going to know exactly how to become one of them. So what is a creative strategist exactly?

Or rather, what do they do? Plainly, they research, they strategize, they ideate, they script, project manage, and often write the copy for the ads that show up on social media. And moving into 2026, that expectation also includes being an expert in AI for research, for workflow, and processes, and even production.

Now another big shift that I'm seeing is this role is now just as responsible for business growth and results as the growth or media buying teams. Many creative strategists are actually more on the growth team these days than they are on the creative team or on the brand marketing team. So if your team doesn't already operate like that, they absolutely will soon.

And just as importantly, because it really does need to be stated, a creative strategist is not a designer. They are not a video editor. And if you are looking for one of those combo deals, then you're absolutely going to be paying top dollar, probably more than 150k.

Now let's talk about the creative strategist curriculum. If creative strategy were a college degree, it would cover psychology, copywriting, storytelling, productions, analytics, and yes, even project management. You're going to be part psychologist, part marketer, part creative director, and part analysis.

Now I actually created a playlist for you that will go over most of this for you for free. But if you are interested, I do have a course that is coming out soon, be sure to sign up in the waiting list below. If you can master all of these, you will be a tier one creative strategist.

And candidly, if you even master half of it, you are going to be better than 90% of the creative strategists out there today. And hint, hint, this is the checklist that I use to make sure someone is worthy of that 150k role. So let's go through each of these one by one.

And I'm going to have some of my favorite resources pop up for you so that you know exactly how to get started. So module one is going to be your foundations. This is really about building the right mindset that you need as a creative strategist to thrive.

Number two, consumer psychology. You need to really understand on a psychological human level, why people buy and how they are motivated and what their core desires are. Module three, customer research.

You need to figure out how to figure all of that psychology stuff out, right? So you need to learn how to turn reviews and comments into actual insight. Number four, concepting, which means writing hooks, stories, and copy that really capture your core audience.

Formats that convert. You really need to understand to the T the proven formats that work across meta, TikTok, and beyond. Creators and content.

So this is essentially how you can forge those really powerful partnerships with creators to accurately tell your brand story. Creative lifecycle, that project management stuff, testing and iteration. And then you also need to be able to look into the future and anticipate the thing that's going to come next.

And right now, this is absolutely AI. If you can master all of these, then you more than deserve the 150k salary. Now, for many of these, you saw Motion pop up.

And hands down, they are the number one resource for creative strategists and an absolute must know tool in the industry. I am actually chief evangelist at Motion, and a longtime user of their creative analytics software. They also lead the D2C industry in providing creative strategy education.

So definitely make sure that they are on your radar. And I wanted to share some of the really cool updates that they actually have to their creative analytics reporting. Before, most reporting was based on naming conventions, but now they have glossary and AI tagging, which is huge.

And they also have the ability to analyze ad comments, which is massive. This is something I do almost daily. And I love now being able to do it directly inside of Motion.

Additionally, they now allow you to also build a memory of your past performance and easily export to chat GPT so that you can have a conversation and dive a lot further into your data. Be sure to check them out and absolutely sign up for their newsletter, Thumbstop. It is such a great resource in this industry.

Now let's break down the freelance versus agency versus in-house paths. Which one is better? So you're going to have three major pathways as a creative strategist, freelance, in-house at a brand, or an agency.

These all have really unique inner career pathways and salaries. And if you have no experience and you're starting from a blank slate, you're probably going to start doing off some freelance work, some gigs. But I would highly suggest cutting your teeth at both an agency and in-house at some point in your career.

There are tons of pros and cons to each, but I highly suggest that you actually work for an agency early on so that you can really get that grit and have a wide range of experience across brands. And then you could work for a brand more mid-career to go more in-depth and get more of that full funnel experience. Now your best entry point to get a full-time role is likely going to be with a smaller agency or a brand who is willing to take a chance on you.

Honestly, it's how I got my first role at a small agency. And the cool thing is here too, that there is a big appetite now for agencies and brands to hire a lot more overseas, way more common than it was a few years ago. So if you want a full-time role with that American USD, it is completely available to people all across the world.

So my advice is to know the bigger and smaller agencies that are hiring, make a list of those brands that you really aspire to work with and use that to guide who you are engaging with online. Which brings me to the next really important part must-haves to land your first creative strategy role. Now you don't need a college degree to get this kind of role.

In fact, I've never once looked at someone's college education when determining if I was going to hire them or candidly even interview them. What's most important is their mindset and the results of their work. I'm going to keep it 100 with you.

It is going to be really hard to find a full-time entry-level job as a creative strategist with zero experience. So if you are looking for an easy entry point, this is likely not going to be the role for you. With one small exception, if you are a student, there are some paid internships that do exist.

Like a few of these that I recently found, which was crazy. I didn't see these even like a year or two ago. But many of you like me didn't have that experience right out of college or in college.

I actually pivoted into this industry and I won't lie, I definitely had a hard time getting my first-time role at an agency. And I probably wouldn't have if it wasn't for these four things that really led me to getting my first few gigs and eventually that full-time role. Number one, you need to build your presence and your relationships.

So be sure to connect with founders and brands and other strategists, even just showing up in their DMs or comments. And again, I would really start with your favorite brands here to keep it more authentic, but probably the smaller they are, the more likely that you'll actually get recognized. If you're really serious, DM five founders or strategists a week with genuine questions or compliments, but don't expect to hear back from everyone.

Number two, build a presence on LinkedIn, Twitter, and TikTok where you share your ideas or breakdowns. I would actually suggest posting one to two times per week on LinkedIn and Twitter. And it could be as simple as you breaking down an ad you like or explaining why you like it.

Go back to the curriculum. Another honesty moment here is your name and face being known is often what gets you into the room before your experience does. So be sure to optimize your profile with a really clear headline, say something like expiring creative strategist, page social, and have a good photo.

Those things really do go a long way. Now, number two, let's talk about education. Go through the curriculum.

I would also suggest taking one to two targeted courses. Berry Hot has an amazing course that many people love. I also have a course that will be coming out in a few months.

Be sure to sign up for the waitlist in the description bar below. There's also a backlog of motion courses that are absolutely top notch. Number three, community.

I would highly suggest joining one to two paid or free marketing communities. So think Slack, Discord, Facebook groups, or school. I found that these tend to have the best access to gigs and jobs like the Foxwell founders group, Wiz Ecom, or even Sarah Levinger's group.

Now, when you're in these groups, it's really important that you actually contribute. And once you start to make relationships, then you can start to ask about freelance opportunities or even shadowing roles once you've built that rapport. And number four, results.

You need to have them. You need to show proof that you know what you're talking about. Now, I would think of it more like you are showing your proof of dedication and thinking at this point versus just showing the results of your work.

But I won't lie. I see a lot of people suggesting to show results of transferable data. Think email marketing metrics or lead generation metrics.

And as someone who has hired creative strategists, I just don't care. Unless it was organic social media or content creation, you do need to show the results of your work as a creative strategist to get that full-time role, which is why you're going to need to have some of those gigs to start off or agree to start on a freelance basis. Now, some of the best people I've ever interviewed were people who went out and got their experience themselves and spent some of their own money, maybe starting a small brand on the side, running ads for your own services or even local businesses.

I know that you want to make money doing this and this seems overly complicated and maybe you're not in the position to do it, but I'm just going to be honest, this is something that stood out to me in the past. Now, there are other easy entry points to this role. I've routinely hired and seen success from UGC creators who became creative strategists or video editors, designers, and media buyers.

I was a media buyer when I first started off in this industry, as well as a marketing assistant. So if you already have some of that experience, you're already quite a bit ahead in this process. Number six, let's talk about that interview.

Let's talk about how to ace the interview. Now I've shared the cover letters and resumes that got me the jobs. Feel free to refer to those in this video, but the biggest thing that I actually did to get roles and gigs came from how well I prepared for these interviews.

Now, these are the questions that I would say you really need to prep for, which should help how you approach this entire process, even the first few weeks at the job itself. Number one, how do you approach creative strategy? This is intentionally vague.

And what I really like to see here as someone who has hired a lot of creative strategists is someone who has a step-by-step process on how they first approach a brand that they are going to work with. The next question that you should know how to answer is how do you approach an ad that has failed or one that has performed well? The reality is, is that you're not always going to have your work produce great results, especially when you're first starting off.

So how do you approach in a systematic way content that isn't performing as well? How do you make iterations to make sure that you can get that performance? And then when things are performing well, how do you capitalize on that?

How do you double down on that? Again, a lot of these are about understanding their thought process and how they approach their work. The next question that I really like to ask creative strategists is how do you keep everything in order?

This job involves so many moving pieces and it also involves a lot of different departments. So I need to make sure that I'm hiring someone who is highly organized and has their own internal system. And then I also really love to understand where they get their education.

Tell them that you watch this channel. This is a great free resource for you guys. But I also want to see if they are a part of any other communities, what other creators they watch.

But this really just does show me that they are passionate about this industry and that they are invested in bettering themselves. And the next one, what brands do you look to for inspiration? Honestly, I can't tell you how many times I've been in an interview with a creative strategist and they've said something like Nike.

And I'm just like, do you even like marketing? So candidly, I really look for people who are looking at brands that have great paid social advertising. The reality is, is that like Nike doesn't really need paid social.

It's like mostly catalogs and some of their big campaigns, but they are not using direct response tactics on paid social. So every time someone says that I'm like, ugh, I want to know who you like for their meta ads or for their direct response. And then the final question, how do you approach creative differences on a team?

This is something that happens a lot. It's really important to make sure that they have healthy conflict resolution when they are working with other people. I don't really care how great of a creative strategist you are.

If you're not easy to work with, if I don't like working with you, you're not going to work with me that much longer. Now, as you are going through this interview, you need to find ways that you can answer these two questions for them without them having to ask it. Number one, where can you provide the most value?

Are you really, really talented at making content? Are you really talented at more top of funnel content? Really hone in on what your biggest value is to this industry and make sure that they know it as they are walking away from the interview.

And another thing as well is make sure that they know exactly what you are most excited about in regards to this opportunity. What do you like the most about this specific opportunity? Yes, creative strategy jobs are kind of hard to come by these days, but I always really like to see someone who's able to articulate why they want to work with me or the brand that I am working with specifically.

Now it's one thing to get the job right, but how do you be the best? How do you become the best creative strategist possible? So at the agency where I currently partner, we actually have a set of 10 commandments that represent what we think makes the top tier creative strategist.

I'm not going to go through every single one of these, but they are all ones that I constantly go back to when evaluating whether or not to hire someone, give them a promotion, or give them a raise. If you're curious about any one of these in particular, be sure to leave me a comment and I will absolutely respond to you as soon as possible. But I do want to highlight a few of these.

Number one, obsess about performance. I want to see a creative strategist launch a test and literally check in on it every time of day, several times a day. Like I want to know that they are motivated by performance and good results.

And candidly, I find that that's a trait that's pretty hard to train. Additionally, they need to obsess about the customer. I want to see them getting really fired up about doing in-depth research, customer review, mining, and uncovering huge insights that translate to big ideas.

Honestly, nothing thrills me more when I see a creative strategist really get into that. Another one that's really important is you need to take a hundred percent ownership of your work. Ultimately, creative performance is your responsibility and getting your projects delivered on time is also a part of that.

This is another thing I find really hard to train. Another great one is to know your weaknesses and create coaches around them. If you're actually curious to know how I make AI coaches, let me know in the comments, because that is something that I've been really passionate about recently and have been showing my team.

Ultimately, all of these are going to be super important. And I fully believe that AI is going to do it better than the average B grade creative strategist within the next 12 months. And the question you need to be constantly asking yourself is, will I have a job done?

Now let's talk about the frameworks to making 150K. So making 150K means that you have to make 12,500 per month. And on the freelance side, I know a lot of creative strategists of varying degrees and levels of experience that charge anywhere from $400 per client all the way up to 10K per client.

And if I were you, I would try to get to that 1000 to 1500 per client as soon as possible, which would ideally include research, briefing, roadmapping, project management, QA, and analysis slash reporting, which means that you could get close to that 150K salary with about eight clients. Now likely a full-time slash entry level role will look like 65K per year, especially if you are overseas. However, if you are on the coast of the United States, this is likely to look more like 85K per year.

Again, this is entry level first time job, which is crazy because my first job out of college 10 years ago was only 40K per year. Again, entry level first job. However, if you are talented and dedicated, you will get to six figures pretty quickly.

This is the hardest role to hire for. I can attest to that. And if you are talented, people are absolutely going to pay you and treat you right.

Or you're going to be able to find another job really quickly. If you focus on being the best in your craft, you will absolutely get there. And I also think that if you're strategic about moving companies every two to three years, you'll optimize your salary just fine.

All right, bring it on home. The seven figure creative strategist. I actually think that there's going to be a lot more millionaire creative strategists in 2026.

Sure, some of it is going to be due to AI, but I also think it's because it's never been easier and more accepted to just like get on a camera and yap. Now, the key here is that the seven figure creative strategist doesn't just sell your time. You're not going to make seven figures by writing briefs, unless you sell them.

But candidly, these people are going to be selling systems. They're going to be consulting. They're going to have paid communities courses, and they have agencies and even brands and products.

Now, the reason why I wanted to make this video, the 150K creative strategist is I think this is a really great ceiling to break through as soon as possible. Once you break through that salary band, you start to realize just how much is possible and how much greatness you are candidly capable of. And that's it.

If you guys have any more questions about what it takes to become 150K creative strategist in 2026, let me know. I am so, so passionate about this industry. I love providing this education to you guys.

And really, like, I just want to be here to help service you and help make you better and help you guys reach your dreams. So, as always, always feel free to DM me, tell me what's going on, give me something in the comments so that I can continue to make content that actually moves the needle for you. And I'll see you guys next week.

Love you. Bye.