What's up marketers? In today's video I'm going to dive into one of your most common questions which is how much should I charge as a media buyer? I'm going to dive into common deal structures for media buyers, what this looks like for agencies versus freelancers, and also show you some of the deals that I've secured for myself throughout my career.

So the first thing I want to talk about are deal structures. It's really important before we dive into the dollar amounts that we understand exactly how these deals can be structured because this is ultimately going to affect the end dollar amount significantly. So there are four main structures that agencies, media buyers, and brands use when hiring out this type of work.

The first one, the most simple, is the flat rate which essentially says that I'm going to charge the client x amount for this specific scope. So to give an example a media buyer could tell a potential client, hey I'm going to charge you three grand to manage your Facebook ads account. I would say this type of flat rate structure is pretty common and to be honest now that I'm doing some consulting this is often what I like to do because I'm not necessarily managing the Facebook ads account one-to-one or I'm doing some type of creative strategy or even just developing that creative.

So it's a bit nuanced and honestly I just like to keep it simple because I don't want to track my hours and I don't want to track percentage of spend so it's a lot easier to just do a flat rate that I know is going to be worth it for me ultimately. The second type of structure is hourly. So the idea is is that you're going to have to track your hours for a specific project and you're going to be charging a specific dollar amount for that.

So say you are going to be managing a Facebook ads account you could say hey I'm going to charge $35 per hour to manage this account. This is something that I've done before in the past and I'll speak a little bit about that later. Third is you could charge a percentage of spend.

This is a really really common agency model. So a media buyer or an agency could say hey I'm going to charge you this percentage of all the media spend that I'm managing and I would say 10% is probably the most common deal that I've seen for these type of agency payment structures. So what this actually looked like is say an agency was managing $100k in ad spent for the month they would then turn around to the client and say hey your bill for this month of media spend is $10,000.

Now the fourth type of structure is a performance-based structure and the idea here is that you get a certain CPA your cost per purchase you get a certain ROAS you get a certain amount of tracked purchases through your ads then that's going to determine how you're going to be paid. Sometimes I see this structured like a tiered structure so if you get 50 purchases you're going to get paid this much if you get 100 you're going to get paid this much if you get more than that you're going to get paid this much. But to be honest this is a method that is preferred by brand owners hiring media buyers and literally no one else.

I have not met a single other media buyer that actually preferred this method because a lot of times performance is frankly out of the hands of the media buyer. But I do understand why clients and brands really like this structure because a lot of them feel like they've been burned by poor performing media buyers in the past. So they're trying to protect themselves and their brand by utilizing this type of performance-based structure.

But to be honest what you really should be doing is just partnering with someone you trust. I know it's really hard. Actually if you're looking for a media buyer I have tons of great connects be sure to leave me a comment below and I'll reach out to you via email.

Next up I want to talk about what this actually looks like for agencies versus freelancers. And the first thing that I want to mention is that frankly all deals are negotiable and each deal should be fitting the unique needs of the client so you should actually be analyzing exactly what they need to be done and how much time it's going to take you to management and how much an emotional and mental and physical lift it's going to take for you to actually execute on the work that they need to be successful. And also take a look at what type of pricing is going to actually incentivize you to be excited to do that work.

So what I often see for agencies right now is for the smaller boutique type of agencies oftentimes their deals are going to be on the low end five to seven to eight K per month. But I've also seen engagements that went all the way up to 60 K per month and that has a lot to do with the percentage of ad spend model. So if a brand was spending over 700 K per month or even up to a million dollars per month that could actually shake out to be a 50 K per month contract.

Especially if you have additional services like CRO and creative rolled up into that media buying contract. I will say something that I've noticed is that a lot of times that doesn't ultimately become sustainable for the brand in the longterm. And a lot of times brands at this point when they're hitting those 40 K 50 K 60 K per month retainers, that's when they often start to look at bringing that in house because they're just going to save so much money by hiring that internally as opposed to working with an external agency.

It's super common, but I generally don't hear anyone talking about that. Now freelancers, I commonly see a lot of freelancers doing flat rates. A lot of times freelancers don't really want to go through the hassle of tracking hourly or even tracking percentage of amount spent because a lot of these people are solopreneurs or they have their own businesses and they don't want to keep on adding more busy work to their plates.

They actually just want to do the work. So that's why they often tend to do a flat rate for these expert freelancers. On the low end for media buyers, I've seen a good minimum being around 3 K per month for freelancers.

I think for more of the experienced freelancers, anywhere from like five to seven to even 8 K per month to manage the ad spend. Again, a lot of this too, is just going to depend on that ad spend and also depend on how much time they actually need to invest in that specific account. So a lot of times I'll actually see these flat rate retainers change as the engagement grows, especially if the brand is growing.

Think about it. It's really different for a brand who just wants you to manage a Facebook ad account at 50 K per month in ad spend. But if you're doing a really good job and you start to grow, you start to scale, you start to add Tik TOK ads, you start to add Snapchat ads, all the ads that can really increase the scope.

And that's when that flat rate retainer would have to be readjusted. So a lot of times for these flat rate retainers, it's also going to be about what type of additional services and platforms you're servicing. There can be a specific flat rate for Facebook, for Facebook and TikTok.

And if you're also starting to have additional creative services, that can also be an additional flat rate. For instance, at Thesis within our clients, we actually do have flat rates for like sourcing UGC creators, for engaging with the studio team, and even sometimes for post-production. But for the most part, post-production is like rolled into our monthly retainers for our clients.

All right, next up, I'm going to really expose myself with some of the rates that I have gotten throughout my career. Um, you know, I've done everything from flat rate to hourly, and I've obviously worked for tons of agencies who've done the percentage of spend model. But yikes, I really was a newbie in many respects for this.

My first client paid me $500 a month to manage their Facebook ads and make them ads. In retrospect, I think about that and it's wild. But like, I was just getting started.

And I was so stoked about it too, because it was one of my first clients. It's crazy. I feel like I actually played around in that $500 to $1,000 per month range for a long time.

In fact, I remember this one deal that I structured for $800 per month that included managing their Facebook ads account, writing them three blog posts and editing it as well as supplying them, I think it was like 10 graphics. Like that's crazy. But like I was just getting started.

And like, it was also a great way for me to make connections and get my foot in the door. And once I started like building up a book of business, I started like, frankly, getting the balls to charge people more because I needed to work out what was actually worth it for me. So I actually remember like three months after I structured that $800 per month deal, I got an offer to work with a startup brand.

And I was like, you know what, it's not gonna be worth it to me unless I make $5k per month from it. And I charged them that and they accepted it. And I was like, wow.

Granted, I was doing a lot more than just Facebook ads management. I was also building out some of their email flows and doing some SEO work for them and like building an SEO framework, which I do not do anymore. But it just goes to show that like, really, sometimes you just have to get started.

And you just have to get business and you just have to make that first dollar. And as long as you keep at it and keep going, then your financial situation is going to continue to improve. And you're going to learn more about what type of deals are fair and actually make sense.

Now, I know that was a super long winded answer. But I also did hourly. And I kind of hated hourly because I hated tracking my numbers.

It just felt a lot like busy work. And the deal that I had for myself when I did hourly for a agency, I was doing white label for an agency. So essentially what that means is an agency that had no one that knew media buying on their team hired me to white label for them.

So I was just doing freelance for them, but I made it look like they were doing it. It's the worst way to describe it. But I charged them $75 an hour.

And there I was managing two to three Facebook ads accounts at any given time, which would often shake out to just 500 or $750 per month. And I worked with them for like a year and a half. I did it for a long time for that amount, which again, just like, goes to show there's there's tons and tons of money to be made in this industry.

But I really do feel like I started off slow, which gave me a really good foundation to like hone in on my craft, hone in on my skill and also develop really positive relationships. Because all of these people that I've like mentioned that I work with, like I'm still in contact with them, I'm still friends with them, I'm still really familiar with what they're doing in their businesses and how they're doing and sometimes I lend a helping hand. But now I'm charging a lot more and frankly, really selective about those that I do consultancy with.

And most of the time, the consultancy deals that I'm doing now are like, one off calls or doing a round of UGC ads for a brand or doing an audit. I'm not necessarily managing the day to day of a lot of additional clients just because I don't have that much time since I'm still full time at thesis and I love being on that team. And that's it.

This is a super fun one to record. If you guys have any more questions about structuring your own type of deals with potential clients, leave me a comment below. I'd love to help you guys out.

A lot of times, the way that I look at it is think about really how much you're going to be doing. Think about that amount spent that's going through those ad accounts and also think about realistically what it's going to require of you, the media buyer. Is it going to be just media buying?

Are you going to have to write copy? Are you going to have to actually make graphics and make ads? These things all count and all should be going into your final number that you're asking from those clients.

All right. Thanks everyone. See you soon.