I have zero experience, no marketing degree, and this nagging feeling that I was getting everything wrong when it came to Facebook ads, media buying, and even just digital marketing as a whole. Fast forward to today, and I am working with global brands that literally slide into my DMs weekly. And I've built a career making multiple six figures every single year as a growth marketer and creative strategist.

And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how I got here and how you can copy my every single move. This video is actually a remake from one of my most popular videos from 2020, but a lot has changed. I've changed and the industry has changed a ton.

And here's exactly what we're going to be covering today. First, what is a media buyer in 2025? We're also going to go over the four types of media buyers there are if you want to be successful.

I'm also going to show you the exact type of education you need and how to get it and how to get experience so that you can get a job. I'm even going to show you exactly how I started my career and how you can get your first full-time paying job. Even my resumes and cover letters that got me interviews.

And finally, I'm going to show you how to make six figures from this career and build true wealth. But before we get started, I have one really small ask. Please give this video a like and subscribe.

I have a personal goal this year to help as many people as possible become a media buyer or creative strategist. Now go ahead. I'll wait.

Okay. So what is a media buyer in 2025? Let's start off with the basics.

So for this video and for my work, a media buyer is someone who strategizes, creates, and manages paid advertising campaigns across digital platforms. So Senator, we run ads. Senator, we run ads.

So primarily this is going to be Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Snapchat, and Google. But here's the twist. In 2025, media buying isn't just about simply launching a Facebook ad.

So how exactly has the role evolved? It's so crazy because even just a few years ago, being a media buyer was all about the targeting and meticulously managing and optimizing an ad account. But now the game has changed quite a bit.

And one of the first big things that's changed is automation is now everywhere. So a lot of the actual media buying has been completely automated thanks to AI advancements. Tools like Meta Advantage Plus and Google's Performance Max now actually handle a lot of the manual tasks that I used to personally do.

Testing audiences and placements and even ad creatives. Another big thing too is that creative is absolutely king to succeed, especially on meta ads. So media buyers today need to have a really sharp sense of creative strategy.

It's not just about running the ads. It's actually about being able to create and develop creative that really resonates with the audience. So in 2025, I'd say that the most successful media buyers are 50% media buying and growth and technical execution on these ad platforms and 50% creative strategy.

This blend of technical skill but also high emotional EQ is what really tends to set people apart nowadays. And I'd say the most successful media buyers have this really important mind shift change that you need to make right now as well. Your goal should not be to be a media buyer.

It should be to learn how to grow businesses. So I've worked in this industry for over 10 years now and I've noticed again and again that there are four types of media buyers that end up almost always making six figures. And I'm curious to see which one you guys are.

So be sure to let me know in the comments. So the first type is the one that I am a media buyer slash creative strategist. So of course these people launch and manage the ads and campaigns as a media buyer but they also contribute heavily to the creative strategy and actually decide what types of ad creatives you're actually going to be running.

And to be honest this is a massive role and I often find that at some point a brand or an agency absolutely has to separate this role into two different people. However, I'd say that if there is an opportunity for you to define yourself as a specific media buyer this is an excellent one to do if you want to grow and candidly make a lot of money. These people very often become directors and senior directors at ad agencies and brands and I often find that they're also really good at managing people.

I've also seen a number of these people also turn into agency owners as well. And the second one is a media buyer slash conversion rate optimization specialist aka someone who also makes landing pages. I'd like to say that these people are funnel enthusiasts and my big hint here is that there are not enough of these people.

If these people are good I very often see them becoming directors or even VPs at agencies and brands. I've also seen a number of these people end up becoming specialty agency owners. So maybe they specialize in owning a conversion rate optimization agency or they decide to focus on a specific niche or industry like consumer product goods.

Think like a Nick Sharma. Another third type of media buyer is someone who is super technical. They are your data and analytics enthusiasts.

This one was really never me. But these people are media buyers but real numbers people. They are enthusiastic about overall business metrics and really like to live in spreadsheets.

These type of people end up becoming your VPs of growth or revenue. I also think they make really great agency owners think like a Taylor holiday. And the final media buyer is unfortunately the dying breed.

This is just your traditional media buyer. However I still think that some people could survive being a traditional media buyer if they also were a cross-platform. So they didn't only specialize in Facebook ads and TikTok ads but they also specialized in Google ads and Snapchat ads and other emerging ad platforms.

Now of course if you don't fit into any of these roles that's okay. This industry is literally changing almost completely every six months or so. So there's probably going to be another media buyer hyphenate type of role that's going to be opening up within the next few months.

That's wildly important to our industry. And if you already think that you know what that role is, let me know. So let's talk about what you need to know to become a media buyer in 2025.

And I'm going to get really specific here. First things first, you do not need a marketing degree at all. I don't have one.

None of the great media buyers that I know have them. But if you are working on getting a marketing degree, don't panic. Just know that you are getting a really great foundation for fundamentals that media buyers have to learn later.

But again, not really necessary to become an actual media buyer. Now there are going to be a few different educational sections here. And I actually think the best way to begin is to really understand the types of interview questions that you're going to have to really nail to get that full-time position.

And the reason why is because this is going to really help you prepare for what you're going to need to excel in this type of role. So here are the education questions that you need to prep. These are the exact things that I prepped for when I was going through this process of getting a full-time job.

And I know that the reason why I was able to get that role was because I answered these flawlessly. Question number one, how do you approach meta ads slash media buying? So this is going to go into how you approach strategy, how you approach campaigns, account structure, even a little bit of creative strategy.

Another question to prepare for is how do you save a campaign that is failing? Question number three, how do you manage it all? This is actually something that I think a lot of media buyers overlook.

This essentially goes into how you manage your own workflow, how you analyze data, and even how you go about making optimizations. What brands and agencies really want to see here is that you have a process and an approach to how you look at ad campaigns every single day. They really want to see someone who is really methodical.

And the final question is where do you get your education? The reality is that this industry is changing literally all the time. So how do you make sure that you are up to date on best practices?

How do you make sure that you are really in the know with what's going on in the platform or different types of creative strategies? Brands and agencies only want to hire people who can manage these core questions. Next, let's talk about free resources and education.

Yes, you can pay for a course to turn you into a media buyer. But to be honest, with a little bit of legwork, you can find all of this information for free, readily available online. There are four main places that I'm always checking to stay up to date.

Number one is of course, YouTube. You are watching me right now on YouTube. And there are a ton of great YouTubers that I really respect for putting their stuff and their POV out on media buying.

There's also a lot of junk, I'm not gonna lie. But I would actually say look for the people that are currently working as media buyers like Mac Rosenwater, like Charlie T, like Nick Theria. These people are literally in the trenches all day every day.

And I really respect their POV. But there are a ton and I'm going to link all of my favorites in the description below. And next up are newsletters.

I actually think that media buyers really underutilize newsletters because I find that a lot of people that actually have good ones go super, super in depth on the subject matter that they're talking about for that specific day. So here are a few of my favorites. I would say subscribe to them all, read them all.

But over time, you'll realize what your favorite ones are, which ones that you really connect with. But I actually find that newsletters are where I'm able to go much deeper on a, you know, specific topic, specific tactic or strategy. And that really ends up being more beneficial to me than a lot of the YouTubes, unfortunately.

Next up, podcasts. I will say I am like kind of on the hunt for a new media buying podcast. I used to listen to tier 11's Perpetual Traffic when Molly Pittman was on it.

I also love smart marketer. But to be honest, right now I'm listening to a lot more general marketing or general growth style podcasts. And that really does help.

I'm also a huge fan of Nick Sharma's limited supply. But again, be sure to put these on your roster and let's just let each other know in the comments if there's any other really good media buying ones specifically, because I'm definitely on the hunt for one of those. And then finally, there is Twitter or X.

And listen, I have been utilizing Twitter less as a creator these days, just because it's toxic as hell. But I will say there are still a ton of great creators that are putting their stuff out on the platform. And to be honest, I still find that it's the most up to date on specific platform changes.

And it's still like the top place that I can go to source information from people. So what I've actually done is I've put a Twitter list of all my favorite follows there so that you guys can go and follow that and already follow everyone who really knows their stuff on that platform. Okay, now let's talk about tools that you need to know as a media buyer or tools that are going to really help you as a media buyer.

Because the reality is in 2025, you're not just going to be managing the ads, you're also going to be utilizing tools to improve workflow, creative analytics, and of course, data analysis. And I also find that agencies and brands really want people who already know how to utilize these platforms a little bit or at least know about them. So the top ones that you're going to need to know about are Motion for Creative Analytics.

It's actually where I do all of my creative reporting. And they also have a ton of amazing free educational resources. Be sure to sign up for their newsletter.

Be sure to look out for their free webinars. They are incredibly valuable. I'm also the chief evangelist at Motion.

This is a platform that I have believed in for a long, long time. If you have any questions about them, please let me know. I'm super happy to answer them in future videos.

Next up is Foreplay. If you're ever wondering how people are saving tons of ads into swipe files, they're generally using Foreplay. I used Foreplay for years.

It is a really great platform. And then of course, there are the attribution softwares like Triple Whale, North Beam, Rocketbox. There's a few others.

Hyros. Now, if you were just starting off, don't feel like you need to go and learn a Triple Whale or North Beam right away. It's really, really not necessary.

Focus more on learning Ads Manager. But it's a good idea to at least know these platforms and exactly how they help media buyers. And then of course, the final one is AI tools, right?

I'd say again, one of the biggest changes to happen to this industry over the last few years is the introduction and adoption of AI. So I'd say that if you are a media buyer that is trying to find a full-time job, figure out your approach and relationship with AI. How are you using ChatGPT?

Are you using Claude? Also understand the types of AI tools that media buyers are routinely using. Think of ArcAds.

Think of even just AI optimizations that are on current pieces of software like Canva, like CapCut, like Adobe Premiere Pro. And the last thing that I want to talk about in this education section is what I like to call the three C's, certification, courses, and communities. Now, I'd actually say the communities is probably going to be your biggest hack and the most important thing in contributing to your education as a media buyer.

You need to find other media buyers. And yeah, you can do that in the comments section of a YouTube video or even on Twitter. But I'd say honestly, the best ones are the ones that are a little bit more isolated.

And this is definitely something that's changed quite a bit since 2020. Back in 2020, I was using a lot of private Slack communities. And there are a few now, like Nick Sharma's limited supply Slack community.

That's a great one. But today I'm actually finding that there are a few communities that really move the needle. Like the Foxwell group is amazing.

It's one that I'm a part of, but it does cost to become a part of that community. And it's maybe not the best for people who are really junior and are trying to get into the industry. For those people, I'd actually recommend finding a media buying group that is a little bit more local.

I've actually found that there are some Facebook groups that are really great, like the Facebook ads mastermind Philippine group, which is of course a little bit more local. But if you can find that type of group, and if you know that type of group, be sure to let everyone know in the comments, because those are the places that I find are actually the real hack to having great conversations, meeting other media buyers and honestly getting those jobs. And then as far as certifications, do you need a Facebook ad blueprint certification or a Facebook ad certification?

Not necessarily. I got one once when this was over five years ago, and I don't even see that that's really something that's super necessary in today's modern era. In terms of courses, there's a lot of fluff out there, but there are a number of courses and a number of groups that are incredibly beneficial to media buyers.

I know Nick Theriot has one that's really successful, and his group is really tight knit. So if you can find things like that, that's something that I'd absolutely prioritize candidly over certifications or courses. But a lot of these people have courses too, which again, if you're trying to cut down on time can be a really great move.

Now let's talk about how to get experience, because here's the thing. Unfortunately, no one's going to hire you full time unless you have experience as a media buyer. I know this really feels like a catch 22.

It sucks, but it's the reality. However, if you're lucky, you can learn on the job. Maybe you already have a marketing job that has media buyers on staff and you can learn from them.

But unfortunately, most people, myself included, needed to figure out a way to build up that experience before actually getting that full time job. So in this section, I'm going to show you how to get those first gigs, where to find those opportunities, and how to prepare even more so that you stand out. Let's attack the big elephant in the room.

How do you get those first pieces of hands on experience, even if it's small? So here's how I would get started. Number one, you can begin to freelance.

So you can offer to run ads for small businesses, local brands, or even friends that are entrepreneurs. And I know you're hearing this one, and you're probably rolling your eyes. And you're just like, yeah, like if I had new people where I could run ads, I would have already done it.

But to be honest, you don't know until you ask. One of the big lessons that I had when I was trying to get those first pieces of experience was I actually had someone ask me, hey, like, what are you looking to do? And I was like, oh, you know, I'm looking to become a media buyer, but I'm having a hard time finding opportunities to build up more experience.

And they were like, oh, I know someone. And to be honest, like most people aren't going to come out and ask like what you want. So what I would actually start doing is start by telling people in your immediate network, start telling your family members, start telling your closest friends, hey, this is what I'm really interested in doing.

And if they know someone like a small business, like an entrepreneur who wants help running their ads, then that might be the first place where you get that piece of experience. Don't discount it because it's someone you know. For me, it was someone that I knew that was able to connect me with people to get those first pieces of experiences.

For instance, I just had an ex-boyfriend reach out to me who's in a band and he was like, hey, do you think you could help me run this Facebook ad? And I was like, no. But when I was thinking about it, I was like, man, this would be a great opportunity for like a really new media buyer who needs some experience on the platform.

Okay. Number two, volunteer or internships. I know this is another one where many of you are going to be like, I don't want to volunteer.

I don't want an internship. I want to get paid. I hear you.

And I don't really suggest working for free in general, but I'd say, hey, reaching out to your favorite creators, people that you really admire and seeing if there's any way that you can shadow them for a short period of time, you know, for a month, for a quarter to really build up that experience can make the difference between you getting that full-time job or not. It's honestly a really great way to get your foot in the door. And to be honest, I have a lot of you actually reaching out to me all the time.

And I always know that the ones that are super serious about getting that experience are the ones candidly that offer up to do it for free. And candidly, if I was hiring, I wouldn't take it for free. I'd always pay people a little bit of something, but I always know that they're going to work extra hard and they're going to really be in it for the right reasons if they're willing to do it for free, candidly.

Also, there are programs like Common Thread Collective's Accelerator program that actually trains people up on media buying. And I think that a lot more of these programs are going to start popping up, but I think that Common Thread Collective is really doing it the best right now and is absolutely worth a look for anyone who's eager to become a media buyer. Now, where are you most likely to find opportunities now?

I find that the most reliable places to look for these types of gigs are going to be LinkedIn, Twitter, Axe, and Facebook groups, but the most reliable ones are going to be a part of those more private communities. So think the Facebook Ads Mastermind Philippines group, or even the Utopia group. In case you haven't noticed, it's really about who you know.

This is actually a great part of the video to hit pause. And if there's someone in this industry that you really admire, you should slide into their DMs right now on Instagram or Twitter or something. Go ahead.

I'll wait. Now, what do you need to prepare for these types of opportunities, right? The first thing I do is begin by building your portfolio.

So if you do have experience, I would write down small case studies, even if it's just a paragraph with some screenshots. It doesn't have to be highly designed by any means, detailing what type of experience you've had in this industry. And if you haven't had any type of experience media buying just yet, but you have had some in SEO or email marketing, write those up.

Those things can often be great transferable skills. But if you do have a little bit of media buying experience, I would actually detail one to two campaigns or results that you've had in depth. Most importantly, highlighting the type of results that you were able to achieve.

I also think making a website is wildly, wildly helpful for getting people to get to know you better and get to know your vibe and what you're about and why you're doing this. A simple one page portfolio site can go a long way in establishing a little bit of credibility. So use it to share your work, tell your story and make it easy for people to contact you.

Also get active on social media. I know it's a little bit of an eye roll, but starting conversations with some of the people that you see on LinkedIn and Twitter can go a long way for just people starting to recognize your name. I would highly recommend that at least weekly to share your thoughts on media buying, connect with others, and you know, even asking about potential gigs out there.

Consistency here really goes a long way in showing that you're invested in the industry. And honestly, those are the only types of people that brands and agencies want to hire. Now let's talk about how I started my career and how you can get that first full-time job as a media buyer after you've gotten some experience, of course.

So how I started my career, right? Not many people know this, but I actually started off my career as a humanitarian. So I graduated from college with a degree in creative writing, but I got my first job in West Africa where I actually worked for NGOs.

That led me to my next role, which was a fellowship where I worked in India for a year. And as you can see, these two roles had absolutely nothing to do with marketing. Interesting, right?

After India, I ended up moving to Egypt where I worked for a research firm that specialized in doing program evaluations in Somalia and South Sudan. And it was actually within the first six months of this role that I just realized this industry really wasn't for me. As a young person, I had a really altruistic notion of helping people and being a force of good in the world.

But to be honest, I realized that a lot of these programs in this industry was really fraught with things that I wasn't going to solve. So I decided to totally change industries. And I was like, well, you know what?

Maybe I can help tell more of these stories. Maybe I can become a journalist because I loved writing. So I actually ended up walking into the biggest English speaking newspaper in Cairo at the time, MoFour Networks.

And the CEO took one look at me and was like, you should work for our social media agency. I was thrilled to have a job. So I said yes, but I realized that I really loved it.

But I ended up developing campaigns for fine dining restaurants and malls. I even helped launch Mall of Egypt. And I realized, hey, I actually really love this industry.

And I think I could kill it back in New York where I had went to university. And it's so interesting because when I went back to New York, I ended up getting a job for a PR firm that I got fired from. After just a few months, I really, really sucked at PR, which initially I felt like a huge failure.

And I was like, oh my God, like maybe I'm not meant for marketing. Maybe I'm not meant for marketing in New York. Turns out PR just really sucks.

Let me know if you agree. But I ended up having a really, really hard time finding something else. I was unemployed for a while, but I ended up meeting an entrepreneur in Brooklyn who wanted me to come on to his team to help build a sales team and eventually help run Facebook ads, which was actually my first time on the platform.

Long story short, that startup failed. Very sad. But it gave me this really great, important piece of experience.

But when I ended up taking that experience to agencies and to brands, they felt like I didn't have enough experience media buying. So it actually took me a long time to find a role after that. I ended up taking a role as a general marketer at a travel startup, which ended up being mostly email.

But when I was doing that, I was able to alongside start freelancing for media buying clients. And after I did that for a year, I was finally able to find a full-time role as a media buyer. Now I did two big things that I think really set me up to get the full-time role.

Number one, I started a master document where I essentially used it as a journal to help track all of the major learnings that I had, especially ones that had to do with marketing, specifically media buying. And I started to become really methodical about what I thought I needed to know to get ahead in this industry. So when I would do interviews with people, I'd really pay attention to the type of questions and the type of experience they wanted me to have.

And I essentially built a plan to get that experience based on that feedback. And number two, I started a marketing blog, which I think is so funny now, all these years later, because I'm doing YouTube and it's kind of a similar thing. But essentially in this marketing blog, I would go through startups and brands, user funnels.

So I would go through their Facebook ads. I would go through their emails. I would go through their websites.

And I would essentially do these teardowns. And what's interesting is people always referred to it in interviews. And honestly, this was not some genius work.

This was like really junior level insights, but it really showed the people that I was interviewing with that I really loved this industry. And I was really willing to do these things in my spare time to get better and become more of an expert in it. Again, it's more of that mind shift change.

Now let's talk a little bit more tactical, right? Resume, keep it simple. Should you have a LinkedIn?

Yes. Should you also have a resume? Also, yes.

Some brands and agencies are simply going to prefer one or the other. And this is the resume that ended up getting me my full-time job as a media buyer. And I know that cover letters aren't really that big of a deal anymore in 2025, but I really do believe in a warm opening to a recruiter, to someone who works in HR, to a startup founder.

And I found that these were the emails and these were the messages that I sent that almost always got replies from people. I think the thing that's really important about this is you're mentioning where you saw that they were looking for someone. You can even say, hey, you might not be looking for someone, but I am interesting to know if you are.

And then I would really quickly list out in a bullet point fashion, hey, here's like a few things that you can know about me. Of course, I would name that first piece of experience in the first bullet. And then I would talk about what type of experience I had.

And the final bullet point, I would essentially talk about what I'm looking for. And then I would mention why I'm interested in them specifically. Is it because they're in a specific industry?

Is it because you noticed a post that the founder made? Make it something that's a lot more intimate than just something that you're going to spray and pray in the DMs. Honestly, anytime I see something that's like very clearly copy and paste, I not only delete it, I tend to block those people.

Just a fact. Another really important thing that I would do is I would go ahead and copy and paste some of the results that I had had from some of my gigs or my other pieces of experience so that they didn't have to ask for it. This is something that no one does.

And if you have a little bit of that experience, even if you think that it's not that big and important, like I was literally talking about $1,000 budgets, anything here I think is enough to get people to notice. And then finally, where to apply? I honestly think the best places for media buyers to work initially is at agencies because you're going to be able to see so many different clients and different approaches.

And if you are testing an ad strategy, you can also test out similar strategies across a wider book of businesses so that you're just able to get so much more experience and context for what works and what doesn't. And it's a lot of that context, actually, that just makes you a lot more of a confident media buyer in general. I find that all of the best media buyers at some point had a stint at an agency and the best places to initially get those agency jobs are at smaller agencies.

In fact, my first full-time media buying job was for a really small boutique agency. And then I ended up working for one that was quite a bit bigger and even went on to have an acquisition to an even bigger agency. So these things can really snowball.

It really is just about getting that first gig. And I'd say the smaller agencies are where you can really make a bigger impact. And I just like really wouldn't exchange that experience for the entire world.

Here's the thing that everyone's curious about, right? How to make six figures as a media buyer. So whether you're just starting off or you're starting to gain that experience, it might seem a little bit unattainable, but honestly, things can really snowball quite quickly in this industry.

And it's super achievable with the right strategy. So in this section, I'm going to break it down into three parts. Number one, how I made six figures.

Number two, the easiest way to make six figures as a media buyer. And three, how to build wealth beyond just being a media buyer. Let's dive in.

So how I made six figures, right? Now, when I first started media buying, I did not have a clear plan for doing this. In fact, I didn't really think it was going to be super possible for me, especially right out of the gate.

But within one year of me getting my first full-time role, I was making six figures. So here's what worked for me. Number one, I ended up combining my freelance work with my full-time job.

So when I finally got that first full-time role as a media buyer, I ended up keeping my consulting clients. And after a while, yes, I did make six figures with this, but I'm not gonna lie, it was brutal. It ended up taking a ton of my time.

I routinely worked 16-hour days. So to be honest, that didn't last forever for me. Now, the second thing that I did that ended up working way more long-term and led me to actually get six-figure roles was creating my personal brand.

Now, I know that I told you guys that I started a marketing blog to get that first full-time job. But to be honest, after I got that first full-time role, I pretty much stopped doing that. However, after working for the agency for one year, that's when I started posting on YouTube and started doing a little bit more short-form content.

And this is really where things began to spiral for me. And don't worry, I'm not going to chill out some kind of coursey, icky spiel on how you have to have a big personal brand and be exactly like me. To be honest, even just sharing a few morsels of your point of view, or even a few case studies, can really move the needle in standing out for some of these jobs.

However, what I will say about this YouTube channel, within the first six months of me having it, so you can actually go back and look at my first 60 or so videos, which were awful, by the way, this ended up leading me to getting a job that doubled my salary overnight. I essentially went from having a job that paid me 75k per year to 145k, which was life-changing. Now let's talk about the easiest way to make six figures, right?

Because I think that for a lot of people, they don't want to, you know, they're worrying about becoming a media buyer. They don't also want to worry about becoming a YouTuber or starting their personal brand. It is worth it, but I think there is easier ways to do this.

And I will say that freelancing and stacking your clients is going to be the number one easiest way to getting to that six-figure mark, especially if you're able to combine that with a full-time role. The reality is, is that managing three to five clients that you charge two to three grand per month will easily put you in the six-figure category. And I know when you start freelancing, you're probably going to be charging hourly.

I definitely charged hourly. I think that when I first started media buying gigs, my hourly rate was anywhere between $50 an hour to 75 to a hundred. And now I'm charging a thousand dollars to get on a call with me for one hour.

So that's really how quickly these things can spiral. But where you want to start pushing clients, especially after you develop a longer term relationship with them is pushing them more into retainers, right? So instead of pushing clients for one-off services or having that hourly rate, try to lock them in for a bigger engagement.

This will give you more predictable income and save you a lot of time trying to chase down more clients. Also ask for those referrals. Okay.

So say you start gaining experience as a media buyer and then you get a full-time job and that leads to you making six figures. I hate to inform you, but once you reach that, it's not like you get a big gold star or check mark and you're just done. What you're going to realize the more success that you get is honestly the more success that you want.

So how can you carry this momentum and truly grow wealth and a life outside of your wildest imagination? Because to be honest, being a media buyer at a brand or agency is not going to actually grow your wealth. You're never going to make that kind of big multiple six figures type of money working for someone else.

So you have a few choices and maybe they're obvious, but I think it's worth considering. Number one, you can start an agency or you can start a brand. And it's interesting.

I've had a ton of people ask me over the years, Dara, why don't you start your own agency? And to be honest, I consider it like once or twice a year. And ultimately the reason why I haven't is because I worked at a lot of agencies and I'm not personally lit up by that type of business to be candid.

It doesn't really speak to my core, but what does is the prospect of founding a e-commerce brand. Again, this is something that I did a number of years ago when I first came back to the U S and after I lost my job and I met an entrepreneur in Brooklyn, you know, I was able to join his founding team. And this is something that I desperately want to do again.

And this is absolutely something that's going to be coming for me within the next year or two. So keep your eyes peeled on this channel and subscribe if you want to follow that journey. Now, the second thing that you can do, and this is probably going to come with either starting up your own agency or founding your own brand is growing your personal brand.

And I think someone that does this exceptionally well is Nick Theriot. You know, he has a course, he has an inner circle community that people really love. And he's also really transparent about his numbers and about his experience in a way that I really admire.

And another thing that I'll just say that I really like about Nick is, you know, he's not gatekeeping, even with me, like sometimes we'll DM each other. And, you know, he's given me great, fabulous advice before, like on my channel, on my business, on my personal brand. And that's just like a hallmark of a good dude, you know?

So like, I guess, you know, build up your personal brand, look at Nick, but also just like be a good dude and like good things will happen to you. Like, yeah, but growing your personal brand will open up a magnitude of opportunities. Like, it's so interesting.

Like when I look at my own like job right now, it's like, you know, I'm a part creator. I'm a part marketing consultant where I consult brands on their growth, on their media buying, on their creative strategy, but I'm also chief evangelist at Motion. But as a result of all of that, I'm having a ton of opportunities, whether or not it's YouTube sponsorships with big brands or it's collaborating with Meta on a webinar.

There is almost no downside to starting your own personal brand, except for time, some cringe mountain and, you know, doing things that are uncomfortable. But building your personal brand, if you commit to it, will almost always result in a better life than if you hadn't done it. And the third one that I want to talk about as a way to grow wealth is one that I actually don't see a lot of people talking about, but it's how people grow wealth that are really rich, right?

They invest. Now, I think a really good example of this is Barry Haught, who was my old boss. He's been a mentor of mine, really, really great person in this industry that you absolutely need to follow.

He is an investor slash co-owner in an agency called Adcrate. So if you, like me, are a little nervous about starting an agency, but you want to be able to contribute and, you know, dedicate a portion of your time, being able to invest and potentially reap the rewards from an acquisition or from, you know, a business growing lots and lots. That is another thing that you can potentially look at.

I know that some people also acquire brands to then grow themselves. And this is something that I see a lot more agency owners doing now, but, you know, it's really these three tracks that I see people really beginning to have true wealth. And it's something that I thought I would share because regardless of really where you're at in this process, I think that knowing what's possible can really help determine your overall strategy.

And it can really help light the pathway of what's coming next. I think, you know, I don't have any regrets about the path that I took, but what I will say is that I was really ignorant about what was possible. And I think that if I could have known, I could have gotten here way, way quicker, which is ultimately why I wanted to make this video for you guys.

And honestly, just see as many people go through it and watch as much of it as possible so that more people can have this great, amazing experience that is readily available. I've had a number of people ask me, Hey, are you nervous about more people getting on YouTube? Are you nervous about more media buyers, more creative strategists?

And the answer is always no. Cause I really do think that the more people who come into this industry that are really passionate and really know their stuff, it honestly just elevates the industry. And it also elevates my work.

Um, and it's something that I'm really passionate about doing. So if you made it to this part of the video, send me a DM, geez, I'll get on a call for you with you guys, because, uh, that's, that's incredible. I know this was a pretty long one, but if this video helped you please like, and subscribe, it really helps me out a ton.

I need to hit a hundred K in 2025 guys. Come on, help me out here. Um, and please check the description for all of those amazing free resources that I mentioned, and I will see you guys next week.

Love you. Bye.