Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today's going to be a pretty quick video, but it's super important, and it's literally something that I do every single day at my job as a full-time director of paid social at a fully remote marketing agency, and that's buy on my competition's Facebook ads. So, oddly enough, we're starting at Google today, but the place where you can actually go to see your competition's ads is facebook.com slash ads slash library, and when you get there, this screen's going to pop up.

You can see that you have an all ads tab, search for ads by advertiser name, another section for issues and politics, and another section for housing. And yeah, like this just allows you to essentially type in the brand, the brand name or your competitor's name, so that you can see what kind of Facebook ads they're doing. And frankly, I also use it a lot to get inspiration from what a lot of the best brands are doing.

So let's go ahead and spy on some competitors, or at least big brands and see what they're doing. Like I said, I do this almost every day just because I want to see not only what my brand's competitors are doing, but also like what big brands are doing. If they're doing something interesting, I might try and replicate it in some of my own ads.

So I'm sure this is going to be a shocker, but I really like Lululemon's ads because they have a lot of really great mobile first content that I find actually serves as a great template to send to clients. So oftentimes I'll see a video on Lululemon's ads library, and I'll take a screen recording of it and I'll send it to my clients and be like, hey, this is the kind of video I want you to make. And I know that they definitely have one that I can show you right here.

So this video, let's go ahead and watch it. So this is a great example of mobile first content. Number one, the format is created.

That's going to be as annoying as hell. Okay. So this video is great mobile first content because it's made to look at on a phone.

So it's not landscape. It's a really short. You got to get your customers' and users' attention really quickly.

So they have someone that's jumping up and down, fast movement. That's something that's really good for mobile first content, but they also have their logo at the front and they have a bit of a tagline that is, um, that like gets to call out, you know, specifically either the product or the feature. Um, so yeah, huge fan of whoever does content creation for Lululemon.

You guys are doing great. And it looks like this is another example of mobile first content. This is actually probably one that's optimized solely for, um, Instagram stories, which is another really great tactic that I recommend for my clients.

Um, again, they have like the logo featured prominently. Um, they have some call outs. I love the shot of the phone and the shorts because I know that's a feature people really want and they have a testimonial.

So, um, this is a great ad and I'll probably actually take a screenshot of this later to send to some of my apparel clients because it's really well done. Um, underwear, great. Right in my video.

Love it. Um, but yeah, like a lot of their stuff is, you know, they use bold text and not too much text, which would be putting us at risk for something like, um, ad delivery, but I always try to check out and see what they're doing because they do have a lot of good stuff. What is another brand?

Billy is already up here. It looks like I was looking at Billy on Friday, not super surprised. I love Billy's content because it looks like it was filmed with an iPhone, which like whenever I talk with new clients or, you know, other brands about content creation, they always get this like glazed over look in their eye, which is like, Oh my God, now I'm going to have to spend tons of money, not only on advertising, but on also on creative for the advertising.

And it's like, no, it doesn't have to be that way. You can create really great videos with an iPhone. Um, and like this one, like these are literally pictures that in videos that people took with their iPhones and with just a few simple, like added graphics, they made it like super engaging.

And it's mobile first. Like, uh, I love it. Let's take a look at another one.

See, it's like another example of how you can get really great video content by using user generated content, which is a great, great strategy. It's something I'm pushing a lot these days for my client. So, you know, Billy does this super well, and I've definitely taken a few of Billy's videos and sent them to my clients so that, um, they have a good example on what to create.

Okay. So thank you guys. Okay.

So I think you guys get the picture. Um, I could go down a black hole for this for days. Um, something I also really like doing is trying to figure out which ads, um, are for retargeting only and which ads are for prospecting only.

Um, yeah, so like, that's it. Like I am spying on the competition all day, every day. So if you haven't done it yet for your competitors, go look at it.

But also, you know, depending on your industry, I would make a habit of every few days, at least once a week, checking out what leaders in your space are advertising with. And if there's something that you can replicate, um, there's a lot of good ideas out there and you definitely want to be testing as much ad copy and creatives as possible so that you can know what actually speaks to your audience. Okay.

Um, that's really all I have today. And this lighting situation is pissing me off and I'm hungry. So I'm going to go.

Okay. Bye guys.