What's up marketers? Before we get to today's video, I wanted to let you know that I have partnered with Motion to bring you a four part live series on how to make ad creative that converts in 2023. Motion is the solution to analyzing and learning from your creative.

So if you wanna get actionable learnings from your creative analytics, then you're gonna wanna check them out. As a performance creative consultant, I use Motion every single day with brands that wanna get actionable learnings from their creative data. In this four part series, I'm gonna show you how to build a creative team in house, how I conduct my creative strategy research and how I actually analyze all of that great creative analytics data.

And I'm gonna show you the top performing ad creative formats in 2023. You're not gonna wanna miss this. So be sure to sign up in the link in the description bar below and I will see you there.

What's up marketers? If you've spent any time on the Facebook ads or meta ads platform within the last two years, then you've heard about this idea of targeting with your creative. Now, what does that actually mean?

Why is it important? And most importantly, how can you actually do that? So to target with your creative literally means that your ad creative is doing the bulk of the targeting on the meta ads platform.

Because nowadays your interests, your lookalikes, and even your custom audiences are not nearly as reliable as a targeting source. So meta is literally using the people who react to your ad creative and engage with it and buy with it and delivering that ad creative to people who look like those individuals. So essentially in order to reach the right demographic of people who wanna buy from your ads, you need to develop creative that speaks directly to that audience.

Because frankly, now all of your targeting is gonna be mostly broad anyways. So your creative needs to do a bulk of the heavy lifting here. So now what we're gonna do is, I'm gonna show you some strategies on how you can hack targeting with your creative.

Let's dive in. The first one is probably the one that I use the most, especially when I first start onboarding with a new brand or client, is to call out the demographic directly in your ad or in the hook of your ad. So you can call out your target demographic by age or by role.

I see that beauty brands do this really, really well. Here's this Illya ad that is looking for people who are 50 plus. Here's the Thrive Cosmetics ad that is looking for busy entrepreneurs or for moms.

The interesting thing to note here is that Meta actually uses the metadata from your ad to help do the targeting. So if you're calling out moms, if you're calling out a certain age demographic, Meta is actually looking at that hook, taking that metadata and helping it do the targeting for you. So if you find that you have a bit of a targeting problem on Facebook ads, this is an excellent first place to start.

The second strategy is going to seem incredibly obvious, but it bears repeating and emphasizing because I see that so many brands fall short here. And it's to actually show the right demographic and the right customer persona directly in your ad. Now, of course, this is going to be especially for UGC content.

So if you take a look at the breakdowns on your Facebook ads account and you see, oh, actually these are the age ranges that are buying, this is the gender that is buying, these are the locations where they're buying from, you can kind of get a little idea of, okay, what does this customer actually look like? And you know what? You got to feature people who actually reflect that.

I oftentimes see that supplement brands or beauty brands end up using UGC creators that are in their early twenties or whatever, but they actually sell to women who are 50 plus. They would actually get much better results if they reflected their core persona in those ads. Now there's definitely something to be said about seeming more aspirational, seeming more trendy.

And that's definitely a strategy you should lean into. But in nearly all cases of me working alongside of brands, when we start actually reflecting who their customer actually is in those ads, that's when we see a lift in performance. The same is also gonna be said here for showing diversity in your ads.

I often find that sometimes brands will unintentionally pigeonhole themselves into one race or into one body type. And by actually showing multiple different types of races and body types and frankly personas, they end up finding a lift in performance because they are actually expanding their targeting. And again, remember that note that I made about metadata.

If you are reflecting your customer properly in your ads and also expanding the diversity in that correct persona, then you are going to open up your targeting. Because again, Facebook knows by looking at us, what our age is, what our race is, what our demographic is. And they're also going to take people who look like us and put them in our ads.

Sounds kind of woo woo, but seen it happen and have had it confirmed quietly. The third one is more on the research side, but you need to use your actual customer's words. So this means that you need to go in and mine reviews, and mine your customer testimonials.

And instead of coming up with some brand owned tagline or features benefits sort of roll call, see how your customers are actually talking about their problems, their pain points, their triggers, and their better life realize, and put that in your ads. Instead of hiring a copywriter to do all that for you, I find that when you actually just use your customer's words, that is going to be able to do a much better job at targeting. And the reason why too is because this is how people are typing into search engines, to TikTok search, to Google search, to YouTube search.

And this is how people are communicating their problems already. This is how they're already looking for solutions. So if you can match that tone, and if you can match the way that they're communicating about their pain points, their triggers, and their better life realize, then that is going to make more people be like, oh, these people get it.

The fourth is probably like my number one broad suggestion, which is to use multiple different types of formats. And really what this means is that, you know, right now we're seeing a lot of traction coming out of image ads, like us versus them ads, features point out ads, or even just headline bar ads versus UGC, or even more studio produced style ad content. And really what I'm seeing is the brands that can have multiple format winners, those are the ones who are winning.

And I also find that certain demographics or certain people with inside those demographics will respond to different types of formats. So if you're having trouble finding your right target audience, I would take a step back and look at your ad creative as a whole and say, hmm, am I stuck only testing one type of format ad? And by format, I don't just mean image, carousel video.

I mean the different types of formats that are within those core formats on meta ads. I actually have a list of the top 10 formats that you need to try with every single ad account in this video. Be sure to give it a watch.

That's honestly where I start with onboarding all of my clients. And the fifth seems obvious, but bears repeating. You need to research your customers relentlessly.

You need to understand what type of content your customers love organically, what type of creators they relate to, what types of formats they're using, and how they do their storytelling. This is going to help tell you what type of press publications, creators, celebrities, influencers, that your customers find value in. This is also going to show you really tactical things like, hey, how should I format captions or my text overlay?

And also go a lot more in depth on the type of problems they have and the type of solutions that they're testing. At the end of the day, if you have a lot of knowledge on your customer, then you're already going to be developing better creative. But to be honest, this research step is not the sexy part of making the scale to the moon unicorn ads, but it is what goes into making that type of content.

I'm actually using chat GBT a lot nowadays to help speed line a lot of that research process. So if you're interested in a video on that, please let me know in the comments. And that's it.

That was a really fun one. If you made it to the end of this video, then I know that you are really passionate about getting your Facebook ads to work. I am actually going to be launching a course next month.

I am super, super excited about. So if you want to get on the wait list for that, be sure to sign up in the description bar below. I cannot wait to share with you guys.

It has been a long time coming and I will see you next week. Bye.