What's up marketers? I'm not gonna lie, I've been putting off this video for a long time because I kind of think that media buying as we've known it is dead. That's why I've waited so long to film a follow-up to this really popular video.

But I actually really want to visit this now because I do think that there is a way to become a media buyer in 2022, but it looks a lot different than it even did just a year ago. So the things that we're going to go over in this video are number one, what is a media buyer and how exactly has it changed? Two, what do you need to have in order to become a media buyer in 2022?

And three, the resources that I find most helpful. So let's go ahead and dive in. So number one, what is a media buyer?

At a bare bones level, this is someone who buys advertising space on a platform. So you can actually be a media buyer even if you are buying an advertisement for a billboard. But more typically, media buyers are the professionals that buy advertisements on Facebook ads, Google ads, TikTok ads, Snapchat ads, all of the digital ads buying platforms.

And there are many businesses that actually employ media buyers. So advertising agencies hire media buyers, brands hire media buyers to work for them directly in-house. And you can also be a freelance or consultant media buyer and have your own business.

So how has this industry changed exactly? Well, what it used to look like is you could be a media buyer without too much marketing know-how. It was super technical and really came down to the best types of media buying practices, the best types of optimization practices, the best type of targeting practices.

And creative was a really nice to have, but wasn't exactly the most important thing on the platform. I kind of feel like a lot of the people that ended up becoming media buyers were people that maybe could have been software engineers or super technical, but instead went and just decided to become like Facebook advertisers. But this has changed so much recently, especially for a platform like Facebook, where now a lot of the optimization and targeting is completely automated.

And really the most important thing is the actual ad creative unit. So it's really forced media buyers to be thinking a lot more about what types of creatives are going to actually convert people or make them buy. I feel like now media buyers have to be creative strategists or they just have to be really good marketers.

The next thing that we're going to talk about is what do you need in order to become a media buyer in today's world? And the first thing you need is experience. There's really no way around this.

You are oftentimes dealing with a large amount of money and you need to know how to handle and respect that amount of cash. So how I got experience with Facebook ads in this industry is I actually started off by working for a small local business. And when I actually recently made a poll on Twitter, I found out that a lot of you got your start working with local businesses.

So this is a really good way to get that initial experience. There were others of you who also started off with your own business or with drop shipping, which is another really good way to get experience. I know the friction point here, especially for drop shipping or having your own business is like there is startup funds that come with that.

So if you're not in a position where you have those type of startup funds, I would highly suggest looking for more internships or even entry level positions with agencies, many of which are remote and do hire overseas employees. I know many of you are not from the US who watch my channel. That's totally fine.

I was actually hired by an agency initially that also hired many overseas workers. So it's definitely something that you're going to have to search a lot for. And I'd actually recommend looking on Google jobs or just doing like a simple Google search to try and find Facebook ads managers.

That's actually where I had my luck and was able to find my first full-time media buying position. Now, even when I'm sitting here, I know that, oh, just go find an internship, just go find an entry level job or try and find a local business that you can work for or try and chart your own drop shipping business. That's like not applicable to everyone.

And I totally understand that. So if I was starting my career all over again, what I would actually probably do is I would invest in my education here a lot. And I would actually partner with a paid mentor, someone like Cynthia Sandoval, who actually has a really great paid media coaching program that I know several of you have actually taken.

What I actually love about her program is she gives you real experience on Google ads and Facebook ads and actually exposes you to the accounts that she works on so that you can get that experience. Now, this is a paid program. I understand not super applicable to everyone, but I think for those of you that are really passionate about this industry and really want to learn from one of the best and get that experience that you're going to need, this is probably the best way to do it.

And the cool thing is, is like you do not need a college degree in this and you definitely don't need a degree in marketing to become an awesome media buyer. Yes, I do have a college degree, but literally no one cares and no one has ever once asked me about my degree. And when it comes to education around media buying, you're really going to need to figure out two things.

You're going to need to figure out number one, how you're going to gain that baseline knowledge. So are you going to go out and work for a local business to get your exposure or partner with someone like Cynthia? And the next thing you're going to have to figure out is once you do have some sort of baseline for this knowledge, how you are going to keep up with the constant updates and changes that these platforms have.

Seriously, that in and of itself is nearly a full-time job. If you're just getting started off with these platforms, you can do the free Facebook ads training that Meta puts out. I don't think it's going to teach you to be a great media buyer, but it is going to teach you the basics.

So you might as well knock that out and get that out of the way. There's also something similar that Google also offers. So if you're interested in becoming more of a paid media specialist that oversees Facebook and Google ads, so you're more of that technical person, that's definitely what I'd recommend.

But if you're more interested in the paid social, Facebook ads, TikTok ads, like sector, then you're really going to have to double down a lot on creative strategy and learning what it takes to be an amazing creative strategist. The third thing that you're going to need is a community. Now, I know that this might seem a little superfluous and like you don't actually need it.

But to be honest, all of the best media buyers that I know have a community of other media buyers that they are constantly bouncing ideas off of. Many people find that the best way to find this is actually in an agency. And I think that if you're really passionate about getting started in this industry, you have to work for an agency once.

Seriously, you get exposed to so many different types of strategies and tactics. You get exposed to so many different types of brands and ad accounts. You just learn at a hyper level working for an agency.

So in the early days, I would highly, highly recommend that you intern at an agency or get your first entry level job at an agency to just soak it all up. And long term in terms of community, be sure to check out Reddit and Twitter. Now, I know I talk about Twitter a lot on this channel, but seriously, Twitter has connected me to some really amazing brands and other media buyers.

And it's where I am every single day having conversations about the type of ads that I see working and about the type of strategies that we're actually executing in these paid social accounts. So if you want to be a media buyer in 2022, you have to be a great media buyer. And you're definitely going to need a community behind you to do that.

Now, the fourth thing that I think you need is actually just like the secret sauce. If you want to make tons and tons of money, six figures, have your own agency, have clients begging to come and work with you, you need to create content. Now, I'm not just talking about YouTube content, even though I really, really welcome the competition because I believe that the more people that are creating dope content on this platform, then the more people that will trust this platform to find great education around Facebook and media buying ads.

I really do think that more people, it would just lift us all up. So please, more people should get on YouTube to talk about the strategies they're running on these platforms. But if that's not your jam, which I understand, then think about writing a blog.

I actually got my first media buying position because of a blog that is now dead that I used to write about marketing strategies, creating content about the way that you think about marketing about the way that you think about media buying. It is the secret hack. You can even just do this in terms of like Twitter threads, like it doesn't get much easier than 140 characters.

And I just don't really think there's much of an excuse for people not attempting to create content, especially if you're trying to break into this industry now. That's how people and brands are going to trust you enough to hand over the keys to their ad account. Now, number three, these are the resources that I find most helpful for me as a media buyer in my ongoing education in this space.

Number one, I've already said it, Twitter, get on Twitter. Actually, I have a few lists that you can follow right here, which is really just the cheat code to getting up and started on this platform. I know some people are like, Twitter's dead.

Marketing Twitter, super real thing. And for those that don't know, like you're already behind, just really, it's a wealth of information. I'm always trying out new strategies and new ad creatives that I'm seeing on that platform.

It's my little hack. And number two, do utilize other creators on YouTube. Ben Heath and Andrew Hubbard are some of my favorite follows.

And they have a lot of really technical tutorials that I really appreciate as a creative person. So I would definitely give both of those people a follow and keep tabs on what they're doing and what they're testing. And three, I am always listening to marketing podcasts throughout the day.

My favorite marketing podcasts are Smart Marketer, which is by Molly Pittman and Ezra Firestone. They are always talking about really great paid media strategies and creative strategies, and also just talking about running a business and what that's like. So that's a great lesson.

I also have been a long-term listener of Perpetual Traffic. Both of these, solid choices. That's really how I'm staying up to date is by listening to those two podcasts.

And also, small plug, Savannah and I just started a podcast. It's going to be dropping this Wednesday, by the way, my little Easter egg. The other resources that I really find helpful are ads libraries.

So Facebook ads libraries. This is where you can actually search to see what all brands are running at any given time. And really my big note here is be sure to not only look at the ad creative that they're running, but also click on the CTA to see what type of landing pages that they're driving that traffic to.

That's another really important part of the conversation that I don't see enough marketers talking about. And on TikTok, be sure to look at top ads. Now, what's really cool about top ads as opposed to Facebook ads library is top ads is actually going to allow you to segment the creative to certain industries, as well as different types of optimizations.

So if you want to see which brands are actually running conversion campaigns, which I am only doing like conversion to purchase campaigns across all platforms. That's really the only thing that my clients care about. It's really awesome to be able to look at a beauty industry by conversions and see what's actually driving those conversions.

Now, those of you that are looking for a job, again, I'm going to highly recommend that you join Twitter and look out for those notices for people that are looking for interns or looking for entry level employees. And I honestly found tons and tons of luck just using Google and making sure that I was using a USA VPN where I could make sure it was segmented to the USA. But a lot of people are going to be looking for worldwide, even if those places are in the US.

So it's really just about like doing some internet online sleuthing and looking out for where those opportunities are. I used to use online Slack channels like online geniuses and ladies get paid, but I've seen a lot of those actually being phased out. So I would say, you know, do some, do some research about what your favorite agencies are and understand if they are hiring remotely and if they're also hiring for overseas help.

And really there are tons and tons of agencies that are hiring overseas helps, but they are a lot of the smaller ones, the boutique agencies. So I would keep my eyes out on the small but nimble agencies that maybe don't have as much traction on Twitter or in YouTube and start reaching out directly to founders saying if they're looking for any entry level or even internship type of help. And that's it.

I hope this video was helpful. I feel like I'm kind of bad at being like, Hey, this is where you should go find a job because I just use Google when I have found like my jobs, which is why, you know, I can't emphasize the content creation portion of it enough because now people come to me because of this channel because of Twitter. And it's really like the biggest hack that I know, but, but none of these things are easy.

Unfortunately, you know, I'm, I'm really trying to grow this channel. And one of the biggest suggestions I got recently was, Oh, you know, show people really quick and easy hack. And I'm like, damn, this industry is not like quick and easy and it's actually kind of tough.

So for those of you that are like still sticking it out through all the punches and through all the ISO 14 changes, you're, you're doing amazing work. Like, and I'm happy that you're a part of this community. All right.

I'm going to bounce later guys. Bye. Bye.