What's up marketers? In today's video, I'm going to show you exactly how I'd build out a Facebook ads account in a post iOS 14 world with a monthly budget of $4,000. This build out is going to be for an e-commerce brand looking to grow their business through sales, aka ROAS and purchases.

So if you find this video valuable or you learned something, please give me a like and subscribe because those small actions really do help me out as a creator. This video is going to go over the creatives I'd start off by testing, the exact campaign build out I'd use, as well as the campaign objectives and the budget and my workflow and how I would optimize an account of this size. So let's go ahead and dive in.

Creative is going to be the most important thing in determining your success on Facebook ads. So that's why we're going to start here. It's going to be really important that you have a clear idea of your creative strategy before you even get on the Facebook ads platform.

And the thing is about this budget, you're not really going to have that much room to test. So you're going to really need to make sure that every single creative that you launch in the ad account is well researched, properly communicates your product's value, and clearly communicates to your target audience. And for a budget of this size, I would really recommend just starting off with three creatives to test.

And really the types of creatives are going to depend a little bit on your industry. But across the board, rapid fire, here's pretty much where I would almost always start. And what's really great about all these strategies is that they're going to be really easy to make with your iPhone and with free resources like CapCut or Canva.

And the first ad strategy that I'd recommend testing out is a features point out ad. Now what's really cool about this is this is just going to be a single image. And what's interesting is I've actually seen this type of ad strategy really carry accounts and really jumpstart a lot of smaller accounts.

And I know video is super sexy in our industry, but oftentimes I see that image-based ads tend to have lower CPM. So that means you can reach a lot more people with a lot less money. Now I've seen this ad strategy work really well in the supplements industry and the beauty industry and even the apparel industry.

So this is a really great place to start if you want to start testing out single image options, which you definitely should. The next type of ad that I've seen a lot of traction out of is a founders-based ad. Now really what you're going to do here is you're going to set up your iPhone and pretty much give a product demo.

I've been finding that founders ads have been working really, really well recently. And I think that's because founders are most able to articulate the why behind the product. And they have a really intimate personal story about why they decided to create their product in the first place.

And people are really attracted to authenticity on these paid social platforms. That's why strategies like UGC tend to beat out a lot of the higher end productions. And I've seen these UGC style ads that are actually more from the founder ads working really well.

And I think that this is something that every single founder should at least try to attempt. And the final ad I suggest that you test would be a UGC problem solution style ad. And literally what you're going to do here is you're going to partner with a creator who is going to develop a product demo video of your ad.

And really they're going to be starting off this video with explaining a lot of the problems they had before they discovered your awesome product. Now I bet you're worried about how to find creators to partner with or fearing that it's going to be too much money to actually get good videos made. And this is actually completely false.

I've actually created a list of UGC creators over on Twitter. I will be sure to have the link in the description bar below so you can go take a look at that. And really you can partner with any of these UGC creators to develop content for your brand, anywhere from $100 to $500 a pop, which is really affordable and definitely something that you should be testing into.

I have tons and tons of videos that go over several different types of ad strategies and exactly why you should try them. Additionally, if you want to do a deep dive on creative strategy and really learn about how my teams at Thesis create a creative strategy, be sure to watch this video right here. I literally show you my entire process.

Now, once you finalize your creative strategy and you've selected the ads that you want to use in your ad campaigns, now it's actually time to start with the ad account build out. So here is your Facebook ads manager. We're going to go ahead and start off by creating a campaign.

Now, the first part is choosing a campaign objective. And to be honest, even when using a brand new pixel or with a new brand, I always recommend starting off with conversions. That's because things like brand awareness, reach, traffic, even video views, yeah, they're going to give you more impressions or they're going to deliver your ads to more people.

But oftentimes these are people that are really not going to convert. So if you're trying to get sales, go for conversions. So the first thing you're going to do here is name your campaign.

And this is going to be for a prospecting audience. That means it's for people who've never heard of you before. You can also add like a name at the front if you're an agency or if you're a freelancer working for another brand.

But if you're just doing this for your own business, just be sure to mark off that this is for a prospecting or a brand new audience you're trying to reach. So your interests, your lookalikes or broad versus retargeting, which is people that you've interacted with on social media or have been to your website. Next up here, we have a special ads category.

Now, this is going to be for things like credit offers, employment or job offers, housing or real estate or social issues or politics. If you're just trying to sell some direct to consumer brand or some drop shipping thing, you're probably not going to have to select this. So go ahead and leave that empty.

Now, right here under campaign details, you have buying type. This is auction. You can't actually change this.

So don't. And then you have your campaign objectives. So if you did want to actually change that, which if you picked conversions, you don't need to, then you are all good to go there.

Now we also have a little section right here for AB test. I actually never use this when testing creatives or testing ad sets or different targeting. I have a video that's all about why and how I actually conduct testing at thesis that you can watch right up here if you want to see that.

But otherwise you do not need to toggle this on. Now campaign budget optimization. I've actually recently changed my mind on CBO and I'm starting to use it a lot more for my accounts across the board.

So I would go ahead and turn this on because really we're going to only be putting two ad sets inside of this campaign and the budget we're actually going to have this at is 120. And the idea here is, is that we're going to have two ad sets that are going to be split between $60 each in theory. But I want to make sure that we're giving each ad set enough budget at this smaller spend.

Now right here we have a campaign bid strategy and you can change this to be highest volume, which is the default. You can also do a cost per result goal. A ROAS goal is sometimes available for accounts that have spent a certain amount.

And then also bid caps. I have a video that goes into all these different options if you want to deep dive. But if you're just starting off, keep it simple, do highest volume.

Now right under here, you can also schedule to have your ads run at a certain time, meaning you can have them deliver heavier at night or in the morning. I would not ever touch that. And for newer accounts, you really can't.

But for accounts that have had a little bit of spend, you can have that option. But again, this is a newer account. So don't worry about that.

Now, next up, we're going to have the ad set name. So this is going to be for interest. This is going to be an interest stack.

And yes, I do actually stack all my interest. And I have a video that's all about the reasons why I do this. So be sure to look at that if you want more of a deep dive.

But frankly, what I've learned about Facebook is that just by doing single interest ad sets, you're wasting so, so, so much money. And really, Facebook is smart enough to sift through your interests and your interest targeting to know that, oh, like this, these two interests do better. Let's focus on the people in there.

So really, if you're trying to segment out every single interest into its own ad set, because data is the reason why people say, it's a waste of money, don't do it. Now, next up right here, we have to select our conversion event location. If you are sending traffic to a website, then just keep it there.

You also have the option of doing an app website and app messenger WhatsApp, but nine times out of 10, frankly, 99 times out of a hundred, you're going to be using website. And then you're going to select your pixel. Now the conversion event, this is something that I often have a lot of questions about.

And yeah, if you're going after purchases and you want people to buy things from your website, I always use purchased. I've actually tested with new accounts recently, trying things like add to cart or view content. And frankly, it just doesn't work.

If you want purchases, you have to tell Facebook that you want purchases. The whole idea of using a Facebook ads funnel to get engagement and then drive traffic and then get leads and then go for purchases. That's completely outdated.

Facebook is advanced enough to know that if you want purchases, you need to optimize for this conversion event of purchase, and they will be more likely to find people to actually purchase your product. So this is like verify your pixel thing. It's just because I'm using a bunk ad account.

So this probably will not be showing up on your ad accounts as long as you've already verified your pixel, which you should have. Right here is dynamic creative. So there is a strategy where you can upload different types of creatives and headlines and copy and description text and allow the Facebook algorithm to pretty much dynamically create ads on your behalf.

At this point, I would not recommend doing that. But that is definitely something that you could test if you wanted to on a type of targeting that you found to be doing well. As you're going to learn with this ad account, it is never, ever set it and forget it.

So really, the thing that you should be doing is just like marking out things and writing out a list of things to test. And yeah, I would say test this, but I'm going to be honest, every time I test it, I just don't think it works really well. So I would probably deprioritize testing that off the gate.

Now here you have optimization and delivery. To be honest, don't touch this. Like you could be optimizing for something like value, which is an interesting test if you have like a high AOV product, or you could be optimizing for landing page views, which you really don't want to do, or other options.

Really just keep it at conversions if you're trying to go after that type of purchase event. You can also set a cost per result roll goal. But again, I really would not start off by doing that in the beginning.

Now here is something that's interesting. You can also set an attribution setting if you are new to Facebook ads, or if you have a smaller budget. And frankly, I've been doing this a lot more on my bigger budget campaigns as well.

I would keep it at seven day click one day view. I used to only use one day click or seven day click. The weird thing about Facebook is that it's an optimization and an attribution model, which means that it's actually going to optimize for people who would be more likely to purchase after viewing or after clicking.

And the idea here is that you definitely want to optimize and go after people who are more likely to convert say on one day click. But because so much of the data is missing from Facebook ads manager, I'm really trying to just supplement with more data. So that's why I tend to use seven day click one day view now.

And you can't actually change this, but you will get charged per impressions. So keep that there. You can also schedule your ads to run at a certain time.

I don't ever touch this and probably would never unless it's like for Black Friday, Cyber Monday or something. Now under here and to show more options, this is kind of interesting since we are going to be using CBO, you can set ad set spend limits here. And if you are just starting off, I would actually suggest trying to have a daily minimum of $30 per ad set, just so that you can make sure that enough spend is actually getting through both the ad sets.

What I often find is when I launch like interest or look like charging alongside a broad audience, a lot of times the broad audience will get a bulk of the spend. So that's why I would go ahead and set a daily minimum for each of your ad sets to start. But this is another thing that you can optimize, right?

If you start seeing I'm getting a lot more purchases out of a certain ad set, then I would either take these limits off or increase this daily minimum. But to begin, I would start by using this daily minimum. Now under here, we're going to be able to build out our audience.

And this is going to be interest targeting. And really depending on your audience and who your target customer is overall. I have just I would pretty much just leave the location to make sure you're targeting the right location.

And I would leave the age open in most cases, unless it's a lot younger audience that you're going after. Gender again, I tend to keep it pretty open. But if you are selling a product that's only for women or only for men, then yeah, try doing try segmenting that gender.

But if you're just starting off, to be honest, I highly recommend not really touching these too much because you don't really know who your audience is yet. I will say here generally, I will always exclude past purchasers from my campaigns. And I try to also, I try to exclude not only pixel based purchasers, but also a custom export list from email or something.

So this is just like a Clavio export that I was able to upload manually. And again, the pixel just isn't as accurate as it was anymore. So even if you're getting purchasers, they're not always going to be in this audience.

That's why I make sure to always have purchasers as like a custom export list to also exclude again. So we're not hitting up people who've already bought from us. And another question that I always get here is, what if I want people to purchase again, I would probably prefer to do that through email and really keep your Facebook ads as a way of acquiring new customers.

Or you could potentially also launch a new, or you could potentially launch like a loyalty audience if you wanted. So now here's where you're going to be adding your targeting. And I really always love doing publications.

I just find that's an audience that tends to work well across the board. So if I was creating a campaign for a brand that was segmented mostly towards young women, maybe like a supplement brand, then I would really think about the type of media they're consuming. So things like pop sugar, right?

So we have pop sugar right here. We don't want to do employers. We want to make sure it's an interest.

What other types of things are we going to be looking at? Things like bustle, things like buzzfeed, things like cosmopolitan. And really, I would add like up to 10 of these and, you know, see if it works.

I tend to find that this works pretty well across the board. And then languages, I would just keep all languages, especially if it's in the US. But if you do have a special parameter here, be sure to change that.

And then this button, what did it do? Connections to all people. Yeah, you could potentially target people who like or follow your page.

People who are similar. I really do not touch that. So I wouldn't.

And then right here, the next part is placements. Now this is going to be, you know, do you want your ads to show up on Facebook or on Instagram or on stories only or on reels only. If you are just starting off, just use automatic placements.

And then from there, we hit next. Now I'm going to go ahead and build out the rest of this ad account. And I will take you through a walkthrough just in a second.

So jumping into this ad account, you're going to notice that we have two campaigns. One is going to be your retargeting campaign and the other is going to be your prospecting campaign. Now your retargeting campaign is going to house audiences that have already had some kind of touch point with your brand, either via engaging with you on social media or via your website where your pixel has tracked them.

And you also have your prospecting audiences. Now prospecting audiences are people who've never heard of you before. Sometimes this is called top of funnel traffic.

Sometimes this is called cold traffic. And this is where you're going to be able to target people via interests or via lookalikes, or even just broad open targeting. Another call that I have is the budget.

Now you can see that a bulk of the budget is in prospecting, and this is definitely by the design with these smaller budgets. You really want to concentrate the bulk of that on finding new audiences. And you could increase your budgets a little bit in retargeting.

And the way that you would do that is by looking at your frequency. Now your frequency is going to tell you how many times over a specific time period an ad has been shown to a person on average. And I like to keep that frequency at around a four over the last seven days or under an eight over the last 30 days.

So if you notice that over the last seven days, your frequency is starting to dip below a four, then that's a sign that you could start increasing more of your budget and prospecting. But I would keep it like really low, especially if you're starting over $10, just do it by like, two to $3, maybe five. And, you know, especially if you're starting to see purchases come out of there, and that'd be a really good decision.

But for the most part, you really want the bulk of your budget going to finding new audiences. Now another call out that I have is that the attribution settings are going to be the same here. I know it says multiple attribution setting.

But if you pop into the retargeting campaign, you can see that it's a seven day click one day view. Again, in the past, I would have done something like one day click or seven day click. But because iOS 14, we don't have as much data being shown, I want as much data as possible inside of the ad account so that I can optimize the ads properly.

And seven day click one day view is actually going to be able to get that. Now another thing that I wanted to call out that I've personally changed about the way I run these campaigns is within the retargeting campaign. So you can see here, we only have one ad set.

And I actually used to divide up social engagers and website visitors. But again, retargeting audiences just do not seem to be as effective as they used to be due to iOS 14. So I keep social engagers and website visitors in there.

And if you're just starting off, I would go ahead and bump it up all the way to the highest time window possible. So for Facebook engagers and Instagram engagers, that's going to be 365 days. For website visitors, it's going to be 180 days.

If you're really concerned about engaging with people where it's just been too long since they've shown interest in your brand, bring it down to 90 days. But again, this is sort of a data play at this point. And I just want to be able to have as much data as possible.

And since you're optimizing for purchases across all of your campaigns and across all of your ad sets, then Facebook knows which audiences to prioritize, which ones are more likely to convert and purchase from you. Now, the other call out that I have is, yes, I am using CBO for all of these campaigns. This is another thing that I've changed recently, especially for these lower budgets, when you don't have as many ad sets, I would go ahead and just keep it CBO and just make sure that especially in your prospecting campaign where you have multiple audiences, make sure that the money isn't pulling into one audience.

And the way that you can make sure that that's not happening is by setting maximums and minimums underneath the budget and schedule. So you can go ahead and click that here and add a minimum or maximum just so that you can make sure this ends up getting spent. The final call out that I have for this build out is that if you go into retargeting, you can see the three ads that we decided that we wanted to start testing.

These are the exact same ads that are going to be in your prospecting campaign. And really, I have not found any good reason for segmenting your messaging or segmenting your ads and prospecting versus retargeting. Because again, really what you should be focusing on is making the best ad possible for all of your audiences.

And ultimately, this is going to be what's the most scalable. And especially at these smaller budgets, and if you have a new pixel or a new brand or a new website, this is like the wrong thing to concentrate on. And even for the accounts where we're spending a million dollars per month, we're not creating completely new creative strategies for prospecting versus retargeting.

The only time that I've ever done that is maybe if you have a special offer for people who've added to cart or for people who've had some kind of touch point with your brand, like you only want to show those people a 10% to kind of get them over the hump. But to be honest, because of iOS 14, a lot of your retargeting audiences are going to be in your prospecting audiences anyways. So I would just try to keep that uniform.

And when you start optimizing at the ad level, you're going to notice that for some of your rephrase, you're going to notice that for some of your ad sets in prospecting, what's working is going to differ slightly, as well as what's in retargeting might actually be performing a little differently than what's in prospecting. And that's totally fine. Just make sure that you are optimizing based on the data that you have and moving forward instead of trying to create something that's completely overcomplicated.

Now I want to quickly discuss exactly how I would be optimizing an account like this. And I've broken this down into a series of about five steps. And the first one is you should be adding a new creative to every single ad set about every other week, as long as you're at this 4k per month budget.

Seriously, not all creatives that you test are going to be winners. And it is the most important thing to determine your success in the platform. So you want to make sure that your ad account is always being refreshed with new strategic creative.

The next optimization I would make is if you see really good results coming out of a prospecting audience, be sure to increase that ad set by 10%. And I would do that about once a week if you're seeing purchases coming out of a specific ad set. And step number three, in the opposite vein, if you see that an ad set isn't performing as well, then I would be sure to decrease those budgets or shut off that ad set altogether.

And again, I would do this optimization about once a week. And number four, if you turned off an ad set in prospecting, be sure to add another audience to test. There's a few different strategies that you can use to figure out what the best types of interests and lookalikes to test are in this platform.

And I have a video, it's a little outdated, but it's still pretty much what I would do in this case. So be sure to check that out right here. And number five is to remember that the numbers that are inside the actual Facebook ads platform are not totally accurate.

So it's really imperative that you get an alternative data source like triple whale where you can actually justify increasing or decreasing your budgets. Now, when it comes to turning on or off ads at the ad level, for the most part, I'm using in platform data to justify whether or not I'm going to turn off an ad. But when it comes to increasing or decreasing budgets at like the ad set or campaign level, I'm really looking at triple whale or North beam to make sure that that's the right move.

Additionally, a lot of times what you're going to see is that purchases just aren't going to register at all on Facebook ads. So you'll want to use the data that's inside of triple whale or North beam to really justify keeping your ad account on it all. Some other final words of wisdom that I have for optimizing campaigns are that, you know, if you're at this 4k level and you see that your blended metrics or your mur are really just knocking it out of the park, then I would suggest increasing your budgets across the board.

And I would start off by doing that a little bit slowly. Facebook says that you can increase your budgets by 20% and that won't trigger your ad sets or your campaigns going into the learning phase. But at these smaller budgets, I would highly suggest taking a slower pace and just doing a 10% increase.

And this would be like a 10% increase across the board. I would actually go ahead and suggest trying increasing 20% in your ad sets that have the most traction or the most performance. But I do find that when you are scaling up overall, it's a lot better to do so across the board, across all campaigns, across all ad sets.

Another thing to know if this is your first time advertising on Facebook ads or you're a new brand and you have a new pixel is that retargeting probably isn't going to be super important at this point. But I would still recommend having some spend segmented there. Just be careful to monitor your frequency so that you don't end up blowing this audience out of the park with tons and tons of ad impressions.

And if you actually want to see my exact dashboard setup and the metrics that I'm using to optimize my campaigns and platform, be sure to check out this video right here. And that's it. I had a lot of fun doing this one.

I'm trying to do a lot more of these watch me build out a Facebook ad account videos. So again, really, if you enjoyed this video, please be sure to subscribe to this channel and like this video so that I know that you guys want to see more content like this. And that is it.

I will see you guys next Monday. Later. Bye.