Hey guys welcome to my channel my name is Dara I'm a full-time director of paid social at a fully remote marketing agency we specialize in digital advertising primarily me for Facebook ads and the question that I get asked the most often is what kind of budget someone should start off with when they are trying out Facebook ads for the first time now you know I understand why this this question is so complicated you want to have a big enough budget to make sure that you fully test out the platform to make sure it's right for you and also you want to you know get some data and some learnings the first time around but also you know if you're just starting off your business you might not have that big of a budget to really play around with at first so my every time I get asked that question I actually you know throw it back and ask what kind of budget can you afford and that's where we really want to start of course you know you're not gonna be able to fully test out the platform with a couple hundred dollars in one month but I also think that it's not quite as expensive as people might make it out to be especially if it's your first month trying it out so I'm actually gonna show you two different ways to figure out your budget one of them is the Facebook recommended version and really I just want to show you this because a lot of people like knowing the best practices and it was something when I was learning Facebook ads that I was really interested in learning as well full disclosure like yeah there are some things that are best practices but there are not as many rules as like I thought when I first started doing Facebook ads so it's again for this scenario it's more about what you can afford and the second way I'm gonna show you how to and the second way I'm going to show you is actually what I do for my own personal clients and also professionally at the agency so let's dive in so the first way I wanted to show you guys is the Facebook recommended way and they actually have it boiled down to a formula now I hear the Facebook reps push this when as one of the first levels of defense when your campaigns aren't working so yeah at the agency we have a few reps that help us you know on campaign performance if we have a difficult account so in one of the things they'll recommend is you know this budget formula they'll often say like oh you don't have a high enough budget and the way that this goes is that you know Facebook actually works the best if you have about 50 purchases through the pixel every single week and so the way that this formula works is that you'll want to take the price of your most common product so say you have a product that's a hundred dollars let's just make it really easy so you have a hundred dollar product and you want to make 50 purchases for that during the first week so you'll take a hundred times fifty and that's five thousand dollars so you can see why I don't recommend this for new businesses because that's only a budget for one week and it's getting very expensive so five thousand times four is a 20k budget so I really understand that that is too much money for a business that's just starting out so yeah but you don't have to worry because you can definitely test out the platform to see if it's right for you and it's not gonna cost that much money so for the way that we use at the agency and also for the way that I use with my personal clients to figure out those initial budgets it is based on the the average cost of the product and you know for products that are two hundred dollars and under so one product costs either two hundred dollars or less you know we really are looking for an initial budget that at the bare bare minimum is around two thousand dollars for one month and I think that in this case it would actually work better if the product was under a hundred dollars however I have seen recently during the kovat crisis when less when less advertisers were spending on Facebook ads we were actually able to get away with a slightly higher price product more in the two hundred dollar range with a monthly budget of two thousand dollars and we were able to see just under a two row as for that over three months during kovat so with products that cost more so two hundred dollars or more yeah you are gonna gonna see better results if you spend more money out of the gate so if you have a product that is three hundred dollars four hundred dollars five hundred dollars you know you really are looking to spend anywhere from five thousand to ten thousand dollars to do that initial test but again it really is about what kind of money you as a business can spend to do that initial test unfortunately you know spending ten dollars a day twenty dollars a day it's not going to get you good results especially if you have one of those higher priced products another way to look at this because I know that sometimes looking at the budget monthly is hard to conceptualize you know if you're just starting off and you have a lower price product under two hundred dollars you know you really want to be spending about sixty six dollars a day or more ideally too as you know if you have ideally if you have a higher priced product you really do want to start spending one hundred to one hundred and fifty dollars a day so that you can be sure to test the right kind of things to make sure that you're not only giving the algorithm enough data to optimize to make sure it's the right platform for you but also you know for those higher prices you know for those higher prices you know for those higher prices to buy those higher price products, people aren't going to be as impulsive to purchase. So not only are you going to have to set up a campaign targeting cold traffic, but you're also going to have to set up a retargeting campaign. One of my favorite statistics recently is that more than 80% of people do not purchase a product on the first touch point, which is often an ad, which means that they're going to have to do some research about your product and they're going to have to be retargeted either on Google, on Facebook, or on email to actually get them to make that purchase.

So again, if you have a higher price product, you really are going to want to be spending more of a daily budget so that you can not only implement prospecting, which is for cold traffic, but also having a really solid retargeting funnel so that you can put some of the information that's going to help people to convert right in your ads. Another consideration for your budget is what kind of traffic your website currently has. You know, maybe you have a loyal following on social media that drives quite a bit of traffic, or maybe you have done some SEO in the past that's driving a lot of traffic to your website.

All these things are also a factor because if you are starting a brand new website, likely you aren't going to be able to optimize for the purchase conversion right out of the gate. So what this means is if you know, if your main goal on Facebook is to get purchases and make money, then you'll want to have the conversion objective for your campaign and you'll want to optimize for purchases. But unfortunately, if your website is brand new and you're a brand new business, you don't have much data being tracked through your pixel or being tracked for Google Analytics for the pixel and the algorithm to actually find out where your customers are.

So in that case, you know, we'd be optimizing for add to cart, but that means we need to start driving traffic. So, you know, if you are a brand new business, I would encourage to spend even $1,000 more on top of that bare minimum $2,000 to $3,000. Also look in the description below.

I have another video for you guys where I actually build out a Facebook account from start to finish. Now, this is exactly how I build out accounts for businesses that have never done advertising before. So if you are a business that's looking to start building out your campaigns on Facebook and you don't really know where to start, copy this tactic.

If you hired me tomorrow, this is exactly what I would implement on your account. And it's a great place to start. So be sure to click below and go to that other video.

Also, if you guys have any other questions about Facebook ads or about starting your businesses online and using digital marketing, be sure to comment below. I'm going to be doing a video every single day the month of June and I need help with some ideas. So please let me know what you guys want to see.

All right. Thanks. Bye.

Bye. Nice. There is like no battery.

I get nervous hives and like, it's so funny because I'm breaking out into hives because I'm so nervous over this fucking video that like, it kind of looks like hickey though. Also, look at my setup. This is like my dad's lighting that he uses working in the garage.

But you, in the past, you've had a lot of success with SEO, with press, with, um, you know, other marketings.