What's up marketers? In today's video, I'm going to show you exactly how I use AI to create winning Facebook ads creative. This video has been highly, highly requested.

So I'm going to be going through my favorite chat GBT prompts that have actually made my clients a ton of revenue and saved me a lot of time. A huge thanks to Varos for sponsoring this video. I actually asked Varos to sponsor this video because they're such an integral part of the process that I'm going to show you today.

If you've ever wondered if your brand has a good click-through rate, a good ROAS, or a good cost per purchase, and you've wanted to compare that to other brands in your industry, then you're going to want to learn a lot more about them. More on that in a bit. So let's dive into these prompts.

So if you're new to using AI, something that was a huge unlock for me is that it's like a much, much smarter search engine. So if you're wondering about targeting options for Facebook ads, the top D2C brands to follow for inspiration, or even which metrics are most important for you to follow, then you can ask it those questions. However, the best way that you can qualify this search engine to give you the best answers is to give some parameters as guidance.

Something like this. You're an expert in Facebook ads and making ad creative for the platform. What are the top ad creative types I should make for a beauty brand?

To be honest, I was pretty surprised by this response. It's pretty spot on. And of course, it's not always going to have the right vernacular that our sort of niche industry uses, like us versus them, our features point out, et cetera.

But as far as an overarching strategy, I'd say that it's spot on. It includes before and after comparisons, for instance, behind the scenes content, user generated content, tutorial videos, which is huge. So this is pretty good.

Now, this is not going to work for every single question that you have. Like if you want to know the average ROAS or click through rate for a beauty brand on Facebook ads, you're going to get a response like this. Not super helpful.

However, this question is really important because you're going to need to understand how your brand compares to your competitors and it'll help you focus on which part of the funnel actually needs your attention. This is why Varos is an integral part of my toolkit when I'm conducting creative strategy research for brands. Varos allows you to compare your metrics anonymously to other brands in your industry.

So if you want to see what the average click through rate, ROAS, CPA, and even spend is for beauty brands in your industry, that data is available in Varos. It also gets super specific. For example, you could look at anti-aging skincare brands that have an AOV of less than a hundred that are spending 50K per month on Facebook ads.

That's pretty cool. And it's not just for Facebook ads slash meta ads. You can also benchmark your TikTok ads, your Google ads, and even your Shopify data.

To benchmark your data against your competitors and to get a 14 day free trial of Varos, be sure to sign up in the description bar below. You can also get 20% off when you use the code DARA. Now let's dive into some of my favorite prompts to use specifically for creative strategy research.

And the first one is one that I actually love to use when you have competitors that are quite a bit bigger than you so that you can identify some of their strengths and weaknesses. I often liked using this one before meetings when I worked at the agency. It made me seem super smart.

A SWOT analysis means strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats. I always forget the last one. And it essentially shows you your place in the market.

Again, I like doing this when I'm working with bigger brands, but I also like doing this when there are big competitors in my industry that we can look out for specific opportunities that maybe my brands could capitalize on. This next one is pretty simple. What are the most common complaints about blank?

I really like being able to zoom in on what some of the specific complaints are for any given product. And this allows me to zoom in on what really common pain points are. And I often find that if I can structure a creative around a really common pain point that a lot of people experience in the industry, then that creative might actually be more scalable because it will appeal to a broader range of people.

So for mascara, clumping, flanking, smudging, difficult removal, not waterproof enough, very true, short-lived curl, drying out quickly, sensitivity, not enough volume, unpleasant smell, interesting, you never had that one. For me, smudging. Now this next one I actually haven't been able to do in chat GVT and I like to do it in Bard, which is Google's chat GVT essentially, which is to ask it, what are the top articles that have been written about this brand recently?

And sometimes I'll qualify it like the last two years. I really like seeing what the press is saying about a brand because oftentimes these reviews are going to show up when your customers are doing their own research. And for some demographics, press is the highest form of authority or trustworthiness when it comes to online reviews.

And the right press can also just give that stamp of legitimacy. So I really like to see, okay, is there any press that we could potentially use in ads? Or is there a negative press that might be bringing down the conversion rate of our ads?

Oh yeah. And this other one's a big one. What are the top 10 competitors for chart cosmetics?

One of my big hacks too, is you can tell chat GVT to put anything into a table. I love doing that, especially for someone who's just like not as good at, you know, using Excel and whatnot, but it is such a time saver to be able to have the websites, the Instagrams, and the TikToks listed. So I can really quickly do my own qualitative analysis without that much busy work.

Okay. Number three is customer review mining. Now, one of the biggest things that is key to creative strategy research is mining over your customer testimonials.

And I've found a hack that has literally transformed the way that I do this using chat GVT. So let me show you. So this is the prompt.

Summarize the following comments. We're going to be actually doing an example with Hexclad and tell me about the overall sentiment. And this is the little note for you.

Be sure to include the reviews. So I actually have the reviews right here. I am going to copy all of them really quick.

Now I heard from Alex Cooper, the founder of AdCrate that you can do about 30. I'm only doing about 13 here because these reviews were so long and let's see. So the overall sentiment, I like to start there, especially if you're getting a wide range and you don't have time to quickly go over all of them.

You want to get like a paragraph statement of what the reviews are. I often find this is so helpful when I'm in meetings with my clients. So I can say something like, Hey, this is the overall general sentiment of what the reviews are saying about your brand.

So for this one, positive sentiment, there is a mention of them being on the expensive side, but a lot of users feel it's justified by performance. A few reviews mentioned initial concerns such as black residue on the pan, but Hexclad customer support is praised for addressing and resolving these promptly. I mean, that's pretty good.

That's really good, but we're not done here. There's a few more we want to look at. So I like keeping this open and then asking the next question.

Are there any golden nugget phrases on the above reviews that would attract new customers if used in a Facebook ad? Now with a little bit of cleaning up, I think that these could actually be transformed into really great headlines or really great bullet points that you can put inside of any ad creative. In fact, I think this would be really ideal for a features point out ad.

Now, the next thing that I like to look at is trigger points that actually got someone to buy. So what was that thing that actually got people to decide to buy? And another thing that I think is really smart to look out for too is the objections that someone might have before buying.

And you can see here, high price point, the initial black residue might be a weird flag that I would potentially ignore. Limited usage period for assessment, the weight, Teflon nonstick, shipping issues, learning curve, comparison to other pans, and limited usage experience. Now the reason why I would do this is because it might be a really good signal to the brand to create an overcoming objection style ad, particularly for that high price point one.

So in my course, I actually like to break down reviews to show you how to look out for these things like objections, pain points, triggers, discovery, etc. And you can actually use all of those points and feed chat GVT, a list of reviews, and actually have them find those specific points so that you can see common threads in your reviews. And if you're looking to see how another advertiser does this really well, be sure to check out Alex Cooper.

I really do feel like he is the AI Facebook ads creative guy. And I've learned a lot from him. He actually has an entire thread that's all about this.

I'm going to link in the description bar below. The next one we're going to talk about is script writing specifically for UGC. Now the specific hack that I use, I've seen floating around Twitter in a few different variations.

And essentially what you want to do here is find a top performing video ad. You could actually go to one of your competitors or a brand that you admire and filter by the ad creative that has been running the longest or the one that you've determined to be performing the best, maybe due to some sleuthing on Twitter, which a lot of times people will tell, let's say what has performed the best, which is kind of wild. And if you download that, you can actually get the script.

Now there are several different platforms where you can automatically transcribe a video. My friend Nicole uses Loom, which is a great free option. And I personally use Adobe Premiere Pro to get that.

And I know that there are other platforms out there like HappyScribe, where you can automatically get the script from any video online. And essentially what you want to do is you want to take that script and ask it to rewrite it for you for your brand and products specifically. And the final one I want to go over is all about creating enticing headlines.

Now, some of the prompts I'm going to show you, I actually use for my own YouTube video titles, but I've actually found that I end up using the exact same prompts when I want to create really enticing headlines on videos for my clients that have ended up leading to really great performance. So something like this, you're an expert YouTuber that makes YouTube titles that makes new viewers want to watch the latest YouTube video. Look at these two title options and give me 10 more SEO optimized options.

And now this is actually one of my favorite hacks to do. Anytime you have a headline that's performed really well for you, I would actually suggest that you have ChatGPT rewrite it as if they were Mr. Beast.

And that's it. Be sure to let me know in the comments below which AI prompt is your favorite. And if you have any that you want to share, I am always looking to be adding new AI prompts to my AI prompt sheet.

And don't forget to check out Varos for all of that juicy benchmarking data. I will see you next week. Bye.