Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to answer the question, how long should I run an ad on Facebook? Now I understand why this is such a confusing question.

On one hand, you want to change your creative enough so that you can keep your audience interested because no one wants to show the same ad over and over again to the same audience. But on the other hand, if you have an older ad that continues to outperform your new creative test, should you just take it out even though it's the best performing one? I got you.

So by the end of this video, you're going to know exactly when to turn off your ads or if you should just keep them running. So the first thing you need to understand is that there is no best practice time to keep your Facebook ads running. There is only the data in your account.

That means that you are 100% allowed and encouraged to continue using creative that is profitable for you. I've worked on some accounts where we've had the same creative in there for more than six months, but it continues to outperform all the new creative that we tested against. So we just leave it in the campaigns.

This is a little bit more common with your cold audiences. So I'm not super surprised that you keep some ads in your cold audiences for a longer amount of time. I will say this though, I tend to start looking out for creative fatigue after about three weeks of deploying a new ad.

And if results are consistent till then, and then that you start to see a slump, that might mean that you need to juice up the creative a bit. And you'll want to monitor that pattern. So if you notice that you upload new creative results are really good for three weeks, and then you see a slump, then that would mean that your account needs new creative about every three weeks.

And that pattern is consistent with other times that you've uploaded new creative in the past, then that would definitely be something that you want to be a little bit more proactive about. And then you can know, oh, you know, it normally takes about three weeks for my account to start experiencing creative fatigue. And that's the kind of uploading schedule you'll want for juicing a new creative to your campaigns.

So you get it. There are no best practices in Facebook ads when it comes to uploading new creative. But another thing that you can do number two is to track metrics that matter.

And if you guys are going for purchases, then it's really going to be the purchase data that matters. So your ROAS, your number of purchases, your purchase conversion value, do not get bogged down with things like a high CPM or a high CPC, because those things are mostly talking about what kind of audiences you guys are targeting. And to some extent, it's also about the kind of product you guys have.

And number three, do not get lazy about creative. I know a lot of people that start tinkering with their ads when performance starts to slump. So they start to change things like their targeting or their optimization strategies, or they flip on CBO or they turn off CBO, but they don't think about their stale creative that's been running for two months straight that duh, that's the problem.

This is a major oversight. And I see it all the time. People think that you know, developing their Facebook ads creative is a one time deal.

And they don't realize that actually in order to get the best kind of results, they really need to start injecting more creative into their Facebook ad campaign on a more regular basis. So to recap, number one, there is no best practice for how long a Facebook ad to run, it is really determined by your account. And you need to do the homework and figure out when that is to make sure you're tracking metrics that matter.

Don't get bogged down with things like CPM, CPC, and other things that aren't purchases, which is really what you're after. And number three, keep creative at the front of your mind. Developing creative is not a one and done thing for Facebook ads, you really have to inject new creative so that your audiences can continue to engage with your brand in new ways.

My one expert tip for you guys is to be sure to monitor how your data differentiates between your cold and your retargeting audiences. And this essentially means do your cold audiences like different kinds of creative than your retargeting audiences? Spoiler alert, they probably do.

And see what I've noticed too, is I can keep my ads running a little bit longer in my cold audiences because those audiences are always changing. Those are new people that haven't actually started their journey in my funnel. But yes, however, I do find that my creative does need to be changed more regularly in my retargeting, especially if you're using the same ads for prospecting and retargeting, which, you know, it's fine to start off doing that.

But eventually you do want to start differentiating that kind of content so you can have a more cohesive user journey and funnel. What you really have to do here is just follow the data and that's ultimately what's going to give you the best results. Okay.

And that's it. If you guys have any more questions, feel free to hit me up in the comments below. See ya.

Bye.