I think you are actually going to be the best person to explain what Cannes Lions is. OK. Cannes Lions is the International Festival of Creativity.

It is, at its core, an award show. But many people do not go. It's hard to remember that.

These are known as the most prestigious advertising awards. If you have a Cannes Lion, you can go anywhere. You can get any job you want.

All of the platforms are here, too, like Meta, Pinterest, TikTok, Spotify. It's just become a huge party, basically. Some people say it's like advertising spring break.

Oh, that's so funny. I'm Ashley. I run Stuff About Advertising.

I love talking about creativity and ad campaigns, analyzing why they work and why they don't. It was insanely busy all week. We did go to a banger party we're going to talk about.

VIP. It was like our one crazy night. Yeah, yeah.

We were mingling with really big influencers and Legit celebrities. Celebrities. I feel like every 30 seconds, we would be like, oh, my God.

There's. What was your goal coming into this? I wanted to really just put myself in front of as much of the industry as I could.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. And say, like, here I am. This is what I do.

This is how I can help you. Let me be your go-to advertising creator. I think it's interesting about your situation, actually, is I think that the biggest splash you made for Cannes Lion was actually that post.

It was. Explain the post. Yeah, so do you think you will come back next year?

I'm not sold, especially thinking about. Cheers to Cannes 2025. Cheers.

It has been a whirlwind. I know. Oh, my goodness.

So I want us to dive in to everything that we experienced this week. I feel like for what you do on the advertising side, you're much more like what I would say traditional agency, correct? Absolutely.

What type of roles have you had agency side? I started my career in social media. OK.

This is back when I'm going to be aging myself here, but back when brands were just understanding that social media is a place where they need to be. Oh, goodness. Yes.

So when Facebook had like gates, most brands were basically only on Facebook and Twitter, nothing else. I was a copywriter, somewhat of an art director, an account manager. I did analytics.

I did everything in this role as a social person. So that's where I started. I've dabbled in a couple other things like account management and analytics, but I found my way into copywriting because that's the side that I loved so much.

I love being creative. Honestly, I hated writing in school, but copywriting for advertising is so different. What did you study in school?

I started as a chemistry major. What? Organic chemistry made me realize that was not for me.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I switched to, it was a combination major between IT and communications. So that's where I kind of discovered that advertising was even a career and got into social media through that.

So as soon as I became a copywriter, it all kind of just clicked into place for me and worked my way up to creative director. Okay, very cool. And also a lot of people don't know this either, but we are Cannes roommates.

So we decided to room together at Cannes. We actually met at a Spotify event a few months ago. And I think it was you that just happened to mention, and you're like, I really want to go to Cannes this year.

And I was like, we should do it. I don't know how it came up. Yeah, yeah.

I was so excited to finally meet you in person. Same. And I feel like I just, we clicked immediately.

Yeah, yeah. And so I just like poured my heart out to you. And Cannes was something that was on the top of my mind.

And I knew that it wasn't really financially going to be a smart decision for me. Nope. I've made so many, so many bad decisions this week.

Wow. And it's an expensive trip. Yes.

If you're paying for it by yourself. Which we were. It is very difficult.

And for me, that's why it just kind of seemed like it was never going to be a possibility for me. Yeah. So when we chatted about potentially going together and sharing a place, I was like, oh, maybe this can happen.

It's like more attainable. Yeah. So I was very happy that you were down.

It's so funny because I'm going to be so honest. I don't know that it was totally on my radar for this year. Like, I had heard you talk about it online.

And I had heard some of my other creator friends in New York talking about it. And I was like, maybe. I'm just like really impulsive.

But when we met and you're like, I want to go, I was like, let's go. Let's go. And then when you went back home, I texted you the next day.

I was like, so let's plan this. Yes. You really were the driving force.

I know. I normally that's not my personality, but I was like, I'm glad you did that, though, because that's very much not me. Like, I would sit back and just let it pass me by.

So I'm so glad you really urged me to do it. Yeah. So if you could sum up like what your experience was this week, do you think you will come back next year?

Are you like, yes, I love this. I'm in. Or like, what's your feelings on it?

I feel like I'm still deciding. I'm not sold, especially thinking about paying for it by myself. I don't think I'll pay for it again.

That's where I'm at. I think that's where I'm at, too, to be honest. Like, I had talked to a few creators, even creators that didn't come, and they're like, wow, this event seems so crazy.

Like, we should all go. We should do a thing. And I'm like, no.

Like, I don't think that's going to be for me next year. Like, number one, there's about 500 events that you could possibly go to throughout the week. So it's already a part-time job trying to Tetris your schedule into something that makes sense.

And it's cool when you have, like, people to meet. Like, I understand why, like, big agency people come here and they're just, like, meeting after meeting after meeting. But if you're not going with a brand that doesn't, like, occupy a big chunk of that schedule, like, there is an element of, like, you're always missing out on something.

You're always hustling to get somewhere. And with the heat and, like, the way that Canna's laid out, like, you are exhausted. Yeah.

Everything is so spread out. Yeah. And there's the main walking area where all of the brand beaches are set up.

Yeah. There's the main festival grounds, which are on one end of this main walkway area. And this area is, like, probably a 15-, 20-minute walk all the way across.

Yeah. We are north of that in our Airbnb at, like, a 25-minute walk. So just to get down there, it takes 25 minutes.

And then you have to walk across. And then outside of that, there are villas everywhere up in the hills. Oh, yeah.

Brands and agencies and stuff will rent out a villa. And host their own talks and events and stuff there. So you have to either walk or Uber up to there.

Yeah. And it's just, it is so hard to get to everything. Yeah.

I was not expecting to have to allocate a two-hour chunk of my schedule to go to a villa and then have to get back to the main area. It's just, it's so complex. Yeah.

It's really complex. But I will say one of the villas that we went to, you got to speak at or you got to moderate a panel. Yes.

Which I thought was really, it was one of my favorite talks. I appreciate that. Of the entire CAN.

No kidding. So why don't you tell them what your talk was about and, like, also how it felt to, like, speak at CAN for your first CAN, which I think is very, very cool. Yeah.

It was actually a total last minute thing. Yeah. I had posted on LinkedIn that I was coming and an agency reached out and said, hey, you know, we need a moderator for this panel.

We think you'd be a really good fit. So it was kind of a last minute thing. The panel was at the Brands and Culture Villa and it was called Niche, Reach, Intimacy at Scale.

So it was basically about how do you talk to your audience as a brand in a way that doesn't feel like you're just shouting things at them, but you're actually communicating. It's a two-way street. Yeah.

Like that community element. Yes. They feel like you're, like, you're part of their community and not just a brand encroaching in their space.

So it was how to do that. We talked to some brand representatives who have done that before, 7-Eleven, DoorDash, and then the CEO of an agency called Cole McVoy. And they really gave me freedom to write the questions.

Yeah. And I expected them to have it all done and, like, I would just kind of be the voice. So it was exciting to be able to form it.

Yeah. Oh, I didn't know that. You got to really curate it.

Yeah. They said, you know, here's the description of the panel. Yeah.

Ask what you want to ask. So they told me about the guests and I dug into the work that they've done. And, you know, what I do as a creator is I follow my curiosities.

Yeah. So I just treated it the same way. Anything I would ask them just in normal conversation is what I ask them in this panel.

So I'm really happy with how it went. I thought I was going to be super nervous, but I was actually fine. No, you smashed it.

And like I said, I was like, really, like, ace presentation. Thank you. And, like, people were super engaged, which was awesome.

It was a beautiful villa. That was one of my favorite spaces, I think. Yeah.

Because it was away from the hustle and bustle. It felt cooler up in the hills in terms of, like, temperature. Yeah.

Like, it was also, like, cool. But it was just, like, a really nice setup. It was more intimate, too.

Absolutely. Like, there were some talks that I went to that would have, like, 200 people standing around a room. And I was like, this just feels, like, weird to have to, like, get up and talk about advertising, too.

And I'd say, actually, this is one of my critiques of, like, the entire week is, like, when people say, oh, there is, like, an event or a talk at Cannes, it's almost primarily panels. And I actually had a hard time after, like, my third or fourth panel being, like, okay, I feel like we're only getting surface level. Like, sometimes it's really hard to dive deep when you're listening to a panel unless you are really, you're really curious about a specific person or, like, the topic.

Yes. But a lot of times, like, these panels were just really high level. And I was like, ugh, like, you can tell sometimes, too, the panelists hadn't talked before.

So it was like a ping pong ball of question, question, question. I mean, I haven't been to a ton of advertising events. I'm out in Colorado where nothing ever happens.

But the few that I have been to have been the same way. Any conference I've ever been to, I feel like 99% of the talks are pointless. It's just the most high level stuff that you've heard over and over and over again.

But I will say, for some reason, it's like the higher ups need to hear it from a place like this. It's almost like they don't trust it until it's at this, like, highbrow place of can. And so if it is something that you've heard over and over and over again, like, you and I know it already.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, we don't need to be reminded. But for some reason, there are leaders who are, like, just totally ignoring it until they're like, oh, we're at Cannes.

This is a great piece of advice. I'm going to take that and actually use it now. And I guess, too, like, when I think about the programming then that the platforms are putting, like, so all of the platforms are here, too.

Like, Meta, Pinterest, TikTok, Spotify, you name it, they're probably here. And they probably also have a beach or, like, a huge section. So there's Meta Beach, there's Spotify Beach, Pinterest Beach.

Amazon Port. Amazon Port, yeah. And then Canva.

So they all have these great, amazing setups. And you can tell by looking at their programming what they need, what needs to sink in. Like, at Meta, they were talking a lot about partnership ads, a lot about, like, the Advantage Plus Suite or their new Meta AI.

They had some huge announcements there this week, too. But I know you and I were talking about, like, the setup. What were your thoughts on some of the activations?

Were there any that you thought were your favorite? I was really anticipating the setups because, like, I'm going to go ahead and get to the next one. Because I love experiential marketing.

Same. And seeing what people, what brands do at things like music festivals and big events, Super Bowl, you know, whatever it is. I love that stuff.

And I always wish I could be there in person to experience it. So when I came here, I was really expecting that same level of interaction and, like, things to do and photo ops and that kind of stuff. And I feel like here, because it's basically a B2B experiential piece, it's just not as fun as I was anticipating.

There are some beautiful setups. I mean, these beaches are huge. Like, they had to have, like, they must have cost millions of dollars.

Absolutely. Just for the space alone, plus the building of this entire structure. Yeah.

I mean, it is so involved. And it's impressive. And the decorations and stuff are beautiful.

Mm-hmm. But I was really hoping for more, like, things to do. I think Pinterest has a...

They're tattoos! Their setup is called Manifestival. And they design it so that it feels like you're in a Pinterest board.

So, like, you're getting to explore all of these different hobbies and things in aesthetics to try out. So, yeah, like, their fisherman aesthetic was their tattoo area. That's cute.

They had, you could decorate hats, do some screen printing. Mm-hmm. There's all kinds of stuff.

But at the same time, because that was one of the only places that had a lot of that interactive stuff, it was insanely busy all week. I went there multiple times to try to do stuff, but the lines were at least 30 minutes long for every activity every time I went there. That's crazy.

I did not make it there. I was, like, I'm tapped out. Well, also, they had very little shade at Pinterest.

So, every time I walked in there, I felt like I was dying. So... Yeah, yeah.

You had a ton of people that you were meeting, other brands. Mm-hmm. Like, what was your goal coming into this?

So, because it was such an expensive trip, my goal was to make some connections that could lead to potential brand partnerships or consulting gigs or speaking gigs or whatever in the future. I also really just wanted to make myself known as a creator in the space. Yeah.

You know that I have a very loyal following within the industry. You had so many people coming up to you. They loved you.

I did. I was so happy to meet some of my followers here. Yeah.

Like, that was definitely a highlight of the week for me. I'm so happy that people felt comfortable enough to, like, come up and say hi. Yeah.

And I love that. But I feel like, because I live in Colorado, I feel very isolated there. Yeah.

And when the ad industry is very much L.A. and New York. Yeah.

And the U.K. I just felt like I didn't have enough exposure, I guess. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I wanted to really just put myself in front of as much of the industry as I could. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And say, like, here I am.

This is what I do. This is how I can help you. Mm-hmm.

Let me be your go-to advertising creator. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I just wanted to be around and talk to people.

And I think I did that in some capacity, especially with the content that I was posting. But the heat really makes it difficult to just kind of mingle. Oh, yeah.

Because you just don't want to be outside. And you're not your best self. No.

What? You're sweaty and gross. You're annoyed at everything.

And I just, it was a lot more difficult to just have those spontaneous connections that I've heard so much about at Cannes. It wasn't clicky, but you could tell people were kind of in their groups. Yes.

And it was a little hard to break out of those groups. My goal coming here was I wanted to have a lot better relationships with the platform specifically. So I have an amazing relationship with Meta.

I actually got to work with Meta a little bit while I was here, which was awesome. I wanted to have some more FaceTime with Pinterest, with Amazon, with TikTok especially, and Canva. And I found that really, really hard to actually do.

Because it's like you go into these activations and there's tons of people running around. And you don't really know who the TikTok people are, who the Pinterest people are. And even if you did, it's like, hi, my name is Dara Denny.

I'm an advertising creator. And they're like, cool, great, see ya. And I'm like that, I would be like fair.

Yeah. There's no time. Yeah, there's no time.

And it's, I also was hoping there would be more time for like impromptu like content that could happen. Yes. I would say that the place where that was most possible was on top of the Pele, the Lion's Creator rooftop.

But that also, like, I didn't actually find that a lot of creators were congregating there. And it was also a huge space. So at times it felt empty when I was up there.

I was able to meet with a creative strategy person who I know that's from Brazil, Danilo. And we were able to do an interview there up on the first day. But I found it hard to make content, which is why I like resorted to vlog content this week.

Yeah. Which like my audience doesn't necessarily like know or love me for. What I was expecting to do here content wise turned into something very different.

Oh my God. My, my plan. I had a spreadsheet.

I had. Did you? Yeah.

Yeah. Amazing. Okay.

Like, it's, it's very hard to do content here. One thing is the internet. Oh my God.

The internet is basically non-existent unless you're on the festival grounds where there is actual wifi that you can connect to as a pass holder. Anywhere else it's going to take 20 minutes to post anything, if not longer. The biggest thing though, I think for both of us that we were experiencing is like, there's just no time to do content because you're racing from place to place.

You might shoot some footage here and there. Yeah. But when do you sit down and edit something?

It's just, you're on the move constantly. And then you get back home at midnight and you have to shower cause you feel disgusting. And then you just want to go to bed.

Like there's no, there's hardly any time to just sit in front of your phone and worry about editing content. The first night I edited something really small and like quippy and was supposed to be clever. And I was just like, man, like, I don't think that it's like sustainable to make a ton of canned content.

And I think that's a lot of creators actually just posting to stories and they would do like a roundup that way. And I was like, I think that actually makes sense for a lot of the creators that were here. I think so too, because anything that involves editing is just, it's going to be too hard.

So you have to just do that on the fly sort of content. So we met up with Orin and Ashwin at the dark room villa, which was really cool. This was the first time you were meeting them.

Yeah. Yeah. And they actually did one of the best talks here for the first time.

For sure. It was the most actionable. It was the most actionable, the most tactical.

They, we even, you even got like a field guide to take away and like in the flesh, which was so cool. And like, they just also had like a certain energy that I was like, wow, can and didn't like suck you dry just yet. You know?

Cause they were also a little bit removed from the cro, the croissette and like, you know, the whole hustle and bustle. So I think if I was going to do it again, I want to do more of the fringe events or like, try to localize myself to a certain villa or like a certain area, because I don't think I ever need to in my life do like, go hit all the major platform, like activations. It's just too much.

The only way I would do that is if I knew I had like VIP access into all of them. Yeah. Yeah.

That was another thing is like every place we were supposed to be on the list for did not have us on the list, which was crazy. So it just made getting into anything so difficult. Even the villa that I was moderating a panel at, I wasn't on the list.

Oh, it, it just happened at every single place. So it just adds this chaos to get into these things and there's lines behind you. And it's just, it's, it's too much energy for an introvert.

Yeah. And I'd say too, it's like, a CanLions pass is about $4,000, $5,000. It is not cheap.

Right. I got a creator pass. I paid for it myself.

It was about $1,500. I'm thankful that I had it, but I did not see like a single talk, like at the Pele, for instance. Right.

But I know that like going to a lot of the activations with the platforms, they would like scan it and it was good that you had it. I feel like there was this layer too of like, oh, you have the pass, that's like one level. And then, oh, are you on the list?

That's like another level. And a lot of times you can just get on the list by signing up online. Like it's not a difficult thing.

But then if you know someone there, you can get on the VIP list. And even if you are on that VIP list, you're not like, I don't think the list exists. I don't think it does.

Like, I'm not convinced. I am not convinced. But you were on one very important VIP list that we benefited from greatly.

Yeah. And it stemmed from where we met, the Spotify Advance event in New York. That was my first time working with Spotify.

They invited me out to that event to cover their new ad news, the different formats and stuff that they were introducing for businesses. And because of that relationship that I formed at them there, I told them that I was coming to Cannes and they were like, great, we'll put you on the list for Spotify Beach. And they were gracious enough to send us into the VIP space of Spotify Beach.

Highlights for sure. So even just daytime Spotify Beach was amazing. Yeah.

It was great vibes in there. It felt cooler because it was right by the water and it was shaded. It had some coverage, which was great.

They were serving food like sushi and poke bowls. It was incredible. They had fresh juices.

They had ice cream, drinks. I mean, everything you could ask for there. And you could just chill.

For free. I think it's also important to note that like, once you actually get into those places, everything is free. That's true.

All the drinks, all the whatever. So like, that can somehow be worth it for people. But I think by your fourth day, you're like, I don't care.

No, absolutely. I did. One of my goals that I didn't mention was to try to not pay for much food.

And I feel like I mostly did that. I had a dinner that got canceled. So that didn't really help.

But overall, I was able to get by with food from the beaches and the setups and stuff. But yeah, Spotify is food was by far the best. Yeah.

And then on Tuesday and Wednesday night, they had concerts on Spotify Beach. And we decided to go to the Wednesday night one with Lola Young, Mark Ronson and Cardi V. Which was so exciting.

Yeah. I have heard so many things about Spotify's concerts here. It's like the event that people try to get into and can never get into.

It's very exclusive. It's the lines are insanely long. Yeah.

And people that don't get in will hang out in chairs outside of the beach to try to get a view of the concert. Like that tells you how big it is. And they will like get those chairs like hours before the event.

Yeah. Like it's it's a big deal. It's wild.

Yeah. The Spotify team was so nice and gave us both VIP access. Yeah.

So we got to go into just kind of a separate area. Essentially, it was all the same drink, same food. But we didn't have to be sandwiched between hundreds of other people trying to watch the concert.

And for our introvert souls, we were so brave. That was amazing. Especially with the heat too, because that just makes it so much worse.

But we were mingling with influencers, like really big influencers and- Yeah. Legit celebrities. Celebrities in there.

It was we were just whipping our heads back and forth looking at all the people that we recognize. Yeah. It was so weird to be in that space with them.

Literally, I feel like every 30 seconds, we would be like, oh my God, there's- So wait, who did we see there? I have to get my list out. Right.

Yes. Get your list out. I know we saw David Dobrik.

Blomf, blomf. I have seen him before at- randomly at the pier in Santa Monica. Yeah.

Yeah. So I was like, yeah, just David Dobrik, who cares? Yeah.

At Spotify Beach, we saw Harry Jowsey. Oh my God, yeah. Also, he let me pass him because he's very tall.

He did. So we could stand in front of him. That's true.

He was- he redeemed himself. Just- Rare, rare gentleman Harry Jowsey. Yes!

Bo and Yang and Matt Rogers, Las Culturalistas, are there. Yes, yes. I also saw them at another Spotify event on Monday night, and I was so excited to see them.

Amelia de Moldenburg, Chicken Shop Date host. I also did a YouTube creator event with her the day before, where I also got to see her and meet her. So nice.

So sweet. And she did an official talk at the Cannes, like the official Cannes Festival. She was booked and busy.

She was. She is doing great. We saw Scott Galloway, random like industry celebrity.

He stood behind us for like 25 minutes, and yeah. That was a good one. I feel like that's a very like niche celebrity for us.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alana Mar was there, who I love. She's a really big rugby player for the US.

Awesome content creator, hilarious person. I love her. She was on Dancing with the Stars for a little bit.

Keith Lee. Oh, yeah. Keith Lee.

He's just one of the best food creators on TikTok. Absolutely huge. I think he also had an official Cannes talk.

Oh, okay. Yeah. Shea Mitchell from Pretty Little Liars.

Yeah, yeah. And now the owner of Bass. Jake Shane.

Oh, yeah. We saw Jake Shane a couple times. Yeah, we saw him.

Like, we also walked in with him to Spotify Beach. That's right. And like, there was like a brief moment where he was like, oh, are we all together?

We hugged him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We gave Jake Shane a hug, I think because...

Wait, did we? Yes. Oh, did I black out?

Yes, we like introduced ourselves. I think he thought we were like part of the same little tour group, but yeah. We were immediately abandoned.

It's okay. We had our moment where we're okay. Jess and Robin from Peloton.

Oh, Jess. Robin. They looked so good, so cute.

They were amazing. Yeah. So we saw this group of like Gen Z boys who we, you know, you can just tell that they're influencers by the way that they look.

Oh, God. And we were like, who are they? They've got to just be those classic, just, you know, cute teen boy sort of influencer.

Yeah. I looked up one of them because I was curious. His name's Josh Richards.

He's got millions of followers. I've definitely seen him before. I was just like, there were so many people that you recognize, but you cannot fleece them or figure out what their name is or how you know them.

So many of those. And I, I'm like, I have a personal problem too, where sometimes if I recognize someone, I don't know why I do this, but like, I will literally go up and say hi to them. Like I did this to DJ X actually.

Yes. Yes. Because what I, no, it was good.

It felt, it felt very natural. It was good. But it was like, you get one drink in me and if I see someone I know, I'm like, oh my God, Hey.

Yes. And I did it to DJ X and he was so sweet. And like, honestly, he stayed way past the requirement.

He did. He like, we talked to him for five minutes. Yeah.

Like such a nice man. He was so nice. I never felt like we were like taking up his time or like he was trying to leave.

Like I was actually trying to leave because I felt like, oh, I don't want to take up his time. I was trying to leave. But he just kept talking and I loved it.

It was so great. Heather Gay from the Salt Lake City Housewives was there. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, I, Justine. I had an embarrassing moment with her. I don't think it was as embarrassing as you said.

It's because I was going to say, hi, I'm Dara. But then I accidentally said, hi, I, Justine. But I thought I was introducing myself.

I just like, I, I, that was at the end of the night. And I was, she was so nice. So sweet.

Yes. Because I watched her back in college. Like when I first started watching YouTubers, she was one of the ones that I watched.

So it was cool to have like a millennial influencer there instead of just all the Gen Z people, which are fine. And then randomly outside of Spotify, yesterday I was in the lobby of the Carleton Hotel, which is where TikTok is. That's a good one.

Yeah. Timbaland was walking through the lobby in sweatpants and socks and slides, just like shuffling from the elevator to the reception desk. I saw him twice and I was just like, I literally did a double take because I'm just walking through this very busy lobby and Timbaland is just there.

Do you want to know who I saw at the Carleton Hotel? Serena Williams. Oh my gosh.

She literally was this close to my face. That's the place to be. No, it's, it's the best place for the celeb sightings.

And also it's like, you're, you're air conditioned, you're calm, you're relaxed. It's chaos. But she walked right by me and I was with someone else and I was like, that's Serena Williams.

That's amazing. And she, she totally missed her because they, whoop. Oh, that was a good one.

I love that. Also, um, Anthony from Queer Eye. I saw him.

Oh yes. Anthony, I love him so much. There we go.

Yeah. Yeah. I saw him at the first Spotify thing I went to on Monday.

Yeah. Actually the next day I just saw him like walking down the closet and I was like, wow. Really?

Uh, we also saw Anna Sattar, who's another big influencer who I've followed before. And then just walking down the sidewalk on the first day, I saw Jason Kelsey. Oh, that sounds such a good one.

He was in like a floral two piece button up shirt and shorts. Yeah. Just walking by himself in the south of France.

Jason Kelsey. I would love to see Travis Kelsey. I think he was here.

I heard, um, Brad Pitt was here. Brad Pitt? Why?

Oh, for the F1 movie. Yeah, for the F1. And then the other person I would have loved to have seen was Patrick Schwarzenegger.

Apparently they did like a really fun interview with him and they served pina coladas. So. Amazing.

Yeah. I love that. I wonder if everyone was like, should we drink this?

Yeah, yeah. I would be like, no, thank you. Dang.

Yeah. I mean, there's celebrities abound here. Yeah.

And influencers. Like I kind of feel like, like I said, everywhere that I went, I was like, wait, how do I, how do I know you? Well, and for context of why there are so many creators at an advertising festival, Cannes is really trying to push creators.

Last year they introduced the Creator Pass, which is what Dara and I both had, which is a cheaper version of the main festival pass because they know that most creators and influencers can't really flush out five, $5,000 for a festival pass. Good God. And then this year they continued the Creator Pass and they doubled the amount they were giving out.

They were giving out. So they are really trying to go hard on creators. I think they really want to make this the place to be for creators.

Like, you know, otherwise it's really just VidCon. So I think they're trying to make this more of a destination for creators. And then all the platforms that have their own things going on, they all bring some influencers and creators with them.

Yeah. So they will sponsor a couple people and have them do talks or panels or whatever. So that's how a lot of them got over here.

Yeah. I know there were a lot of creators who paid their own way just like us too. Yeah.

Yeah. Paid their own way and came so well. So I think people are just kind of feeling it out, seeing like, is this a place for us or not?

We'll see how it goes. I think the difficulties with the internet and making content here is definitely an issue for them. Yeah.

So we'll see. In two, it's like, I don't know, like you could tell there was a really big divide between like the advertising people and creator people. Even though this is, for all intents and purposes, it is like a networking event, essentially.

I didn't see like a ton of like intermingling between like advertising people and like creators, like unless you were at the platforms, maybe there was a little bit, but. Well, and I'll be honest, from my experience in the industry, most advertising folks don't know influencers. Yeah.

They're not on the platforms. They don't, like I, I remember the first time I saw David Dobrik was years ago. I was on a shoot in LA and this was like when he was still super big, hadn't been, you know, all those accusations and stuff hadn't come out yet.

Yeah. And I saw him and I knew who he was. So when I went back to my agency people, I was like, I just saw David Dobrik and they're like, who's that?

And I explained who it was and they're like, okay. And that's still kind of the vibe now. I think people understand the value of influencers and creators now, but they still just don't know who they are.

The number of people in the industry who don't know who Alex Earl is. Crazy. It's wild.

Yeah. And Kai Sanat was here. And from what I heard, his talk was not full.

Like you would expect the biggest streamer to have a huge crowd, but this industry, it's just kind of out of touch. And that's partially why I do what I do to try to keep people in the know and understand what's going on in culture. But yeah, there is definitely a strong divide and they're going to have to figure that out if they want creators to keep coming back.

Yeah. I think too, it's like VidCon starts today. Yes.

The overlap. So there's an overlap. And when I told people, oh, I'm going to the Cannes, they're like, oh, so you're not going to VidCon.

And I was, and it's like, okay, if Cannes wants to be a destination for creators, which I just have a question mark about in general for several reasons. But one of which is like, it's really hard for people. Like, do people have to decide?

Like, can't they spread them out a little bit? Well, and there was, I think it was last year, VidCon and Cannes decided together to schedule a part so that there wasn't an overlap because that was an issue for a lot of people, especially in the industry. And with them introducing the creator pass, I think they were more cognizant of that.

Yeah. But then I guess that just went away this year. Yeah.

They were like, no thanks. So I don't, yeah, that's definitely an odd decision. I don't know if they're going to maybe come to some agreement in the future to figure that out.

But I think that's the way they're going to have to if they want to keep going with creators. Yeah. Do you think if you decide to come again, like the situation's different, like maybe you have a few talks that you're going to do.

Do you think you'll try to get the press pass again? Because I think, what I think is interesting about your situation actually is I think that the biggest splash you made for Cannes line was actually that post. It was.

Explain the post. Yeah. So since I cover advertising news, I thought, you know, I can't afford the regular pass.

Let me see if I can qualify as a press for Cannes because they get a free pass. And I looked through their guidelines. And when I first read them, I was like, oh, no, no, no, this isn't for me.

Like, I'm not going to qualify. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then I read into some of the details and the documents that they have in their guidelines.

And there was a section called sole practitioners. And it mentioned having a social media channel. And so I was like, oh, that's me.

That's where I fit into this. So maybe I can qualify as press. So I did the whole application.

You have to fill out this form. You have to give them examples of what you do, what you have to outline your entire plan for content. I put a lot into this submission and I feel like it was very strong.

And I'm like the go to news source for advertising people on social media. You also have a series that is dedicated to news. Yes.

I do weekly advertising roundups every Monday where I tell people the stuff that I feel like is worth knowing that happened in the ad industry. So and some people have told me that that's how they get all their news. That's how I get many news, especially because like you and I are slightly different versions of advertising.

In performance marketing, you're more like traditional advertising. Yeah, it's been a helpful resource. And people have said that they get their news from that instead of reading the traditional publication.

So I thought, you know, let me just try. I know it's kind of a long shot, but I'm going to apply and see what happens. And a couple of days after I submitted, they rejected me.

And I sent an email back just curious because they had told me in my rejection email that I should apply for the creator pass. And I was like, OK, I will. But I'm not really there to learn about the creator economy.

I'm there to cover the ad news. So I wanted I just pushed back a little bit and I said, can you explain, you know, why I was rejected? And they told me that I wasn't legitimate media and that my content didn't fit the editorial nature that they were looking for.

And reading that just really pushed my buttons. And I am someone who always expresses my honest opinions. And I'm very transparent about what's going on in the industry.

People knew that I had applied for a press pass and were asking what was happening. So I posted about it on LinkedIn, expressing my frustration. Obviously, I was disappointed that I didn't get the pass, but I was more so frustrated with this is the most prestigious award show in advertising.

We're supposed to be championing creativity and innovation. And I felt like they were holding on to this old fashioned definition of media. Yeah.

And at the same time, they're going so hard on creators that I was like, how are you guys not connecting the dots? Like, I am a creator for your own industry. Yeah.

This is where I fit. And so I was just upset and I posted about it. And that post blew up.

Yeah. And because of that post, that's how I got the panel moderation and the invites to all the things. And I did some collabs with people and like it all kind of stemmed from that post.

Yeah. And I did end up having a conversation with the CAN team after to talk more about the rejection. And they said that the main reason why I was rejected is because they're very protective of embargoed information.

And embargoes, basically for journalists, they get information before it's allowed to be public. And an embargo tells you, do not post this publicly until this date and time. And so I think for them, they assume that creators, A, don't need embargoed information to do their content and B, can't really fully be trusted with that information like they can trust a traditional publication.

And I think there's issues with both of that. I personally get embargoed information all the time in my email. I got embargoed information.

Yes. So when I attended the press event with Meta on Monday, there was 11 pieces of embargoed information. And we actually had a long embargo.

Yeah. It was like 24 plus hours. Because they want to, they give it to you ahead of time so that you can plan what you're going to say, what you're going to write in your article if you're doing an article.

And I just think it's weird that they assume that people who are doing video don't also need some time. I think it's because they look at creators as people who react. They aren't like the source.

Right. Which I think is ironic because you were actually a source in a lot of the awards. Yes.

Yes. I was featured in multiple case study videos for awards, which was exciting. And yeah, and I want to be a source.

Yeah. And it's like, I can't do that unless I start getting access to things. And some agencies and PR companies and stuff have been great about giving me access.

But it's just been such a push to get more of that access that some of the traditional publications have. So I think it ended up working out because I got a brand partner to get me a pass for the festival. So I was able to access everything, which was amazing.

And at the same time, because I didn't have a press pass, I didn't feel like I had to be nice. Yeah. Like, I feel comfortable sharing my criticisms of the festival because I am not, because they didn't, you know, do me a favor by giving me a pass.

Yeah, yeah. So I think it worked out the way it should have. I maybe would go for a press pass in the future, but I only want them to accept it if they truly feel like I belong there.

Yeah. I don't want it to be a pity pass. I don't want it to be like, you know, oh, we're trying to butter up to creators.

We don't want her to make another LinkedIn post. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, exactly. No, I definitely caused some issues there. But I don't know.

I may try again, but I feel like I would be happy just with any pass. I just want to get down there and see the work and go to the award shows. And that's why I want access to the festival.

And you are like the one person I know who actually did that. I don't know a single other person who went to the award shows, myself included. Sorry.

No, it's true. Like I said in the beginning, like it is an award show, but people don't really pay much attention to it. I think the large majority that do are the people who have submitted for awards.

And it's very exciting. And like it's, that's why I wanted to be here and see the work is because it's energizing as someone who is doing this every day. I think advertising can feel exhausting sometimes.

Especially agency side. And you and I were both agency side for a while. Yes, absolutely.

And especially in a place like this where there's a lot of money flying around, a lot of networking and schmoozing, and it just feels kind of gross sometimes. Yeah. So to get in there and just wander around, seeing all the work displayed, looking at work from other countries that I never get to see, that was refreshing for me as a creative.

So I really appreciate having that access to the festival. Yeah. No.

And it's like, for me, I know me being here is like a little bit of a stretch. Like I'm a creator and I met a lot of, I met a lot of great creators this round and I'm really glad that I came. But the performance marketing and direct to consumer has zero footprint here.

Which is weird, honestly, because with all the tech companies and platforms that are here, you would think that there would be more of a focus on that. And there just really isn't. Yeah.

I feel like that's kind of a gap in the programming. Yeah. And what I'll say too is like, I was at Meta Beach for a day where I did an interview with Nicola Henderson, who is a top exec at Meta, really great woman.

And there were a few talks on partnership ads on a little bit about the new AI features that are coming down the platform, but there wasn't a focus on media buying or performance marketing in like a bigger sense. And correct me if I'm wrong, I don't think there were any awards specifically for performance creatives. Not that I can think of.

I know they have some B2B categories. They have direct. Yeah.

I mean, now I kind of want to go explore the basement again and see if there are any specific performance, but off the top of my head, I don't think so. Yeah. Which I think could like, is something that's missing, you know?

And I think like from a top level could help like blend or marry the performance. Mm-hmm. And branding industries yet again.

Okay. Some rapid fire questions and then I will have you on your way because I know you are. I'm going to go back down to the festival.

I am going to Paris. Off the top of your head, what was your favorite activation? Spotify.

Yeah, Spotify. Spotify Beach. I mean, I didn't make it to a ton of the branded beaches and stuff I was at a couple for like a few minutes, but Spotify was the only one that I felt like I wanted to stay there for a few minutes.

Yeah. Mine actually, I loved the FQ lounge, the female quotient lounge. I saw a talk with Katie Welsh, CMO of Rare Beauty.

That was excellent, excellent, excellent. I also got like a Ferragamo hat, like great swag at this place. And also that was more of like a lounge.

It's like they bought out a few rooms of a hotel and that felt a little bit more relaxed. And it was 99% women. Right.

So I liked that one. I didn't make it to that one because it was all the way on the side of the main area. It was in Hotel 19.

Yeah. So I didn't want to walk that far in the heat. Yeah.

Incredibly fair. Incredibly fair. What do you think was your favorite personal moment here?

I mean, I did really enjoy meeting people. That happened multiple times throughout the week and I love that. But like one individual moment was being part of the case study film for a Grand Prix winner.

So if I can go. Because at the award show they play, they announce who's winning and then they play the case study film on the big screen for the entire auditorium. And Grand Prix is like the big award for the category.

And I was part of the case study film for this winner. It was Ziploc. So it was really cool.

I've never worked at a place that even submits things to Cannes. Yeah. So it was cool to be on that stage even in just a tiny, tiny little capacity.

Yes. Oh my God. So cool.

That was a really cool moment. Other question. Favorite celebrity moment.

I think seeing Charlie Puth perform at the piano. Oh, I didn't go to that one. But yeah, that's a good one.

It was like a little exclusive Spotify soiree thing at a beautiful villa in the hills. And he performed a couple songs. It was just four songs honestly.

It wasn't that much. But he was at the piano. It was super chill.

And I love Charlie Puth. And I was right next to the stage. And it was just a cool, bougie feeling moment.

So yeah. Yeah. Cool.

Well, that's it. Thank you so much for debriefing with me our first Cannes Lions trip. Will it be the last?

Unless a brand pays for me, it might be. We are ready. Hey brands, take us to Cannes next year.

Exactly. Put us in a hotel up in the main area, please. Put us in a hotel.

We will, we will do a talk. She'll moderate again. She did an A plus job.

I will be on a panel. I will be slightly less impressive. No, you'll be amazing.

Are you kidding? Are you kidding? gamesランド 2 1 4 5