I've just never seen this ad format work. Everyone seems to love it on Twitter. I've tested it out across hundreds of brands, but candidly, I think it's a scam.

Obviously, I'm just kidding. I'm actually working with a brand right now that tested out this ad creative format last week, and it was a top performer. But these next five formats are things that I've tested out several times that I honestly just could never get to work.

But I think this is a really important exercise because as a creative strategist or a media buyer, there are literally thousands of ad creative concepts that you could possibly test on in a given week or a day or a month, and it is your job to prioritize what you are actually going to make next. I know sometimes we all get attracted to the new shiny ad creative formats, but honestly, if any of these are on your current creative roadmap, I'd probably take them off of it. Ah, yes, the first one is the Call UX ad.

Fun fact, I actually tested this out with a brand recently, and it was such a colossal failure. It had a click-through rate of 0.2, and I like very, very little purchase data. It was very bad.

Now, honestly, it's fun because every time I see this ad out in the wild, it always makes me stop, right? Because again, it's like triggering something in my brain that's like, oh, phone call. It's like that dopamine hit, but it just doesn't actually convert.

I've seen this too with a few other types of UX native style ads, like the airdrop ad or the notifications ad, but it just doesn't tend to work. I think it does a great job at stopping the scroll, but it might just be good at stopping everyone, but not the right people. I don't know.

Let me know in the comments if this one's ever worked for you. In fact, if any of these have worked for you, let me know because I'm just not convinced. Okay, number two is a Post-it note ad, but it's a very specific type of Post-it note ad.

It's the Post-it note ad where you have at least three different types of Post-it notes. These tend to have different value props that are X'd out or checked mark. I don't know what it is, but anytime that I have lined up these Post-it notes in such a way, I've never gotten it to work.

The type of Post-it note creative that I've seen work is when you're using a single Post-it note or you have two, but there's quite a bit more text on either one. I'll make sure to show a good example here. Or you're using Post-it notes more as captions in a video ad creative.

But yeah, this one and this one are ones that I've just never really seen work. Okay, number three is the notes app ad. This is one that every time I see on Foreplay, I'm like, oh, how long has this been running?

Has it been running for more than 20 days? Because typically no. And when I've tested this one myself, sometimes I've seen it perform for a few days and then it just falls off a cliff.

This is an ad creative that really doesn't have that much sticking power. But I think again, as advertisers, we're really attracted to this UX style. Now, what I will say is in my personal content, and also I've seen this in a few ads, if you use a notes app with a green screen and someone talking over it, that's something I've seen to be more successful.

But just a plain notes app, like this Curology one, I just don't think it's attracting the right people. Number three is another one that I've never seen really work by itself, which is any type of stop motion or shorter GIF. Now, really specifically, I have seen sometimes these stop motion ones work when in conjunction of a bigger video.

Now, while these ads do have sort of that oddly satisfying, fun, eye candy feeling for us to watch, I think it's again, not really giving the signals to your customers or to the right buyers. Again, one of the big emphasis I've had when working with brands, trying to get more traction on paid social, you really do have to lean more into that problem solution aspect or leaning more into some of your core human desires. And I find that these types of really fun and also production complicated GIF stop motion style videos, they're a pain in the ass to execute on and they also just don't work.

So it's a really good one to just skip. And number five is the highly animated explainer videos. I've even seen more of the animations at the beginning of the hooks not perform as well.

I was actually having a conversation recently with a founder who came to me and was like, oh, we want to do an animation style explainer video. And I was like, do not waste your money on that. You actually have a beautiful product that you should focus on getting more shots and UGC for instead of going the animated explainer round.

Now, candidly, this is not something that I have seen work in recent memory. So literal years, because I've been advertising on Facebook ads for so long. Now, I think part of the reason for this, and this is my own subjective opinion.

Anytime I see a highly animated explainer, it actually reminds me of pharmaceutical ads from the 90s and early 2000s. You know the ones that I'm talking about. Plavix in combination with aspirin and other heart medicines helps provide greater protection against heart attack and stroke.

And I think that that really just does not translate at all to the paid social experience. In fact, anytime I see any type of animation on TikTok or on Instagram, I'm immediately turned off for whatever reason. I'm curious if you guys have a similar experience.

Again, let me know in the comments below. And also be sure to let me know if there are any types of ad formats that you just can't seem to get to work much like myself. We're all in this together.

And hopefully some people can also look at the things that you guys are putting in the comments so that they can avoid having that on their creative reports. All right, that's all. I'll see you guys next week.

Bye.