What's up marketers? I'm really excited about today's episode because today I am joined by the VP of growth at Thesis, Barry Haught, aka my boss. Now this is going to be a two-part episode all about the aftermath of iOS 14, which rolled out in full about three weeks ago on April 26th.

Now, I know that's not really a long amount of time, but quite a bit has changed since then. So Barry and I are going to discuss what this change actually looks like for our clients right now at Thesis. And we're going to be answering your questions that you asked us on Twitter and on this channel.

Like I said, this is going to be a two-parter, so you should be seeing part two in a few days. So let's go ahead and get into it. Hey, I'm Barry.

I'm the VP of growth at Thesis. I've been with Thesis two years, maybe a little bit more. And my background is extensively in paid social ads.

That's also like my biggest passion and hobby. I've been doing ads on Facebook since back in 2008, back when they were on right-hand side only. I appreciate your reaction, your reaction shot to that, even though you've heard me say that like 30 times.

You know, in that time, I've spent hundreds of millions of dollars for brands like AT&T, Toyota, Kraft, Microsoft. And since I left that kind of bigger brand world a few years ago, I've been primarily focused on for the last four years of my career on direct-to-consumer aggressive growth advertising, as well as paying, you know, working on CRO and creative. So I want to ask you some of the most common questions that people have been asking us on Twitter and also asking on the channel.

And I think, you know, what I want to accomplish is like pull back the curtain a little bit from what we're seeing at Thesis and how we can help other media buyers. So the first one I want to ask is something that I've actually heard from a lot of our clients is, should I shift my spend to Android? Or should we segment spend between Android and iOS devices?

No, simply no. That's the answer. You shouldn't.

What you should do is instead monitor what Facebook does automatically with your ads, you should be able to still see a breakdown and you still can see breakdowns of that delivery. So you can see where the spend is going. You can't see the actual conversions on those individual devices, but those device types, you can see how much spend is going there.

So you can look at like what that was in March versus what that is in May and have an idea of like, okay, we're, you know, this allocation has already shifted by Facebook, but I would trust Facebook to be handling for that. And I'll be interested to see if it does shift towards Android due to how your attribution settings are set up. But I am not expecting it to shift significantly.

And I know that like Facebook still needs to deliver ads on those placements and on those devices. So yeah, this is what, like, I know a few of the other growth managers and us have like talked about, it's like not a high fidelity test. Like we don't have high confidence that doing something like this is going to fundamentally change your results on the platform because everything up until this point that we know about the Facebook ads algorithm, if you're optimizing for purchase using a conversion campaign, Facebook's algorithm knows better than you, which devices to put that spend towards.

And this would be a huge deviation from that. And I don't think that this change is necessarily going to mean that we're going to have to start splitting that out. That was my original fear, actually.

Like one of my few fears with this change is that we were going to have to revert to Michigan methoding it. So like segmenting things out by gender, by age, by location. Like I hated that stuff.

Yeah. And I, so far have not seen any indication that that is something that we're going to have to do again, but it is still early days with iOS 14. So.

Well, it, it is interesting hearing you say that because there are some things I've had to like make decisions about and thinking about in terms of the age and gender in some of our ads where we can't see the conversion breakdown anymore. So I've either had to like revert back to old data where we do have it, or I've had to make kind of a gut decision. So there might be instances where I might need to, or want to break, break out my age, you know, maybe just in half, I'm not going to break out every demo because that's not important, but maybe do, you know, you know, old, you know, medium, young, whatever.

Yeah. Just to see if, if some things make sense or not, like as, as we go, that that might be something worthwhile. But again, like to your point about not being a high fidelity test, not only is it not a high fidelity test, like you know, you have to understand that anytime you cut something out of your ability to target, you're saying to Facebook, like, I want to target this smaller inventory.

So like, and pretty much every time you have, you go after a smaller inventory, you're going to have higher costs naturally. That's the beauty of automatic placements is that Facebook automatically delivers where it can get you the most effective delivery, whether it be through the best conversion rate or through the cheapest impressions or, you know, the least competition, whatever it is, that's what the beauty of automatic placements is. And the more you chop that up manually, the more inefficient you're likely to be.

Exactly. And then that just like causes your CPMs to go up too. And it's just, yeah, it causes everything to go up.

It's a bit of a mess. But yeah, I think that this will be something we'll eventually test, but it's not something that I'm like gunning to test right out of the gate. I'm going to wait until I hear that more people are actually getting the ATT prompt because from what we've heard, not very many people have gotten it yet.

So even doing a test like that in the beginning, which seems like, oh, you know, you're, you're really like being proactive about it. It's like, we don't actually have the proper sample size yet. So it would be a futile effort.

So yeah, that's the big thing is the, I don't think we're near the full scale yet. So there's still there's maybe when it is fully rolled out, that might be a bigger problem then. Yeah.

So another question that I got was about audiences. So, you know, our lookalike audiences going to be less effective and should I test more interest audiences? Are lookalike audiences less effective?

Maybe, but like, I would say tangibly no. Right. Just, just in terms of there's still tons of conversions getting in there from almost anything that you're advertising.

You're still getting a huge amount of conversions for your, for the, for Facebook to be able to build lookalikes successfully. So that's not something I'm going to lose sleep over. I wouldn't recommend anyone lose sleep over that.

We're really focused on that too much. And with the direction things have been going with all of this, you shouldn't be focusing that much on lookalikes anyway. Get, get lookalikes in there, whatever you think is good.

You know, it's easy for me to say, cause I've been doing this a long time, but like, I don't know, purchases typically of any type, that's what I want to do. Lookalikes. So if you want to do lookalikes of other events too, great, go for it.

If you want to do lookalikes of on Facebook activities, great, go for it. I'd throw those all together, optimize to it, check that box for lookalike audience expansion. You know, same thing goes with interests.

Even more interesting, interesting about interest is that, you know, the same thing is happening with there. Facebook wants you to be using broad. They've had the audience expansion, you know, click check the checkbox for a while.

Detailed interest expansion. Yeah. Detailed audience expansion.

Thank you. But they actually have had that available, but we've seen in some accounts, it rolling out where it's actually, it doesn't even, it's not available. And what it actually says is that your interests, whatever you're targeting is being used as a guide.

It's going to go after all of the users that it wants, but it's going to use that as like a guide of where to start rather than like only targeting these people. So it's effectively removing that button and you're only going to be able to target broadly, not hyper, hyper tiny rigidly anymore, which to be very honest is really great for everyone. We agree.

Yeah. And, and that's, that's how we've been, we've been looking at targeting for a while now is really, you know, focusing on like broad and, you know, and just so that Facebook can optimize, but that concept of like, okay, we want to be broad. We want Facebook to use its machine learning, but we as human marketers with brains and experience, we might know something might work well to start and like, give that, give that a bias.

Let's, let's say like, let's go from here, Facebook. So that's, that's what I'm interested to see. And, you know, maybe there are some smaller brands that have smaller audiences that I'm not thinking of, but I really do think a lot of these both between lookalikes, you'll be fine between the interests you want to use.

You'll be fine. I don't think you're going to lose a lot there. The, the stuff that you want to be concerned about and thinking about is your exclusions, you know, your, your custom audience exclusions.

If you're using a purchase event to exclude purchasers, well, first of all, if you're not using a purchase event to exclude purchasers, past purchasers, I, you know, I question what you're doing in the, mostly in the first place, unless you're intentionally going after your customers. I would always recommend that. And what I'm, I want to clarify something you said there, like what he's saying is that if you're only using a pixel purchase audience to it, like exclude from, so if you're excluding purchasers and you're only using that pixel based audience, you're definitely missing people.

And what's going to be a big concern with iOS 14 is those, that audience is going to be a lot less reliable. So you want to, what I'm actually saying, I'm saying like, there are people that aren't even excluding purchasers. That's what I'm saying.

Okay. Got it. Yeah.

Fair. There's some people that aren't even doing that baseline, but yeah, in addition to that pixel, you would also want to be using some sort of CRM list or, you know, whatever you can do to get your, convert your actual customer data back into Facebook to use as a list to exclude and to build lookalikes from that's what you really need. That's, that's just in addition to being able to do it from the pixel.

That's, that's the high value stuff that you like should have been doing already. No offense if you weren't, but like, you should definitely be doing that now. So you're, you can avoid sending ads to existing customers that opted out.

That's not a good experience. Because one of the things that you and I talked about earlier, which I thought was interesting was like, when you're using that tactic, going back to broad targeting, but like broad targeting was starting with interests where it like goes from there. Or even just broad targeting in general.

One of the things I like to do, I like to play with is think about who is a customer that would never buy my product. Like really, really never buy it. Like I've seen people do that with age, sometimes too rigidly.

They're like, well, someone's 65 and up. They're never going to buy my product. I'm like, someone who like, my parents are not, or my parents are older than 65 and they buy stuff on the internet.

They're, I would, you know, Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. I tend to not like be so strict with my ages, even if like, I'm, I know my core audience is between the ages of 24 to 45. It will also, it'll like bump up your CPMs a bit.

And I think that overall, like, even though fundamentally, you know, your customer, like Facebook knows Facebook the best. Correct. And they know who's going to convert.

So exactly. But so in aside from that, like, again, people, that's sometimes people being too limiting with age, I'm saying, think about who are, who are those people that will never buy your product. If you're selling beef jerky, you can almost a hundred percent safely exclude vegan interests.

Like that, if that is a risk I would be willing to take is, is adding that interest as an exclusion. Uh, a hundred percent. I would be comfortable doing that.

I absolutely acknowledge that there are people that are in the vegan interest bucket in Facebook because they're super broad. I'm sure there are people that fall into that bucket that also would buy jerky either for themselves or for someone else, but I'm okay with losing that a little bit just because I, I know fundamentally those people won't ever convert. Now, maybe that isn't necessary.

Maybe Facebook's machine learning will figure that out pretty quickly, but you know, there are things like that that you can play with. I wouldn't waste. I would not burn hours playing with this, thinking about this, but like if there's something simple, logical like that, yeah, go, go, go play with it for five minutes and then see, see what happens in a few days.

I think a good way to think of that too, is like, think about the kind of people that are potentially going to vandalize your ads. I've also, I've also used this strategy, like working for different political campaigns and we would very deliberately exclude people who were on the opposing like political spectrum. So we would like either exclude or target for Is that allowed now?

Would Facebook allow that? Well, using publications, like using publications. So if we like say that, like we were running for, like we were running ads for someone who was more Democrat or like left wing, left wing, then we would be sure to exclude from like Fox News and like certain right wing media.

Sure. And that was, I mean, I fundamentally love the concept of that targeting. And I've always thought so much about that.

What I've seen recently in regards to interest targeting and lookalikes is, and this is completely subjective. This is not like an objective statement. This is just like what I've seen over the last few weeks at thesis is, you know, I have seen a small lift from using certain interest targeting.

And this is by like using the stacked interest approach. We're not just doing single interest. We're looking at interests that have worked already.

It's stacking them together into one ad set. And I, I have seen a small lift from utilizing those and our, um, and our, with our clients that are at scale. But I do find that it's not, um, it's not a great scale point and they do tend to fizzle out a little bit.

So I don't see this as like, um, a huge unlock for our accounts, but it's tends to be, we get efficiency for a short amount of time. It dies out. We're going back to broad and, you know, but that's just kind of the name of the game at this point when you're at scale.

And then as for lookalikes, I I'm seeing a similar thing, you know, we're being able to get a little bit of efficiency out of them for a few weeks and then, um, they're not really able to maintain that same level, um, past like two or three weeks. So again, like we're still leaning heavily on broad audiences. And of course, testing as much creative as we can in allowing the creative to be more of the, um, allowing creative to do the heavy lifting for the targeting.

Yeah. Well said. And I was about to just jump in and say like, we've been disproportionately talking about targeting so much here compared to like how much, you know, it actually impacts like the massive impact of anything you're going to do on Facebook is target, you know, something normal-ish, nothing crazy and focus on creative.

That's, that's really all like, that's all that matters. Keep playing with creative. If you're like, all right, I've got this great ad, let me just target it to the figure out how to target to the right people and bid correctly.

Like, nah, like, no, that's not it. Uh, you need to just keep iterating on creative. And that's, that's what, you know, you and I spend the most time talking about what we spend talking to our teams about is almost always creative and then just making sure the targeting isn't bad.

Yeah. Yeah. You know, making sure we're, we're targeting enough people is really the conversation.

So again, we've disproportionately covered, uh, targeting here rather than creative, but this isn't really a call about creative, I suppose. So. Yeah, exactly.

And I think too, it's like we, at thesis as like our part of our thesis strategy and modern day best practices, it's all about broad and a majority of our conversations, like you said, focus on creative. If we're testing a new audience, for instance, in a campaign or for a client, I would venture to say that we had then tested at least like six to seven different ad variants for that one audience test. If, if that even, which just shows how much time and effort we put into the creative aspect of things.

It's very true for sure. So next question that I've been getting a lot is are bid caps or cost caps still working? Uh, as far as I know, yes.

Um, we, I've definitely seen, like I, I personally, I've never had a good experience with cost caps. Uh, again, if you're like, Whoa, what is this guy talking about? He's been advertising for a long time.

He doesn't use cost caps again, comment below. I'd love to, I'd love to hear from you. Uh, I've both myself and from others not seen it work for scale.

I am certain cost caps are great for if you really, really do not want costs to go over a certain level. I'm sure cost caps are, are great, but to scale, I don't think it's a good tool at all. I would strongly recommend, I would mostly use lowest cost for a lot of things.

Um, if you need a little bit more control, you want to keep things a little safer, definitely go with bid caps. And to that effect, I haven't seen it dramatically stop working as far as I know it's continues to work fine. The data is still coming in.

We might have to bid a little higher. We might see some higher, some slightly higher costs. Um, but yeah, like I think that's, that's, uh, uh, pretty, pretty much business as usual.

Yeah. Yeah. That hasn't changed so much from my perspective either.

And like you said, this is a harder question to ask because they feel like some agencies or some media buyers build a lot of their strategy around using very specific or certain bidding strategies. So like, no matter what, like you and I are going to give a really biased answer. And like, from our perspective and at thesis, we're primarily using lowest costs, especially for creative testing.

And then if we have core campaigns where we want to control the spend a little bit more, we are like using bid caps in some instances. But yeah, and actually you bring up a great point, which I would imagine, uh, anyone who's, who's heavily bid focused, any, any provider who's, you know, has a lot of bid, uh, uh, uh, automation, right. Or optimization, any of those tools are either going to be seeing some, some lag here or needing to account for some more lag here because the data is not going to be coming in as quickly and worse.

You know, if you're making bid optimizations manually or automatically, uh, the conversions are now being reported on the day of the conversion rather than the day of the impression, which is the biggest, I think the biggest change out of all of this for advertisers is that, yeah, conversions now are, are if, if you clicked on an ad yesterday and you convert today, that means in ads manager, it'll show that you converted today. So you can literally have ads that are turned off. If you turned them off yesterday, have ads, have conversions today, even other off, which changes how you look at reporting windows, which changes how you like look at reporting in Facebook, like, uh, the had delivery filter, because you can have had delivery, haven't had an ad set or ad that didn't have delivery today, but had conversions today, especially using the seven day click attribution.

So that's a whole nother can of worms that we maybe need a whole nother, you know, video review, but that's, that's another reason why, like, there's going to be some serious lag if you are trying to like play the increase, decrease bid game. And I'm not a hundred percent sure how Facebook systems are actually going to be able to accommodate that either. Yeah, exactly.

Cause to me too, it just seems like another variable and another hoop that you're making the algorithm jump through in many ways. And just recently we have tested cost caps on a few clients and it did exactly what you said. It choked spend and we didn't get any results.

And for a lot of our clients, we're playing a volume game. So we absolutely cannot have spend be choked because that has major implications on revenue and overall business goals. And the only way that we've found to control costs when we need to is with big caps.

So, but again, by as dancer, and like you said, the bigger implications are that now conversions are delayed or at the time of conversion, which means that we're constantly having to go back and check out ads that we might've turned off or we deemed were not working. So. Yeah, exactly.

Yeah. That's also going to be weird looking back at ads and seeing like suddenly they have better performance now since you turned them off. And yeah, the day after you increase budget, your performance is going to be terrible.

The day after you decrease budget, your performance is going to look really good because you had more delivery yesterday. And now that you, you're going to have more conversions that just have a natural time lag to them. You're going to have more today.

So you're, you're going to see more conversions today and you're going to start this hyperbolic roller coaster where, you know, you see great performance, you crank, you crank spend up, but then performance is terrible. Suddenly you cut it in half, but then you see great performance again. So you're like, what the heck, let me turn this up again.

And you just every day or every other day or every three days, whatever it is, if you're just hyper reactive like that, you're just going to be, you're never going to get off that roller coaster. So you really got to look at longer, some longer, you know, trend lines, some longer windows to better understand what your performance is over time. And going back to the cost cap thing and like restricting spend, right?

Like that's death for some, some clients, some brands to loot, to not have, you know, sales in those days. And even worse is that to get back on track to catch up for that lack of sales for that period, you have to then spend more and more, even more inefficiently to catch up to that amount of sales that you lost that day because cost cap might have restricted your sales too much. So that's a really bad place to be in.

You, you want to be able to try, you know, for, for me, I usually want to try to keep spend and keeps delivery pretty flat over time, unless I know we're going to be doing a promotion or I know there's a specific holiday to cater to, but really the more, the more peaks and valleys that you have, or the more peaks that you have in your spend, or the more you have to spend in a shorter time, the worst your performance is always going to be. You're, you know, nothing scales perfectly on Facebook. That's just not how it works.

I, I'm not sure if I'm going to add this in the video, but I did hear something really interesting today from a Facebook rep about what they are specifically looking at and what they anticipate the biggest degradation and results are going to be from. And I want your opinion on it. So, so yeah, because I thought it directionally, it was a really interesting way to look at our campaigns and to be able to identify like, Oh, is this actually as a result of iOS 14, or is it just like crappy results that we need to change?

So first, the first thing that's going to be like knocked out or first place he suspects that like, we're going to see a deterioration of results is DAR dynamic ads retargeting. Next up is just retargeting. So retargeting as a whole, which I think makes sense because yes, our retargeting pools are going to be reduced.

They're not going to be as accurate. So that's fine. Next up, he said, lookalike audiences, which I think is going to be based on just the fact that since Facebook is now like Facebook is now being forced to change how they optimize and target, they're just not going to be able to match as clearly within lookalike audiences.

And then after that they have Daba or dynamic ads, broad retargeting, because again, they're losing those, yes, broad audiences. They're losing their optimization signals from that. And then the final thing that they think will be impacted, which is going to be not as much as broad audiences.

So, which I think makes sense. So everything. Okay, great.

Well, well, what they were, what he was saying was is like, this is a spectrum and that the thing that he expects to be, to be affected the least is just broad audiences and broad targeting. Yeah. Yeah.

Which was something like that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.

Which was somehow comforting to me because that's how we do a majority of our creative testing. I don't think I was expecting anything different, but it was kind of nice to hear like that confirmation and to like write out that spectrum and see it for myself. And I think that like, those are the things that I'll try to isolate over the coming weeks to see like, oh, like how are those things trending or is it going to be much like, is it much different since this change started?

Yeah. I'll be interested to see the dynamic, the Daba stuff, the dynamic audience, sorry, dynamic advertising, broad audiences. What is it?

Dynamic ads, broad audience. Yeah. I always get it wrong.

Cause we, we use that for, I mean, I've only ever seen that work for one client and we use that for one client. I hope there's someone else out there who's like, I use it all the time. I'd love to know what they're working on.

That typically works well for brands that have many products, a wide variety of products and products that are easily able to be communicated just in a single image basically. But yeah, I'll be interested to see how that, that performance falls off. It does make sense to me with the less events, but I still, it's such a large scale.

I do still hope and expect it to, to be pretty darn good. Yeah. Fingers crossed.

Right. But like I said, this was a spectrum. So it's like the second to last thing.

So, and I guess it makes sense just cause since creative is still going to be, that's like more evidence to me that creative is still going to be our most important lever. And with dynamic ads, you know, like we don't really have too many levers we can pull there creatively. Like we can change the copy or if we want to spend an arm and a leg for a program like Marpipe where we can actually like overlay, like overlay little stickers or testimonials, whatever, then like, yeah, we can do that kind of stuff with dynamic ads, but it's just, yeah, it is.

Yeah. I guess. I mean, I got that.

I, I'm going to do my, my, my bigger bit about, I don't know if I've talked to you about this before. I've been looking at Facebook ads for a long time as TV. We need to be making ads for tons of people.

You can't make ads that are just for small audiences. It doesn't scale. You need to make audiences that are, that can get the most amount of people to pay attention, the most amount of people to convert.

You should be thinking about not creating a TV ad and that it's a hundred percent polished and button up and widescreen. None of those things, but for TV in that, you know, you need to make it compelling for large swaths of people that are very generic. Like, you know, look at demographics at the level of like, you know, people that watch comedy central, like that's so many people, people that watch, you know, all these, like really broad, you can't be like, Oh, it's this person who, you know, buys this exact brand of product.

You can't, you can't really do that anymore. And you shouldn't have been anyway. Like you shouldn't, that, that died four years ago, maybe five years ago.

And you know, so you should really be thinking about how to make the broadest ad targeting with, with, with your creative, right. But leave and don't even target with your creative, make your, make your targeting with your creative broad, make it as palatable as you can for the most possible people, make it relevant as you can for the most possible people and attractive. So like, yeah, that's, that's really, like you said, the trick here is like focus less on audiences.

This has been coming for a long time from Facebook. The writing's been on the wall ever since they added that checkbox for like bra, uh, for a detailed audience expansion. This has been like, that's should have been the sign to everyone to be like, okay, let's not focus on this anymore.

They're telling us they're telegraphing us what they want the future to be. Um, so. Yeah.

And the way that I like to sum it up for clients and young media buyers is when you are number one testing with a broad audience and creating and knowingly from the start developing creative, that is for a broad audience, you are creating creative that is much more scalable. If you are thinking about, oh, I want to create this specific, um, this specific hook or the specific ad for a certain subset of people, you are fundamentally restricting like what Facebook can do with that creative and your results. You might get a quick hit.

You might, you might get something like quickly, you know, you know, creams for a week or, you know, maybe not even a week, maybe a couple of days, maybe immediately. And then just peters out, right? Like if you do like a very specific meme or you do like a very specific, like Rick and Morty reference, something like hyper narrow, like, yeah, you can get a hit there, but it's not going to scale.

And like, that's what most for, for at least for you and me, I'm sure there's other advertisers who could live off of those, those smaller scraps, you know, but for, for us, it's about scale and, and I guess should be for everyone about scale, about how do we make this scalable? How do we make this repeatable? How do we have ads that continue to work over time?

So we don't have to make a new ad for a new audience or the same audience. And that's not scalable. That's not repeatable.

Yeah. One of the most common questions I get on the channel actually is, Hey, I launched a new ad or a new ad set and the results are really great for two to three days. And then they died off.

That's evidence of that in action is that, you know, you, you might've created something, sorry, it is, but that's evidence. What's the, what's the other, what's the other one? What, what, what do you do?

What do you think I would say would be the other, the other reason that, that, that it's fallen off after two days? I actually don't know. I'm not reading your mind well, right?

It was just a, yeah, it was just like a shitty product. I don't know. Yeah.

No, what you said is, is very possible, right? You just like hit it, hit it and quit it. But to me, it's almost always engagement.

It's comments. It's, you said it yourself earlier, vandalism on the ads. Yeah.

That I really hope there's someone who like, this is watching this and that opens up something to them. People writing negative comments on your ad and you leaving them there fundamentally negatively affects performance. You are allowing someone to do the equivalent of going up on your, uh, on your billboard and writing this product sucks or like, why would you use this product or anything, anything negative that people can say you're allowing that to stay there instead of like wiping it off, like hide those comments.

I'm not saying don't, I'm not saying to delete them. I'm not saying to ignore them, respond to them if you want, but fundamentally hide them that way. Other people coming to your ad don't see those and negative comments begets negative comments.

Um, positive comments don't necessarily beget positive comments, but, uh, at least it's a much more palatable for people to play with. Gosh, I really hope that that like helps someone. Cause that's one of the, when I learned that, when I noticed that, uh, a while ago on an ad, like I was in and I was like, man, this was performing so good.

And now it's like the worst ad we've ever run. And I go and look at it. I'm like, oh, people are just like making fun of me, making fun of my, whatever.

I don't know. So we like hide those or you either hide those or recreate the ad fresh and you suddenly see the performance start working again. Duh.

And this is so common too, that one of the first things that I check out when an ad starts to reduce in results is I, I immediately look at the comments. Like I am in the habit now of looking in the comments for a majority of the ads that we, we run, especially when something starts to scale up, I'm monitoring those things super closely. And it's not just about monitoring performance too.

This is also a goldmine for other ideas for new ads and new copy that you can get. And actually just taking exactly what people are saying and utilizing that for your next pieces of creative. So.

Cause you'd lean against it. Right. You see someone like, uh, you know, I'd work with, with ranch water, right?

Like people all the time are saying like, oh, is, does that go well with your purse? And it's like, come on. Like it's, it's not like there are people like that are saying terrible things about that are very sexist.

And I, so I'm like, okay, well maybe I should make an ad that's like talking about masculinity. Like maybe I should, you know, not in a toxic, not a bad way. Yeah.

Yeah. Like about how, like, you know, like maybe I make an ad that goes after that. Maybe I'm making an ad that makes a joke about it being like sounding like ranch dressing, but it's not ranch dressing.

It's, you know, like a Texas ranch. Like, you know, maybe I play with that a little bit, um, rather in, and, and yeah, like you said, like you can get a learning from that. You can, you know, play into that because if that's what people's minds are already coming up with when they see your ad, they see your product, you might as well like maybe like give a, give a wink at them.

Yeah. I do with that. Um, but still hide, hide those negative comments because you don't just because it's social.

I think there was this movement, like in 2013, it was like, oh, we'll, we'll show people we're great at customer service by responding to everything. And like, that's, that's, that is great. But your ads are not the place for that.

I've had to talk to a lot of clients about that. They're like really proud of being able to talk to, you know, uh, talk down a, um, you know, uh, someone who's like a real hater, uh, someone who's writing really mean stuff on there. And they're really proud of that.

They're like, look, we, we, we, we were nice. Uh, but yeah, but still, if you can see that 20, 30, 50, a hundred people have liked that negative comment, that's because people are paying attention to it when they see your ad, we have, we have a client, the perfect gene, uh, shout out to Avadia. Love, love, love.

Yeah. I hope God, I hope he watches this, uh, love the perfect gene. Actually I'll, I'll go so far as to give them an on air spot, like quote, like I love the perfect gene as a client and as a product, I wear the perfect gene pretty much every day.

Fernando loves the perfect gene as well. Um, we got him a pair of the pants and he took them to Mexico. He wore them on the plane back to Peru a few days ago and he actually sent me a message and he was like, loved it.

Like, he's like, I felt like he, he took business class for the first time. He's like, I was so glad that I was wearing my pants because I felt like I belonged there, but like the secret was they felt like sweatpants. So like that, that is an ad, you know?

Yeah. To be able to wear jeans that look that the, to something that looks like exactly like, they are jeans because they are jeans, but like feet does not feel like jeans. It's awesome.

Um, so anyway, shout out to, uh, for the perfect gene of Navadia, um, because like they have people coming, coming at them all the time about like, oh, you know, about being there. Oh, you are men wearing tights. What is what's happening to America?

Leggings. Awful stuff. Awful stuff.

And like they put people on blast. Blast. Blast.

Yes. Yeah. It is amazing.

And like, that's a whole nother separate thing. Like if you're willing to fight dirty, go for it. Like that's the only circumstance I'd be like, fuck it.

Pardon my French. Yeah. But, uh, you know, leave the cut, leave the negative comments in there and go at them.

But like, if you're not going to do that, hide them. Even if you do do that, you should probably hide them anyway. Yeah.

Because it's a distraction from people actually buying your product. Um, so I will say this, uh, one of the, one of the negatives to excluding your past customers from your ads is that they're not getting your ads to be able to say, oh, I love this product and like be your advocates. So like, there is a world I've heard of people like running engagement campaigns for like $3 a day.

Yeah. To their customers, but it's like seed positive comments. Like that's not dumb.

It's not a great use of money or time or energy, but Hey, we've really gone off the rails on this. No, I know. But it's, it's kind of great actually.

Cause so next question is retargeting audiences are going to reduce in size, particularly for website visitors. What strategies should we use to offset this? I think that something that I still see in ad accounts, um, run by other agencies or other media buyers is a lot of, um, advertisers haven't shifted to consolidating their retargeting.

So they're still segmenting out website visitors or certain page visitors from add to carters from initiate check. There's value in that. There's, I think there's only value in that if you are differentiating your messaging and if you're not, then I don't think that that is super valuable.

Yeah. But then there's a whole nother conversation, which we're not going to get into now about like, is it really valuable to differentiate your messaging for those audits? Like, is that in itself worthwhile?

Some would say, questionable, questionable. Some would say absolutely. Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, especially if you're like leaning more into like offer based messaging, I'd say, and you only want to have specific offers for people who added to cart, for instance, and you were like, you know, I don't want to like, I've, what I hear from a lot of brands is I don't want to jeopardize my brand image by seeming like a discount brand. And like, you could say, you could segment your messaging for discounts and offers to only be people who added to cart.

But yeah. In, in this like broader instance of, you know, iOS 14 and retargeting audiences, reducing in size overall, I would part I would say to those people, like, you know, consolidate your retargeting into like one or two ad sets at most, like, especially modern advertising, right? Like you and I are usually good.

I'm going to say like any ounce that you could be spending on being thoughtful about those who is in these audiences and what messaging are they getting? And then updating that messaging, however, you, any energy you're putting to that is going to be, is going to pay out better coming up with better net new creative ads for the top. Or even iterative tests to test that I'm like, I'm like already on already good creative, but anything creative wise.

An interesting stat, like for people to know about thesis too, is we actually recently wrote a blog article that looked at our different brands that we were managing and looked at the percentage of spend between prospecting and retargeting. And across the whole, we were looking at, you know, a majority of our brands were spending about 90% in prospecting and only 10% and retargeting. So giving, you know, with that in mind for when you're working with brands at scale, giving too much thought to the messaging or to the structure of your retargeting campaigns is just something that we're not seeing huge lifts from and, but we are seeing those bigger lists from when we're actually taking the time to do bigger swing tests on net new creative or iterative tests on creative that's already working.

I will say, I agree with all that, except that, you know, there's some bias to our, the data that we have. Yeah, that's true. If you have higher, you know, if you have higher consideration products, higher price products, right?

Yeah. Like a $1,500 something you're selling, anything is going to take more thoughtful messaging perhaps. I mean, there's, I could also argue that it just needs more messaging, not necessarily particular exact messaging.

So that's, you know, there's a whole nother argument there, but I, I do understand retargeting has more value for that, for those, those higher consideration things, especially at scale. So there is something there, but again, I wouldn't waste a ton of money on that. And I think, you know, as long as you're controlling frequency and being thoughtful about that, and you know what the message is, yeah, that's, I wouldn't, I would still keep it 90-10 pretty much, almost any instance of anything that I'm selling, I would be doing 90-10 anyway.

Yeah, exactly. And what you said too about social engagers is important because that is a retargeting audience that is not going to be changed from this like iOS rollout. So if you haven't been targeting your social engagers, then like what we do is we just combine Facebook engagers and Instagram engagers into one ad set and target those.

And that's really all you need to do. We don't really complicate it. And it works great from some brands, it works less great for others.

And it's just about like launching and testing and it is another lever you can pull. Totally. And look, there are, there's people that would say like, oh, let's do post savers as its own separate thing.

And like, I love that. I love that from a, from a premise standpoint. That's also something we track on all of our, like when we are analyzing our creative, we're taking a look at people who saved or shared our ads.

Yeah. I look at cost per save cost per share. Oh, I don't look at that.

I just look at like how many people saved and how many people. Oh, but you shouldn't look at the cost per that way. You can compare two ads because it's not just the number, it's the how efficient it is.

True. True. Yeah.

It's like, it's like a legitimate conversion rate on your ad because they are doing free advertising for you. So I totally understand it fundamentally. Yeah.

Yeah. Or you could be looking at the, you could also look at the rate. I had no joke for, for Lone River Ranch water, our, um, our share rate or cost per share for our, um, what was it?

The April Fools thing, which was the, uh, buttermilk ranch. It was a joke playing up the whole like branch flavor, which it's not that, um, it was so it was borderline, like actually viral. If I could go back in time, I would have spent five times as much as we did on it.

Ah, that feeling. Only, only the day later I looked at the shares. I didn't look at the shares as it was going.

And the cost per share was like five cents or something like that. It was like, I was like, we would have hit the entire planet if we just like spent a bunch more. So yeah, that was, that was one of those, it maybe wasn't five cents.

I should look it up. It was, it was shockingly low. I couldn't believe it how many people shared it from the ad directly, not just not the then viral shares.

Yeah. Um, which was, which was pretty crazy. So, you know, that's rare.

That's a, that was a one in like 50,000 chance that that happens. Your ads will never do that. But, uh, just a side note about like, eh, maybe you should have that, that percentage there, because if you see something that has a higher share rate, I bet, like, I bet some of our perfect gene ads, we should take a look closer at that.

I bet there's one or two that like have more viral actions and those are not trackable by ads manager. Those are not trackable at all. Forget about iOS 14.

We can't attribute those to Facebook ads at all. So. No, you're right.

We should take a look at that. And we're also, we're doing, we have coming up for them, like a few like meme style ads, like in the same vein as like nugs and disco skin, like it's going to like, I think like that kind of stuff has like more of a virality effect or it's like, it's just content. Yeah.

For like, which is like infinitely more shareable because when people feel like they're being advertised to it, like it feels crunchy. Yeah. So exactly.

Yeah. So next question, which is a biggie is