I'm gonna take 50 of the ads that I saw this year during Black Friday and rank them in a tier list. I know tier lists are kind of over, but I've never seen anyone do this for Facebook ads before. So let's try it.

This is the worst Facebook ad that I've ever seen. Now, I actually bought from this ad. Hexclad, Appy, Solostove.

Skims is the only brand that can do this. Now, most tier lists look something like this, but I made a new one for us advertising nerds so we can more properly rank these Black Friday offers. All right, first up is Magic Spoon.

Now, Magic Spoon had several Black Friday, Cyber Monday ads this year, but there's one that made me really scratch my head. I just don't understand why out of all the design options that they could choose, they would choose to have the offer and the logo sit horizontally. I don't know.

This one for me, honestly, was I have questions for your team, so we're really starting off hot here. Next up, we have Billy. Billy.

Honestly, this is a classic Billy ad. They really do like to lean into native style ads, and I really like their use of the TikTok response bubble of that. I don't think that this one's going to win any awards or anything, right?

So let's go ahead and put Billy right up here. Clever and converts. Probably.

Next up, we have Obvi. These are pretty classic. We have a split screen ad with the UGC or maybe a podcast angle.

We have a what I call social media proof angle. But, you know, Obvi is always a bit of an onslaught of information and colors and visuals. And I really do like that the offer in this one is super obvious.

But one thing that I don't like, actually, is I think it's actually a little hard to see Black Friday. I think they actually tried to make it so you can see it better, but it's a little hard to read. It's a little fuzzy, and it just doesn't stick out to me.

That one, to me, is going to be classic but uninspired. Next up, Loom. Ah, Loom was actually one of the ones that did a pre-Black Friday offer, and I was very annoyed by it.

My personal opinion here is I don't like doing pre-Black Friday offers and then having a Black Friday and Cyber Monday offer because you're actually taking ads out of learning that could gain a lot more momentum if you have them out in the ecosystem longer. So I was really annoyed that they were saying, Hey, we have an early Black Friday deal when you know they're going to have a regular Black Friday deal. So I am actually going to go and say I have questions for your team just based on the overall strategy.

I know that's kind of harsh. Wow, we are really getting off to a wild start here. What do we have next?

Flow. Flow is one of those that had a massive offer, right? In some of the ads we're going to see today, I don't think people are discounting enough.

This is one where I see this huge discount, and I'm like, I think that might be too much, and that's actually a little sus. So this is another one where I have questions for your team based pretty much on the offer alone. The actual ad creative is okay.

Next up, we have Dermatology. Dermatology was another one of those brands that had several great ads for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. They had some green screen UGC action, but there was one specific ad that I really liked that they did.

They did an ugly ad. Shout out, very hot. So Dermatology, you are going to go into the clever and converts probably pile.

Happy Mamet. I'm just going to say I have questions. Now, there were several ads that they had that were a lot more traditional, so probably in the classic and uninspired category, but they also had several ads that literally showed their palettes.

Now, the reason why I have a problem with this, if you are targeting someone who's familiar with your brand, maybe they're even a past customer, but you don't have anything indicating what your brand actually is on the ad, like who's going to see that and think, oh yeah, it's Happy Mamet. No, like you have to stand out amongst the onslaught of Black Friday offers, and this is just showing you what? Nothing.

I have no idea. And if you're going after a new customer, it's... I have questions for your team.

Next up, Skims. Now, Skims is the only brand that can actually do this, and what I saw them do the day before Black Friday, they sent out an ad that said, hey, Black Friday is coming tomorrow. And then today on Saturday, they also had another ad that said, hey, we just actually launched some new offers.

Now, the thing about Skims is, number one, they don't need Facebook ads alone to be successful, right? They have really dialed in their marketing strategy, and they have a ton of reach already. So in many ways, no matter who Skims is targeting on Facebook, it could be considered retargeting, right?

It's just like one big retargeting audience because most people that are going to be on Facebook ads and are ready to buy have some sort of familiarity with Skims. So I would actually say that I really liked the strategy that they had, and it is in the Olbevi category. But my caveat here is that only Skims can do this.

This is not actually a strategy that I would recommend for almost any other brand but a brand of this caliber. Next up, Allo. Now, Allo also had several great ads this year.

They had a UGC style ad, but the ads that I really liked that they did were actually their DPA ads that had some text overlay to really feature that offer. So they were probably using a platform like Marpipe. So Allo is going to be in that clever and converts probably.

And I will also say something too. Allo, for several weeks up until Black Friday, Cyber Monday, were essentially running the same 30% offer. It started with Singles Day, and then it went up a little bit until the Black Friday launch day.

So they've pretty much been discounting 30% since Singles Day. So almost a month before Black Friday, Cyber Monday. This is something that I see a lot of, especially apparel brands need to do during this time because sales take a big hit when people are starting to really keep their wallet close right before the actual Black Friday period.

Next up, Noosh. Okay, so I bought from Noosh this year, but I did not buy from this ad. Now, I actually really, really like this ad, but what I think is interesting is this is one of those classic ads that I had been seeing over the last few weeks with no discount.

So I know that this is one of their top performers that they ended up putting a .wack or a banner onto it to actually feature that offer, which is really smart, right? So we know that it's converting. But Noosh, honestly, I'm going to give it the classic and uninspired just because, you know, this is something they had been running for the last few weeks.

But I bet that this is really effective. And this also shows that you don't need to go above and beyond in how clever you're going to be. You're likely going to be more effective if you go after the classic but uninspired style ad creatives as opposed to trying to go after the oval V or even the clever style ads.

This is just what I see time and time again. What do we have next? Hit Dex.

Oh gosh, so here's another one that I actually bought for. But I'm not going to lie, I didn't actually love this ad creative. In fact, when I saw it, I thought that the aspect ratios were kind of out of whack.

I feel like they could have probably done some more UGC. They probably did. But for this specific ad creative, I'm just going to go.

It depends. You know, maybe for the right person, it could possibly work. But I do have questions about this aspect ratio.

Next up, Hexclad. Immediately, I'm going to go to the classic yet uninspired category because they have been reusing a lot of their ad creative that they used over the last few months and simply put the dot whack or the banner on it, which, again, is an amazing strategy. I actually think that during Black Friday, Cyber Monday, you should not be doing as much ad creative testing.

And this is what we see here with Hexclad, really reusing a lot of their old ad creatives, which is a really great strategy. Cuts. Now, cuts is one that I'm actually going to put into the clever and converts probably category.

Now, one thing that they did that I really liked is they actually had Steven, their founder, do a really impromptu UGC style founder's ad specifically for their offers. And they also had a few native style statics that I saw. Honestly, I think cuts did a really good job this year in stepping a little bit outside of the box, but also sticking to more of their tried and true, classic yet uninspired style ad creatives.

Next up, Ridge Wallet. I would say that Ridge Wallet is pretty much in the same category as cuts, but I didn't really see as many UGC creatives from them, a lot of statics, which probably works well for them, honestly. Again, I feel like for Ridge Wallet, this is a brand that you don't really need to do a ton of innovation during this period to have an amazing sales season.

Burrow. This design annoys me. Like, why there?

There's just so much empty. I don't know. I actually had this problem with Burrow in general.

A lot of their design irks me. Somersault. This specific ad creative.

I'm going to tear down their entire strategy just from seeing this one ad creative. Because I'm seeing it and I'm like, you are a swimsuit brand, but what is this image? I know that they probably had several other ad creatives.

Honestly, this ad specifically annoyed me. But again, this is probably mostly for a retargeting audience. Just know that you're probably not going to get many net new customers from this, but it maybe works.

So I don't know. Eh, I'll put it in the depends pile. You know the offer's front and center, so that's really all you need.

Hill House. Hill House, I am immediately going to put into the classic but uninspired. But what I will say is I was a little suspicious of some of these up to 50 or up to 70% style offers.

But what I will say about this is I know that this is their nap dress. It's their most popular dress. And I like that they have a few different options on that.

So that's why I'm going to put it in the classic but uninspired category. Like, Caden Laid, I remember this one specifically. I'm going to say I have questions based on, again, the design alone.

And it honestly doesn't really matter. Like, this ad probably did fine. In fact, it might actually do well because of the thing that annoys me about it.

But it's like, why not move up the baby picture a little bit? Like, why are you making his mouth look like the offer? I don't know.

That just, it annoys me aesthetically. But that could also be why it works. So who knows.

Caden A. Dover. I'm going to put this one to the it depends category.

Now, a few things immediately that I do like about it. Offer is front and center. But they have this really aesthetic photo shoot.

I like that the purple sticks out. But I just feel like they probably could have reutilized previous creatives and did the exact same amount of sales, to be honest. I just don't know if having this huge photo shoot for this specific new product is actually going to provide that much of an incremental lift as opposed to just reusing other stuff that they had and featuring their best sellers.

Pros. Pros. Pros, I'm going to go with classic and uninspired.

A lot of their ad creatives just simply have the dot whack that they put over top of their previous performing creative, which I think is great. And I think they did a few really strategic split screens, which is awesome. But like, you know, nothing crazy to write home about, which again, is totally fine and probably what I would end up doing if I had my own brand.

Next up, we have Majuri. Now, Majuri, I'm actually going to put into the classic or uninspired, or it depends. I'm going to put into it depends.

Now, something that kind of annoyed me about their offer is they had a really stripped band. So you had to spend $150 to get that 20% off. They also, leading up to their 20% offer, were launching some teasers that said, hey, in order to get the offer right now, go to the store, which not everyone's going to be able to do that.

But I think that overall, of course, the sale would have been way more successful if it was 20% across the board, maybe even than I would have bought. But, you know, they're also a brand, I think, that can push their customers to get that higher AOV. So, you know, it depends.

But I'm personally annoyed by it. Ali Abdaal. Now, this is one that was personally targeted to me.

Honestly, I think that this probably worked really well. This is not like ad creative genius by any means, right? But they've never done an offer on his course before.

I highly considered it, even though I've been doing YouTube for a while, and I'm now full-time, I guess. But I think that he probably did really, really well with it. I'm going to put it up to Clever and Converts, probably.

I also think that that price point and that price deduction probably worked really well for him. Ma and Bo. This, honestly, probably did really, really well for them.

I'm going to put it in the classic, but uninspired. I will say, though, I hate this green. I know that they're trying to stick out from the, you know, tons of other offers that are out there, but I am personally annoyed by it.

I also wonder about the six-pack Save 60. The six-pack Save 60 is really abstract to me. Like, what does that actually come out to?

I think it might have been a little better if we saw, hey, this is what that is actually going to come out to. Same for the three-pack Save 24. And then we have the Save Up 2.

I don't know. In this case, people are kind of hunting for your deal. Classic, but uninspired.

I might actually move that down to it depends, based on ad creative alone. Next up, Pella. I actually really like these tiers, and I think the tiers are really digestible for people.

And it makes it easier for people to be like, oh, yeah, I'm going to do two or three instead of one. But you still get something if you just buy one. So for this one, I'm going to go with Classic.

It probably worked really well for them. Next one, the one that I personally got on my feed is Amra. I don't exactly know what this is.

This, I think, is some sort of supplement. But there are a few things that I really like about it here. Number one, Black Friday.

It's pretty obvious. Biggest sale of the year. Now, I've been asked a lot, does this kind of messaging work or doesn't it?

I think it does actually help if it's true. 40% off is also a great deal. And you get a free gift, which is really enticing.

So I'd say that this is probably, you know, a really clever strategy overall and probably worked really well for them even though I'm not really in the buying mood for them. Next up, Mizzen and Main. Now, Mizzen and Main is actually one of my boyfriend's favorite stores.

And they had several really classic creatives that are like, yeah, they would go into the classic in Uninspired. But they did one ad creative that I saw. And I was like, wow, that's very clever.

But I don't think that it works. So I would put it into, I would put this specific ad creative into the It Depends portion just because that offer isn't being shown up front and center. I think it's more like marketing for creatives.

But, you know, everything else was definitely in that classic but uninspired but probably really affected. I probably, I think that they did really, really well. 30% off I think is really great for an apparel brand.

It's also what Aloe Yoga did. Now, it's funny. APL had a really similar offer, right?

So they had up to 30% off. But the thing that annoys me a lot about this ad is you can't actually tell that they're shoes. Which, again, it's not gonna really matter.

But I just don't think that APL has that much brand awareness or like brand ties, especially when it comes to influencer marketing. Or maybe I'm just talking from my own personal perspective. I don't know.

This one's gonna be an It Depends for me. But what I do think is kind of interesting is the 50% off your next offer. I don't know.

Maybe this worked really well for them. They probably have other ads that just didn't see it. I'm probably just being a hater because I think that that visual was really dumb.

Negative. Negative. I have questions for your team.

50% off is just not that enticing. I, like, you really did not go big and you won't. Ripley Raider is a brand that I personally love.

I do have a pair of their pants. I really like them. I think that they really had an opportunity to do more bundling instead of just 20% off which I think is not as appealing to people who are seeing 30% off for a lot of other apparel brands.

So I do know that they were reusing a lot of the ad creative that had been performing well for them over the last few months based on what I'm seeing in 4.0 and their ads library. I don't have access to any of these accounts. I would say, honestly, they were probably more classic but uninspired.

I just think that their offer was a little weak. Beam is another one of those brands that had like an up to 50% offer and I really liked the visual that they used here and it's something that I had seen them using over the last few months. They're another classic but uninspired.

Beyond Yoga, this is an ad that showed up personally in my feed. Up to 75% off sale items, 30% off sale items. Honestly, this probably did pretty well.

Also, when you see this kind of thing, you're like, oh yeah, it's that yoga apparel store. 75% off is what's going to get someone to stop initially and then they're going to see 30% off store-wide. Classic but uninspired.

Yeah. Jenny Kane. Now, Jenny Kane had several ad creatives during this time but the one that showed up on my feed was this one which of course I was personally annoyed with but again, I think if you're a certain caliber brand, you can get away with having like zero branding.

Honestly, Florida Mall, I'm seeing this brand right here, they did the exact, like that exact same ad pretty much came up for me but I know they had other ad creatives but you know, personally, that was just classic but uninspired. Now, Etitude actually had some ad creative that I thought was really clever and what they were doing that was different and I saw a few different options of this. They were, you know, number one, not doing a really common offer so they were doing like 42%, 43%, and they were also going in on really specific color schemes that they had for their product.

I almost took advantage and bought this one. I don't know but it's clever and it probably converts. Vegamour is another brand that did really well and had a wide range of creatives this year.

I will say this one that definitely goes into the classic and uninspired. I am putting them in the clever though because they had so many different creative varieties that I think really helped them out. Can, I thought had a really great offer.

Their ad creatives weren't like anything major to write home about but I thought that their offer was really good. I almost personally took advantage of it. Thesis, and not Thesis, the agency where I used to work, this is Thesis, the, I mean, Tropics brand, they had a lot of really great ad creatives this year but I, you know, a lot of them were super classic.

They did have a few ugly ads that they were still running so I think that they were actually pretty clever. Peak. I have questions for your team and the reason why I have questions for Peak's team is because they didn't really have a good Black Friday, Cyber Monday offer at all and it was really specific to people buying certain products and, you know, in years past they had a ton of great offers.

I know they've done offers where you could get gift cards and you weren't actually doing discounts. I know some years they've done discounts. This one, I'm just, you know, maybe it was supply chain issues, maybe they didn't want to have Black Friday, Cyber Monday be that big of a thing for them but like as a person who's bought from them I wasn't excited about this at all.

Boy, I think that this one was cute and I think that they did something really clever by utilizing a pet even though it's not a pet product. This is a brand that I actually probably had not heard of so I could be considered potentially, you know, top of funnel for this brand. I did have to like click in and see what the brand was about but I think it was really smart that they were using a pet because, well, maybe actually it's not smart because maybe it looks like it's like a pet product.

I don't know, maybe that worked well for them but it just like didn't look like an ad initially. Like this is something that I could consider like an ugly ad sort of but now on second that I'm looking at this maybe it's not super clever. classic but it depends.

Victoria Beckham another classic but uninspired. It was probably really effective for them. Oh jeez, we only have a few more left.

Girlfriend Collective classic. Rowan I'm going to put in the it depends category. I just don't know why you wouldn't put your offer on some ad creatives.

I don't know, it's kind of wild for me. Promix I actually thought that this was kind of cool and they had a lot of really great options but this ad creative specifically just had so much going on. It was like they combined all of their learnings into one ad.

Who knows, maybe it worked for them but I'm putting it in the depends category. Ugh, solo stove. I put out a mini rant a few days ago on Twitter about how I didn't love the Snoop Dogg collab with them.

I'm probably a hater though. Like initially I just didn't see the creator product alignment but it probably did really really well for them this time of year to be honest. So, I am gonna put not classic but inspired I'm gonna put clever and converts but you know many people would say this is an old beast like top tier marketing and blah blah blah whatever.

Chamberlain this is a great ad. Honestly I saw a lot of brands the more products that you can feature in this type of grid format or even really just like a high quality studio shot like this this kind of thing is gonna be really you know work this kind of thing works again and again. Wow.

So, let's see how all of this actually turned out. There we go. We have I mean it's pretty even but a lot of them are classic and not inspired which I'm actually happy to see because to be honest you like don't have to over complicate this time of the year.

Whatever. Feel free to roast my rankings at any point in this. And if you don't agree let me know.

Alright, I'll see you guys in a few days. Bye.