Hey guys, today I'm going to answer the question, should I use automatic placements on my Facebook ads? And before we get started, lightly tap the like button so I can know that you guys are enjoying this content. So essentially what automatic placements does, it allows Facebook to choose where to show your ads.

You can make this choice in the ad set section of your Facebook ads. Here you're going to be able to choose between automatic placements or manual placements. And when you choose automatic placements, boom, you're done.

You're leaving the magic to Facebook. But when you select a manual, you actually have to tell Facebook where you want your ads to run. So for manual placements, you'll have your choice between four platforms, either Facebook, Instagram, the audience network, or Messenger.

And you'll also select the placement inside of those. So you'll have the choice between the feed, stories, and a few others. So should you use automatic placements?

My answer is yes. I have always found that I get better performance when I don't have a more strict Facebook. So allowing Facebook to actually choose where they think it's best to show my ad has always given me better results, with one exception.

Particularly when I'm making creative that's made especially for Instagram stories. So when I have specific Instagram stories content, I do like to segment that out. And the way that that ad set would actually look like is I would have one ad set that's just for Instagram stories and another ad set that has all the placements selected except for Instagram stories.

I will note though that even though I always use automatic placements, I'm always really careful to make sure that my Instagram feed and my Facebook feed ads look okay. Because sometimes when you're using the Instagram feed, what it'll actually do is it'll take the headline you're using for your Facebook ads and it'll put it as the first line. So I'm always really careful to go through look at the copy on my Instagram feed and then edit it and edit placements in the ad section.

So yeah, I almost always use automatic placements except for Instagram stories or if I'm working for a client that only wants to advertise on Instagram or only advertise on Facebook. Another thing I'd like to note though is that this strategy is actually a lot different than it was a few years ago. Even up to about one year to 18 months ago, I was almost always segmenting my ad sets by placements.

So I would have one ad set for Instagram, another for Facebook, and sometimes even dividing it between Facebook mobile and Facebook desktop. But these days in 2020, the Facebook algorithm is a lot smarter and I'm finding a lot better results by just using automatic placements. Okay guys, and that's all.

Thank you so much for this super short and quick video. If you guys have any questions, please leave them in the comments below. Okay, thanks.

Bye.