What's up marketers? I wanted to pop in for a quick midweek episode to answer a really common question that I've been seeing on this channel from you guys in the comments and that I've also seen around Twitter, which is should I still be using conversion campaigns on Facebook ads in 2022? More specifically, should I be using the purchase optimization on conversion campaigns for Facebook ads in 2022?

And my short and sweet answer is yes, full stop. But I do want to go into a little bit more about why this is the case and why we do this for a majority of our clients at Thesis. So number one, we've actually tested this at Thesis.

We've tried using different objectives. So we've used brand awareness campaigns and traffic campaigns. We've also tried using conversion campaigns that we're optimizing for add to cart or even initiate checkout.

And I'm not kidding. In all scenarios, it failed. So even just looking at the platform, we weren't able to get any more purchases out of all those extra eyeballs.

Because the thing that happens when you optimize for a traffic or brand awareness campaign, or you're optimizing for add to cart on a conversion campaign, you're literally just paying less money for less qualified traffic. So you get more eyeballs. But that broader reach was not resulting in sales, either directly on the campaign or in our retargeting funnels.

Of course, we were cross analyzing this with our Google Analytics data, as well as some of our first party data for some of our clients. And we just couldn't see this additional traffic really doing anything. And this goes back to something that's truly fundamental about Facebook ads.

If you are on the platform to generate sales, to get a positive ROAS, to get a low cost per purchase, and frankly, grow your business with money, then you are going to need to use the conversion objective for a purchase optimization. Because Facebook is so advanced that you literally just need to tell it what to do. And any amount of hacking or trying to beat the system by getting a lower CPM is just frankly going to make you lose your money.

Facebook, even though it took a hard hit after iOS 14, isn't quite the platform that it used to be, it's still the best one. I say this with a little bit of pain in my heart because I'm such a fan of TikTok, but you know, TikTok's just not quite there yet. Now, I have seen a few other media buyers that I really trust that have been using some video views campaigns or slightly other funnelized campaign structures, and it seems to work for them.

So by all means, if this is something that you feel deep in your heart that you need to test out and really just prove once and for all that I am wrong by not using a funnel structure, then give it a try and let me know how it goes. But I'm truly going to place money on the fact that it probably won't work. I think that the things that David is doing or that Jake the Adner that is doing, which are two of my really good friends on Twitter that I really like and trust their advice and their perspective, even though it's completely different from mine in some aspects.

I just, you know, I just haven't seen it myself and I've seen a lot. You know, I work for a big agency where we see tons of different clients coming through and I have access to tons of these accounts and every single account that I've ever seen that was trying to do a structure like this, it just, it was bullshit. So I don't know, maybe try a video views retargeting thing that's like targeting only 50% of people.

I don't know. But if you're trying to really grow your business, then you're going to really want to focus more on cold traffic and acquiring as many new customers as possible. Playing the retargeting game is just, it's going to steer you in the wrong direction.

You know, if you start like creating different creatives that are specifically for warm or hot audiences, you're not going to be in a very scalable position because your targeting pools are only ever is going to be as big as your prospecting audiences, so to speak. So, you know, if you really want to get ahead of the game and really win at Facebook ads, you're going to have to win at the creative and really develop content that is scalable and is something that is appealing to a broader audience. I talk about this a lot, you know, but that is a little bit more advanced perhaps, especially if you're a new business owner and you're, you know, trying to figure out this Facebook ads thing.

I have been there. Truly I have, but the fundamental thing that you can do immediately is just set up a simple structure. And I have videos that are all about this exact type of structures that I would use if I was building out an account that was, you know, spending a little bit of money per month, which, you know what, we all start there.

I totally get it. So be sure to take a look at that video. So you would know exactly how I would set up your Facebook ads account if you hired me today to do it.

Seriously. That's why I don't tend to work with smaller businesses because that's literally what I would do. And I don't feel like you should pay me for that.

You know, just watch some of my videos and subscribe to this channel. That actually helps out a lot. Thank you so much for having this quick fireside chat with me.

Um, but there's no fire anyways. Thanks. And I will see you on Sunday.

Later. Bye.