Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today we're going to be talking about detailed targeting expansion. You know that little checkbox I'm talking about.

I'm going to dive into what that is and if you should use it. And spoiler alert, I have a super simple yes or no answer to that question that you can implement on all of your Facebook ad campaigns. So be sure to watch until the end.

So first thing, what is detailed targeting expansion? Detailed targeting expansion is that little checkbox that you see in the ad set section of your Facebook ads manager when you're creating a new campaign. This essentially allows Facebook to look outside your targeting to find people they think are going to convert for you.

Facebook says you can use this option when you want us to show your ad to additional people who we think would get you more and or cheaper results. And we only implement the expansion when we think we can get you those results. Cool thing is, is that this does not apply to location, age, or gender.

So if you're targeting a specific location, gender, or age, they're not going to look outside of that. You can use detailed targeting expansion on all campaign objectives except for reach and brand awareness. So should you use it?

My simple answer is yes. I have tested this rigorously and I have never seen detailed targeting expansion negatively impact one of my campaigns. With that said, this tactic is no silver bullet.

The changes it's going to ultimately make are pretty minuscule. So if you have an ad set that's performing badly, turning on detailed targeting expansion isn't suddenly going to make it perform well. And on the flip side, if you have an ad set that's performing really well, checking this little box isn't going to make your campaign suddenly tank.

So, like I said, super simple answer. If you guys are currently advertising on Facebook ads, leave me a comment below and let me know if you agree. Or if you have any other questions about Facebook ads, leave a comment below.

Okay guys, thanks. Bye!