Hey guys, today I'm going to answer the question, should I use daily or lifetime budgets on my Facebook ads account? And I have a really easy answer for you. I use one of them 95% of the time.

So be sure to stay to the end where I show you which one I almost always use and when I occasionally use the other one. But first I want to explain what daily and lifetime budgets are and what you can potentially expect from either strategy. Simply put, when using Facebook ads, you have the choice to either set your budget at a daily amount or a lifetime amount.

So what do these choices actually mean? For daily budgets, you're capping your spend at a certain amount every single day at an amount that Facebook is likely to spend in full. But to be honest, there are often discrepancies that I see between spend every day.

Sometimes it's going to be a little bit higher. Sometimes it's going to be a little bit lower. But for the most part, it generally evens out to your daily budget.

Now lifetime budgets, this essentially allows Facebook to know a certain amount that you're willing to spend over a certain amount of time, whether or not it's a week or a month or more. And this allows Facebook to choose when it can spend more money. Maybe on certain days, it's going to see that the algorithm is working in its favor and it's going to spend a lot more while spending a lot less on other days.

And lifetime budgets can be super handy for you if you're tying your budget to a certain timeline, like for a specific sale or discount. So in theory, there's a lot less for you to micromanage. Now you can set these budgets in two different places.

If you're using CBO campaigns, you can actually choose between a lifetime or daily budget at the campaign level. Whereas if you're using ad set budgeting, you can then choose to have it between lifetime or daily inside the ad set. So which one do we choose?

I'm going to be honest, 95% of the time I use daily budgets. I have not seen that big of a difference in using lifetime budgets for any single campaign type or industry. And sometimes I actually think it slows down my performance because Facebook isn't thinking long term for the campaign or ad set.

And essentially, it's only gathering enough results until the end of the lifetime. Which means to me that I end up getting a lackluster performance overall. And one thing I want to add as a note is that for retargeting campaigns, I always, always, always use daily budgets.

I don't even think about it. But there are really specific special instances when I use lifetime budgets for things like special promotions, like holidays, like specific long weekends, like Memorial Day or the 4th of July. And of course, for those special blowout sales like Black Friday or Cyber Monday.

To be honest, it's a little bit less about performance and a lot more about maintaining a specific budget that the client indicated they wanted to spend for those special promotions. And I think on some level too, the performance is slightly better because Facebook is trying to get as many conversions with that specific budget. Okay, guys, and that's it.

Leave me a comment below. Let me know if you guys tend to use daily or lifetime budgets. I actually see that this is a pretty big contention among media buyers, particularly with ones that have worked in corporate or have worked for smaller agencies.

I've noticed that people who work for much larger agencies or big businesses, they do tend to use lifetime budgets. I've never been able to replicate that kind of success with the companies that I work with, which tend to have an average ad budget for under a quarter million per month. And of course, if you guys have any questions about Facebook ads, let me know in the comments.

Okay, thanks. Bye.