What's up marketers and entrepreneurs? My name is Dara and I am the director of paid social at a leading advertising agency. And my channel is all about social media advertising so that you can grow your business without wasting your money.

For today's video, I'm gonna show you the kind of ad creatives that are killing it on Snapchat right now. There are three main strategies that I'm gonna show you that have been working really well for me on the platform. And to be honest, I have not been seeing these same strategies on Facebook ads.

So you'll definitely wanna try these to get better returns on Snapchat specifically, but I think you'll also wanna give them a try on Facebook ads. You're also gonna wanna stick around to the end where I'm gonna show you a super easy hack so that you can develop all this creative for free. Lastly, I wanna mention that I have partnered with Snapchat ads to get you free credits to try out the platform.

Essentially, it's a spend a thousand, get a thousand deal. And if you are a business owner or a media buyer, you already know what a massive value that is. So I'm gonna have that in the link in the description below.

So the first creative type that I wanna talk about is what I call in ad web browsing. Now this is something I have been seeing on TikTok as well as Snapchat lately. But when I actually tried this out in one of my Snapchat ads accounts recently, it beat out everything else that we were using in the entire account.

Now this ad is commonly divided into two halves. One is more of the traditional UGC that you see a lot on these types of social media ads. And the second half of the ad actually shows some web browsing of the website.

Now the reason why this works so well is because with almost all types of ads except the boring catalog product picture ad, you're not gonna be able to show more than one to two products in the ad at any given time, in most cases. Which means you're not gonna be able to grab most people's attention. With this method, you're not only going to showcase more product, but you're actually gonna be showing your website.

And since it's commonly layered with a voiceover, it's gonna feel like a more authentic experience. Now the second type of creative I see nail it on Snapchat ads lately, are what I like to call TikTok shorts. And what's funny is I haven't seen these pop up really on Facebook or Instagram ads, but I think they would do really, really well on those platforms too.

This is something I've been testing out on a few Snap accounts, and the results are a lot better than just your traditional UGC. So essentially for these, you want your ads to be 10 seconds or shorter, maybe even something like five seconds. They have to be really quick.

And like I said, it's not your traditional UGC, so they're not going to be in selfie position. It's a lot more like showcasing one benefit from the view of a third party, but still you're going to want that UGC feel. So you're still going to be filming this with your iPhone.

You don't need any special equipment for this. So I think Flo did an awesome job at this, and they actually tested out several different versions of different hooks and copy that they were using. So what I would suggest for you is to test out several different benefits and their hooks, and also try testing out a few different sounds that have an emotional connection to your user.

I think Flo nailed it on both accounts with this specific ad. So the third type of creative I'm starting to test out on Snapchat ads is what I like to call the platform-specific call-out. And before I even talk about it, I just want to show you because I think you're going to understand what I mean.

Hey, Snap fam. Let me tell you about my new favorite boutique, TouchDolls. I just ordered some stuff from them, and it all came in so fast.

Make sure you follow them because they have the cutest stuff for summer. Now, as you can see, the woman is directly calling out the platform when she says, Hey, Snapchat, which feels super organic and not at all like an ad. This is something I haven't seen on Facebook or Instagram yet, but I have noticed that when using this strategy in Snapchat, it's starting to extend my watch times a lot longer.

So to be honest, I'm still testing this one out, but I'm really excited about it, and I'm actually going to start running some tests for it on Facebook ads as well, because I think it would be a slam dunk on Instagram. Now, the last thing I want to address is my hack for getting all this creative made, and you can actually get all this content made for free just by using Snapchat's Create Video and Ads Manager. So this used to be called Snap Publisher.

So if you've seen some of my previous videos, that's what I was referring to then. But let's go ahead and hop into the platform so that I can show you exactly how to get this creative made. Once you're inside your Snap Ads Manager, you're going to go to your menu in the top left-hand corner.

And what we're going to look for is under the creative section. So you're going to see creative library, create video, create AR lens, and create filter. So yes, directly on the Snapchat platform, you can create those really cool effects like an AR lens or a filter.

But for the purposes of this video, that's not what I'm talking about. I'm actually just referring to the create video portion here. So let's go ahead and hop in there.

And when we get here, you see that you're going to have three different options. Now, the first one I want to point out is this video converter, which is actually going to convert all your videos to a vertical format like the kind you use on Snapchat ads, which is a massive value. So if you have any videos that you want to convert, you can do that right there.

Additionally, you also have a customized video template and a design from scratch. So if we hop into the video template, you see that there's going to be all these different types of templates that you can use and layer in with your own videos. So this one right here, the fun with friends too.

Now I use this a lot for my Snapchat ads that I'm filming for my clients. But there's tons of other different kinds of things in here that you can test out. So it's definitely worth taking a look at because it's going to make getting that ad creative so much easier.

So let's go ahead and go back. You can actually see a few of the ones that I was testing out for one of my clients. And they do really well.

They feel really organic. You really don't have to overcomplicate this process. Hey, that's it.

If you guys have any questions about Snapchat ads, please feel free to hit me up in the comments below, especially if it's about the great offer that I have with Snapchat ads. It's a platform that I really believe in, especially going into 2021. I think the best way that you're going to see success on your business using social media ads is to diversify your platforms.

And seriously, one of the best ways I found that was with Snapchat ads. So thanks for hanging out with me and I'll see you next week. Bye.