What's up, recorders? Every month I do an analysis of the top performing creatives on the ad accounts that I have access to. And this dead simple, easy image format is always the top performer.

The top performing image, that is. And here it is, no fluff here. I call this the headline ad.

And yeah, this ad is really simple to create, but it's incredibly hard to master. So in this video, we're gonna go over why this ad creative format works so well. We're gonna go over some great examples of it, some bad examples of it, what they can do to possibly make it better, and some quick tips to get this ad creative format to work for your brand.

So first, why is this ad format important to know and master? This ad is the pinnacle of advertising outside of video and has been since the print era. And yes, in 2024, this still rings true today, even though it looks quite different to what was working back then.

Ogilvy said that on average, five times as many people read the headline as the body copy. So by the time you've written your headline or chosen the headline that you're gonna read with, you've already spent 80 cents out of the dollar. So if you can't nail it with a great headline, you're not gonna nail it at all.

In fact, let's take a look at Ogilvy's favorite ad that he ever wrote, this famed Rolls-Royce ad. He said that the more facts you tell about a product, the more you sell. And particularly, the more facts that you can tell about your product in a unique or interesting way or differentiators, these are going to be things that stand out in the minds of your consumer.

When he talked about this Rolls-Royce ad, he said that he gave nothing in there but facts, no adjectives or no gracious living. And I imagine gracious living to be kind of like the superfluous fluffy marking that we still sometimes see today. There are a few ways that I think about headlines today on social media.

Now in 2024, I think about this in two distinct ways. Number one, the reason why the headline can work so well is because it's actually the headline and your landing page is actually your body copy. This is also why I sometimes see long primary texts work really, really well, because it's helping to qualify that customer further.

And especially for you video lovers, I really do think of headlines like hooks. In fact, sometimes some of the best hooks from a video ad creative would make an excellent headline ad. Be sure to test that.

I actually mentioned this in a recent motion training that I gave, which yes, you guys can still sign up and see the replays for. If you're curious about how to find some of the best hooks and headlines for your ads, be sure to watch this recent video that I made. It's gonna give you 10 that are amazing.

The way I see it is that if you can create a good hook, then you're in business as an advertiser, especially in 2024. Now back to this headline ad. Now I actually use this as a way to test messaging and angles and hooks and headlines before sending some of that message to be made into a video or for creator content.

Now let's take a look at some more great examples of this. I particularly love this mot and bow example of the 90 degree t-shirt. And we know that this is working really well for them because this is messaging that they have iterated on to oblivion.

And many of these ads ran for almost 400 days. And what's cool is they tested this out, right? In a few different formats.

So they have the headline ad. They also have more of a bullet features call out style ad, which is another Ogilvy favorite format. And I think the thing that we can learn from this ad, and something that is really echoing a learning from Ogilvy, is this is presenting this information as a fact.

Like, hey, this t-shirt is going to beat the 90 degree heat. And especially because right now it is very hot in New York city. I know that this messaging is probably doing very well for them, particularly now.

I imagine they were able to find this messaging looking through some of the customer views. Maybe someone said that it was really a great sweat wicking or that they were in a climate that was really, really hot. And these were the only t-shirts that they were able to wear in 90 degree heat.

And then boom, the 90 degree t-shirt is born. Someone from Montenbeau slide into my DMs. Let me know if that assumption is correct.

This is a big difference to this ad creative that didn't work as well for them, right? The coolest shirts on planet earth. This is the example of what I think Ogilvy would call gracious living advertising, right?

Number one, the coolest shirts on earth. We understand that it's supposed to keep you cool in hot climates, but because it's the coolest, it's a little too superfluous. It doesn't really mean anything.

And then on planet earth, they might as well have just said the universe, right? Cause we don't really know, but it was too much of a superlative I'd say. Whereas being more specific in the 90 degree heat one was actually something that ended up working a lot better for them.

Now, another really great example that I want to look at are these array ads, deep, low and under one hour. Now, again, when looking at the 90 degree heat ad in this deep low and under one hour ad, and we're seeing the similarities, a few things that we can see right away. The use of numbers, the use of that specificity.

So I think one of the big learnings you guys can take from this video is, hey, how can I be more specific with what my product is? What facts can I tell about my product that are more enticing? The array one's really great, right?

Because it's showing a transformation. And again, they also tested out this headline in several different formats. Another indicator of why I assume that it's really, really working for them.

Cause you don't see brands testing this messaging unless it's working for them again and again. And it goes back to another learning, right? The more facts you tell, the more you sell.

I love that this one, particularly for array, is also showing a timeframe. That transformation in under one hour, it's almost unbelievable. Now I want to look at an example of one of these headline ads that didn't perform as well.

And we can see that it didn't perform as well cause it wasn't running as long, but it's this Beekman 1802 ad that says, I would sell my boyfriend for this, right? I have very, very sensitive skin. And right here is my holy grail.

And we can see they tried a few different variations for it. But again, it wasn't something that they ran for really more than 20 days, which is an indicator to me, hey, this probably isn't performing well for a brand. Now, why didn't this work?

When comparing this ad to the other two ads that were doing really well, yes, it is one of those seemingly golden nugget statements. Hey, I would sell my boyfriend for this. That really does stand out.

And it's leaning into a humor angle. But unfortunately, there's no real facts here about the product, which when we look at some of the ad creatives that ran for them for a longer period of time, like this potato peel milk facial, this one ran for over a hundred days, we see immediately a statistic, 91% saw that they had soft skin with no irritation. That's an example of a fact, right?

Because they must have done some sort of consumer trial study. This one I think is a really good example too, where, hey, we have these transformations. Five days to reveal youthful eyes, 5% hepapeptide, and five mushrooms.

But I actually think it's the five mushrooms that I think is so unique in skincare. It's definitely having a moment in drinkables and consumables, but it's not something I've seen translate to skincare yet, which is why, you know, we were able to see this ad run for over a hundred days. But the other one didn't quite have those same facts and figures and transformations.

While it was a really good impactful review, and if I was a brand and I got that review, I'd really like it. We can see that how, hey, hey, this might be a really good review, but it's not gonna translate to really good advertising. Now, here are some quick tips that I have for you to get the most performance out of this ad format.

Number one, do look into your golden nugget reviews. Now, if you guys have been watching my videos, number one, sound off in the comments, because I read them all and I appreciate them so much. But these are really important types of reviews, because these are the super special standout reviews.

And even though that Beekman 1802 ad was a really special review, it wasn't one that really told a transformative story. It wasn't one that really shared facts and figures. So try to find those reviews where people are really talking about the specificity of their transformation.

Did their transformation happen in a certain amount of time? How many failed attempts did they potentially have trying to find this transformation, right? Did they try out four, five, 50 other solutions before finding yours, which was so, so perfect for them?

That's definitely an experience that people are gonna be able to relate to and that's gonna stand out. And I also find that sometimes using people's age, especially if you're targeting an older demographic, to make sure to highlight people in that age group, that tends to help out quite a bit as well. And again, the thing I wanna underscore for these golden nugget reviews, sometimes these outlandish ones don't really work as well.

Another tip that I have, hopefully it's been nailed in by now, is of course, where can you be more specific with the facts that you are presenting? Again, age and time period and failed attempts are really good areas for you to lean into when trying to find more of that specificity messaging. Where can you put numbers in your ads?

I think statistics is really entry level. It's a really great place to start if you're trying to find more facts and figures to present in your ads, but take a step back, see how you can get more creative, like this Array ad, this Montenbeau ad, the Ogilvy ad, and of course, focus on that transformation. And that's it.

I would actually really love to create more of these deep dive on specific ad formats for you guys. So be sure to let me know in the comments if there's something that you'd like to see more of, and I will see you next week. I can't wait.

Bye.