What's up marketers? Today we're going to be looking over some great examples of TikTok ads. Now I know what you're thinking.

How do we know these are great TikTok ads? How does she know that they perform? Well, maybe, just maybe, I have access to some of these accounts and I actually know the performance, therefore I am showing you ads that are performing well.

Maybe. Or maybe I'm just showing you the ads that I found in TikTok Top Ads Library, which actually shows the ads that are getting the top percentage of conversions for their industry. Maybe.

And maybe at this point I just know a good ad when I see one. So let's go ahead and dive into these 10 or so ads and we'll do a little analysis together. So I actually just saw this ad on TikTok Top Ads Library.

And number one, I love this hook, the smashing of the egg. I actually think it wasn't super clear what it was at first and I was like, wait, no, is that an egg? Is it not an egg?

I don't know. This, I feel like, could have been a little bit better done. I always love a green screen effect.

But if you actually listen to his script for this, I'm like not convinced that Nectar actually sent him this mattress. I kind of think that they just had someone in a showroom do all of this and he just like filmed like some part of it as like a UGC creator. Uh, maybe not, but I'm skeptical.

Anyways, I still think it's a good ad. It has like all the hallmarks of good ad, good hook. They could change up the framings a little bit, but you know, this is a fun one.

Also use more green screens. I just see that working a lot right now. This ad by done.

This is kind of interesting. And this isn't like super traditional, you know, this isn't like the standard UGC single testimonial format that we always see. And I kind of like that.

That's cool. Let's watch that again. I feel like it could, the coloring could have been a little more obvious because when I see this, I'm not immediately seeing which one is right, which one is wrong.

But that's maybe why people are watching it because they're a little confused. I wouldn't opt for the confusion method, but this is something that's so simple. I don't know.

This is a fun one to try. Maybe you should try it too. Ah, this ad right here.

Let's take a look. Do you have a lot of random misses? Now what's so crazy.

This is an excellent hook, but what amazes me about this ad is like Hoover is doing TikTok ads now. Like, I mean, she looks great. And this is very oddly sassman.

I like this. I wish they would have made an ad that is them cleaning up all this random stuff. That would have made it.

I would have watched like 20 seconds of that. But I think this is so funny. Her like a little setup with like the Hoover and like all the cleaning products.

Like you can just tell some like creative directors like, oh, and you have to set it up like this and do it like this. And this screams corporate meddling. But I mean, it's still a pretty good TikTok ad, right?

But this little setup, no one's gonna do that. I don't like that. I'm not gonna show this Daily Harvest ad.

You guys have seen it in my videos ad nauseam. We all know it's a good performing ad. Let's watch this ISSA ad.

Ah, so a few things I really like about this hook. Number one, love this like split screen UGC effect. In one second, it immediately changes.

She's inside, then she's outside. And we also have really engaging texts want to become a personal trainer. This is immediately calling out to people who want to be a personal trainer.

So those people are going to sit through and watch this. Now this is really standard modular type of UGC format. And what I mean by that is we have a single testimonial that is then overlaid with tons of really engaging B-roll.

This is a super solid ad. 10 out of 10. 10 out of 10.

Okay, let's watch this other ISSA ad. Now I really love the use of these TikTok response bubbles. I find this to be really, really good on TikTok ads.

And it's especially good if you are working with a brand or product that maybe some people aren't super familiar with. So this is a really good way to be like, Hey, like, what is your product? And like, why should I sign up?

Why should it work for me? This is definitely one of their top performing ads. And I also just think the creator here, Sonia, she is super talented.

We've worked with her on a number of brands before and her content is always top notch. So way to go, Sonia. She's also just super engaging in this ad.

She has a lot of energy. I think one of the things that I have problems with the most with working with creators is they don't bring the energy. It feels like they're reading from a script.

They're not really invested in what they're doing. Sonia brings the heat every single time. We love that.

This ad right here, this is interesting. Now this ad has been running for Thrive Cosmetics forever. I just assume it's a top performing ad.

And right, like you've seen this on the channel before if you've watched my channel. This is a really great example of a before and after ad. And you can just see the value that you're getting from the product right away.

Now, what's interesting is I think that this brand actually saw the Thrive Cosmetics ad and did their own version. I actually think this version is better. So here they're doing the same similar before and after, but it's way more organic and it's way more TikTok and engaging.

So this is something that I feel like a creator could make. What's interesting is I think they're able to get across all the right information. You're really able to show the product and why you should buy it in under eight seconds.

Whereas this ad right up here is three times as long. So I mean, this one I assume is just working way better on TikTok, but it's essentially the same ad format, just a little bit more organic feeling, which is kind of cool. Ah, let's see this ad.

40 second one TikTok ad, let's go. Now I really like this hook. I actually think this reveal of the tattoo is really cool.

You immediately understand, oh, these are kind of like temporary tattoos. And I also think that this floral type of tattoo with this really dainty type of font. I mean, that is that girl, right?

Like you were really speaking to your target audience here. And what she's actually saying is, oh, I just feel like I couldn't commit. Like I'm always anxious about getting a tattoo because what if I don't like it after a year, blah, blah, blah.

She, this is the exact fear that these people have that would end up buying this product. So I feel like they've just done an excellent job of actually speaking to that innate fear and why someone would want to buy this. And you know, the rest of it's pretty standard UGC, but she's an attractive person.

She's showing all the cool different tattoos that she can get super hipstery. You know, this is just what I think is like a classic good performing TikTok ad in theory. I don't actually know for this one.

Ink box, reach out to me to let me know. Oh, this Lizzo ad. When I saw this ad for the first time, I was shook.

Watch it with me. Please do not demonetize me YouTube. But look, I'm looking at Lizzo.

She's looking great, but she's taking off her panties. How is she going to get her underwear out of this thing without undoing the thing? And she just rips it off.

My goodness. I mean, I was along for that ride. That was 15 seconds of my life watching Lizzo take off her underwear while wearing this amazing looking shapewear suit.

And like, that's how you hook people. I am dying to know what that conversation with the creative director and Lizzo looked like. Just like the creative director would be like, yeah, just stand there in your body suit and take off your underwear.

And we're going to use that as the hook. Like I am shook that she would actually do it, but like good on you Lizzo because this product is sold out nonstop. And I'm not just saying because of the hook, but partially, I mean the rest of it doesn't even matter.

No, she looks amazing. This thing is sold out. This is an excellent ad, but of course, like, let's not be ridiculous.

This is also a good performing ad because Lizzo is in it and she has tons of that brand recognition and she's a celebrity. You know, I don't always advocate for products and brands to have like celebrity spokespeople, but you know, this thing keeps selling out. Part of it is because Lizzo, but part of it because they are ruthless with their paid social ads.

Ah, this TikTok ad right here, 60 seconds long. It's pretty long for a TikTok ad. Let's go ahead.

She is cutting her hair. That is insane. Ah.

So what's kind of interesting here that I see happening is this is like a hook reel. It is hook after hook after hook. So we have some, we're starting with the most engaging hook.

Someone cutting off their hair and not just like a little bit of their hair. This is like two feet of hair. That's crazy.

And then we have nasty water coming out of her hair. We have thin bleached yellow hair and then we have red hair dyeing and then we have this super engaging split screen that you can actually tell the difference. It's like a really good before and after.

We have this before and after. We have this before and after and we have product revelation at like seconds 14. It's kind of crazy, but I actually think it works really, really well.

Rest of it is pretty standard testimonial. And you have a little quiz. Very good.

I think for products too that require some sort of higher price tag or subscription up front, I'm not sure about this product. But you know, you have to have a little bit more education and you have to have a lot of social proof, especially in the form of either before or afters or just like really engaging hooks. Yeah, I think this is solid.

It's long. I can't imagine that something like that long would work on TikTok, but I bet this works. I bet it crushes on Facebook too.

Ah, okay. And we have two ads by Tatcha here. Now these are both technically on top ads and I really believe that one of them performed way better than the other.

And we're going to go through these and I'm going to tell you why. So I'm going to go ahead and play both of them at the same time. Ah, okay.

So this one immediately, you know, we see really engaging text and font and it's all product usage, right? I think in terms of like the creators and how they shot this, I will say, I think this one, the lighting is a little bit muted. It seems a little more, um, like they were using fake lighting or they didn't really have good golden hour.

This one seems like she was actually using sunlight in it, even though it isn't super bright. Now, I think that this is the superior ad. It actually comes down a lot more to how you're positioning the product.

So this one you see, there's not much text. It's not really engaging, but it's showing a product, right? And you're showing product usage.

All good things. This one though really changes the angle. Color changing face mask.

Now for the millennial in me, this is really speaking to the days of mood rings. So I immediately am like, wait a minute, this is color changing face mask. I got to see this.

Okay. Starts off with sage green. I'm there.

I'm along for the ride. Then changes to red when you rub it in. You can actually see on half of her face.

I think that that is super, super engaging. And this is something that I'd actually potentially buy. I think that's really cool.

Now, if you're curious about the platform that I was using for this video, this is foreplay, which is a software that I use actually to save all of the ads that I want to retain and keep track of from tick tock top ads library, as well as Facebook ads library. So if you've ever had the problem where you've sent a link to a competitor ad to a client, or you've saved it because you wanted to keep track of that ad, and then you realize, lo and behold, oh, the ad no longer exists because they took it down or something like that. This literally makes that not a problem anymore.

And you can actually download MP4s of ads too. So I actually use this for my YouTube channel and a lot of the ads that pop up here and here on this channel. It's now all in a foreplay board that I send to my editor, which is awesome.

Now, this video is not sponsored by foreplay. I am friends with the founder Zach, and he does have an affiliate code for me that I'll put down below in case you guys want to check it out. But what's really cool is we use this at thesis, but I also use it so much for my personal brand and business that I just have my own ad account and it is 100% worth it.

I'm really a huge fan. So be sure to check it out. I think you can also get like a free month trial, check it out and try it.

Why not? Right? I think it's something that's like a must for creative strategists and media buyers.

And that is it. I will see you guys next week. And if you liked this type of video where I'm just really casually doing creative strategy reviews, let me know.

I'd love to do more of these for you guys and I'll see you guys next week. Bye.