What's up marketers? In today's video, I'm going to show you the best brands on Facebook ads in 2021. Now, obviously that statement is pretty subjective because I've never actually been in the ad accounts of these brands.

So I can't tell you how profitable they are yet. If you're one of these brands, call me. But what I'll actually be showing you today are the brands that I always return to, to check out their marketing, check out their user journey, and most importantly, check out what kind of creatives they're running on their Facebook ads.

So currently I am the director of growth at a leading advertising agency where I work with brands that are spending anywhere from 200k to $1.5 million per month on their ads. And the thing that I specifically do is help these brands out with their ad creative and most importantly, determine what type of ad types and creatives they should be testing next. And these are the brands that I always return to.

Now, first things first, a majority of the time when I am looking for these creatives, I'm actually looking at them inside a Facebook ads library, which you can also access at www.facebook.com slash ad slash library. But I do love an organic experience. So I make sure that a few times a month, I'm going to these brands websites, I'm checking out the user journey, and I'm also making sure to trigger a few events so that I can get retargeted with those ads on my actual social feeds.

Additionally, exciting news, TikTok has also launched their version of an ads library. So we're just waiting on you now, Snapchat. So let's go ahead and dive in.

Now, the first brand that I want to talk about is Olipop. Now, Olipop is one of my absolute favorite brands to watch for their Facebook ads creative. And I actually discovered this brand on Twitter.

And the reason why I love it is because they use a wide variety of strategies at any given time on their Facebook ads. They have a great balance of really curated and highly produced content. And they also mix that up with a lot of UGC and things that are really, really easy to recreate.

I actually feel like every time I go into their ads library, I see that they're testing tons of different new strategies that are wildly different from one another, which is actually giving them the best chance of success. If you think that testing your ads is just about testing one headline versus another headline or testing different pieces of copies or testing different types of UGC, then you're totally wrong. You're actually pigeonholing yourself into testing out just one type of creative, which is why Olipop does this super well.

They know that UGC works and it's the trend. So they're obviously leaning into that, but they're not ignoring the also big need for more highly produced creative. That's more eye catching and more aspirational.

Now, the next brand that I always check out is Doe Lashes. And Doe Lashes is actually another brand that I found on Twitter. So obviously if you're not on Twitter, that's the place to be.

Now, the thing that I love the most about Doe Lashes is their branding and their voice. And as far as their ad creative, they actually lean into a lot of TikTok trends, which is something I think is really cool. I particularly love this one.

Additionally, Jason Wong, who's the founder of Doe Lashes, actually published a study about which strategies help to grow Doe Lashes the most in 2020. And as far as ad creative, he actually said that this ad particular got the most profit out of the entire year and they ended up running it for like nine months, which is pretty insane. Now, the next brand that I want to talk about is Bollibody.

Now, Bollibody is my go-to for showcasing the different types of ways that you can create user-generated content. In the past, they've also done tons of TikTok style ads too, which is really cool. But something really neat that they've been doing lately is leaning a lot into whitelisting our branded partnership ads, which is my go-to strategy for 2021.

This is one of my favorite brands to show to new luxury entrepreneurs or in fashion apparel or even skincare or something, because Bollibody is a pretty aspirational brand. However, they almost get by completely on just using user-generated content. So there is a way to make UGC seem more luxury is what I'm trying to say here.

Now, next up is Magic Spoon. Now, Magic Spoon is the brand you need to follow if you are working in consumer product goods, especially in food. Now, I use their ad creative as mocks for several of my clients because they always create really good but simple looking content that always goes back to the core fundamentals of things that we know work well on Facebook ads, which are press hits, customer testimonials, and even answering to common customer objections.

Now, next up is Dr. Squatch. Now, this is a brand that I really like to check out on Facebook ads and Snapchat because they create really great native style content for both of these platforms.

And what Dr. Squatch does really well is the meme style of creative, which takes really engaging copy and places it at a bar even at the top or at the bottom of the ad creative. Now, another brand that I also really like to check out for their messaging is Bird Dogs, which is definitely in the same vein.

I actually think that if someone is shopping with Dr. Squatch, they're probably also shopping with Bird Dogs. So that's a whole other thing.

But again, their messaging here is super funny, super on brand. I always get a laugh when I'm going through and looking at their ads library. But another thing that I really like about Bird Dogs particularly is they have really great high production creative that has fabulous storytelling, which I'm normally not such a huge fan of for Facebook ads, but Bird Dogs tends to do really well.

So if I'm ever working with a client that wants to produce something that's a lot higher production value, then I will oftentimes show them Bird Dogs. And next up, we have Lunia, which is actually one of my favorite apparel brands. And what I love about their ads particularly is their messaging, but also their style of ad creative, which is really minimalist and really simple, and frankly, really easy to replicate.

Now, this is a brand that I often show to new advertisers or new entrepreneurs who are just getting started on the Facebook ads platform. And the reason why is because I think that this style of ad creative is one of the easiest things to start off with. All that you have to do is take an image or take a video and simply add a text overlay that has engaging messaging on it.

Oftentimes, this is the kind of creative that works the best for me, even with brands that are spending a lot more money on Facebook ads, but it's really accessible for new brands or entrepreneurs with lower budgets. Either way, it's definitely a brand you should watch for messaging. Next up, we have Curology.

Now, I have been a fan of Curology for years, but what's dope about their ad creative is how experimental they are when it comes to testing new ad designs. I think the thing that I like the most about them is they don't really complicate their design that much, but every time I hop into their ad account, I'm like, oh, that's a really interesting way that you could be communicating that value prop, or you could be creating a type of content that's engaging. And I see a lot of times what they do is they create content that's like nighttime skincare or how I do my skincare in the morning that feels something more that would be better for a blog post or a video, not exactly for ads, but they try to repurpose that content for ads, which I think is really cool.

And that's definitely where I see the industry moving more and more now is we don't want to create ads. We want to create content. And next up we have Lalo.

Now, Lalo is a brand that really knows how to balance high-end design aesthetic with user-generated content. Have you noticed a trend here? Now, one of my favorite strategies that they've been utilizing lately is Instagram stories style treatment of creative, but they're using that style treatment to actually showcase customer testimonials and press hits.

This is so simple, but super effective. Another thing that I've noticed that they started doing recently is whitelisting or branded partnership ads, which hint, hint, I'm not kidding about that strategy. It's definitely something you guys should be checking out more.

And next up we have the quality edit. Now, the quality edit is not actually a brand per se, but it's more or less a publication. And what they do is they actually partner with brands to create content for them.

And what I really love about their ad creative particularly is it's all super accessible and hinges almost entirely on user-generated content style of creative. They also use a lot of TikTok style creative and Instagram stories treatment in their creative, but it all feels really organic and really engaging. And I know they do a lot of whitelisting as well.

And I see a lot of brands partner with them so that they can do branded partnership ads as the quality edit. And like I said, it's a really good strategy. So I guess I had to create a video for that sometime soon.

And that's it. If you guys liked this video, please be sure to give it a like, subscribe. It really helps me and the YouTube algorithm.

And if I didn't mention the brand that you always look to for great ad creatives, be sure to let me know what they are in the comments below. Thanks guys. Bye.