What's up marketers? Today's video is going to be all about the best audience that you can target today on Facebook ads. And while there are a number of caveats to that statement, I still believe this to be a case even in a post iOS 14 world.

Now I actually got inspired to create this video because of one of your recent comments on an old video that I did that was all about the best audiences that you could target on Facebook ads. And I created this video about a year ago, which means that it is wildly outdated. Despite broad targeting being something that I've definitely talked about on this channel, I don't think I've ever gone into the super nitty gritty about why I think every single ad account should have at least one ad set targeting a broad audience, if not multiple ad sets.

Now the first thing that I want to address is what is broad targeting? Simply put, broad targeting or a broad ad set is a top of funnel or prospecting ad set that has little to no targeting. So essentially it doesn't have any lookalike targeting or interest targeting, and it's essentially targeting all of Facebook.

Yes, sometimes there are rough guidelines on age, gender, or even location. And yes, I would still include your normal audience exclusions here for prospecting like past purchasers or even certain website retargeting audiences. But for the most part, this is the Jesus take the wheel of audience targeting, which is allowing the algorithm to spend your money in the places where it thinks it's going to get the best results.

Now, before we dive in, I've spoken with countless media buyers and new business owners, and this idea of broad targeting always seems to stump them initially. And that's because it kind of seems counterintuitive. Like, why would you want to target all of Facebook, aka all of a certain country, when you could actually help Facebook by narrowing it down into interests that you know that your customers are already interested in?

Wouldn't that be more efficient? Wouldn't that help bring my costs down? And what about audience targeting?

Now be sure to stay around to the end of the video where I dive deeper into those questions. But right now I want to talk about the three reasons why every single ad account should be using broad targeting. And number one is Facebook is still smarter than you.

Yes, even after iOS 14. This is still the best audience or ad set out of a majority of the ad accounts that we have at Thesis. And this is because the real secret behind Facebook ads in 2021 is really just a combination of good creative and just telling Facebook what you want it to do.

There are no more hacks. This is why I always use a conversion campaign optimizing for purchases. And that's because I'm in the business of driving sales and revenue, not brand awareness, not traffic, and not even add to carts.

So when I see an ad account that prioritizes audience testing over creative testing, what I'm seeing is an ad account that is no longer following the best practices of Facebook ads in 2021. And that's because that's not how Facebook works anymore. To dive a little deeper into what we're actually seeing on the ground level at Thesis, I actually pulled some data that's going over the last 30 days of some of our clients' accounts and looking at the number of purchases that are coming out of broad audiences versus interests or lookalikes in our core scaling campaigns.

And what's interesting is in every single instance, the broad ad set was the one that had the most number of purchases coming out of them. And in several cases, it also represented the majority of all purchases that were coming out of the core scaling campaigns. As you can see from this table, purchases from broad ad sets account for over a third of all core scaling campaigns.

And in several cases, that ad set actually accounts for more than 50 or even 60%. Now, to be clear, this table is only showing core scaling campaigns, which only includes best performing creative. And I'm going to go into why exactly that is in number two.

So number two, broad targeting is literally the most scalable audience that you can have. And that's because Facebook is always going to be able to find more people that look like your buyers in that audience. With interest and lookalike targeting, in some ways, you're actually handicapping the algorithm because you're not allowing it to look outside certain parameters.

So by keeping broad targeting in your core scaling campaigns, you have an audience that is infinitely scalable as long as you keep on regularly injecting it with new best performing creative. So I know I've been talking mostly about the core scaling campaigns, but I know that many of you, especially the ones that watch all my videos, are wondering about creative testing. And yes, I always use broad targeting to test my creatives.

And the reason why we do that for creative testing is again about that scalability factor. We want to develop and strategize creative that has the best chance for scalability and reach. So by utilizing broad targeting in our creative testing campaigns, we are essentially training the algorithm to find our customers in the biggest swimming pool possible.

And we're forcing ourselves to develop creative that is more scalable and has a broader appeal. Now we do this because we know that if we have a truly scalable asset, then we can drop it into our core campaigns. And that's when we start audience testing with assets that we already know succeeded abroad level, which are going to make our ad dollars way more efficient.

Now, number three is a little bit more nuanced, but it's all about time and effort. And inside the agency, we're really seeing that our time is best spent strategizing and testing new creatives, not testing new audiences. Now, one of the small caveats I will say is that I am seeing short-term efficiencies by leaning a little bit more into lookalike and interest targeting in the later half of 2021.

But across the board, these tend to die out way more quickly than our broad ad sets that contain our best performing creative. And again, each of those lookalike and interest targeting ad sets always have our best performing creative. And overall, I'll say that it's really been that small mind shift change from focusing more on the creatives as opposed to focusing more on the audience testing that has really been a bigger unlock for my clients in a post iOS 14 world.

Now, before we wrap up, I want to quickly address some of the questions that I get from other media buyers and new business owners about broad targeting. And the first one is, should I give up audience testing altogether? Now, I feel like I've already answered this in this video, but I want to make it really clear that you should in no way give up on audience testing, but you should really be shifting your focus to testing more creatives, whether or not that's more iterative tasks or net new tests.

If you'd like to see the exact framework that I use at thesis for my creative testing, be sure to leave a comment down below. In short, I spend a bulk of my time testing creatives in this campaign and then dripping the winners into this core campaign, which is where I like to test some audiences every now and again with top performing creatives. Now, the next question is, is what if I have a low budget or I'm just starting off?

Should I still be testing my creatives with a broad ad set? Now, if you're spending less than 5k per month on your Facebook ads, I would probably actually have a slightly different strategy in this post iOS 14 world. And if you're interested in seeing that account build out, be sure to leave me a comment below and I can create that content for you within the coming weeks.

But suffice it to say that I would do a bit of a combination campaign where I would start off with some high quality audiences and a diverse amount of creative to get started. Then once you get some learnings, I would quickly move to a structure that looks like this as you begin to scale. And the last question I want to address is, does a broad audience always work better?

And to be truthful, not always, but it is always the most consistent, which is why I always use a broad ad set to test my creatives and why I always include it in my core scaling campaigns. And that is it. If you guys have any more questions about broad ad sets, broad targeting, please be sure to leave me a comment below.

And this one was fun. I'll see you guys next week. Later.

Bye.