If you want to scale on meta ads in 2025, then you need to master creator content, often referred to as UGC or user-generated content. Now, I've spent years analyzing what types of UGC and creator content actually moves the needle for brands. And I'm going to share everything that I know today because it looks a whole lot different than it did even last year.

So whether you're a creative strategist, a media buyer, or a creator looking for the inside scoop by the end of this video, you're going to learn everything that you need to know to make creative that converts on meta ads. Also, if you guys let me know in the comments what your brand niche or industry is, I'll suggest a few UGC formats and angles that I think could work for you. First thing I want to talk about, why is UGC still important in 2025?

Because to be honest, there's a lot of talk that UGC is dead. Here's the actual truth. It's actually one of the most profitable creative types that there is on meta ads.

In fact, in a recent analysis that I did across 20 brands, more than 50% of the creatives that were top performers were actually creator content. And for brands that were spending more than seven figures per month, that number was even higher. The other types of creative formats that we would see in these top performers would be things like founders' contents or high production concepts or even images.

So why does UGC content still dominate, right? Well, people still want authentic and intimate creative, but it's not as easy as it used to be. In fact, I used to hear all the time that the reason why UGC worked is because people want to hear from people.

They want to hear from people who look like them and could be their friends. They don't really feel the same draw to celebrities or to images. But honestly, the jig is up on that one.

People know about UGC content and that these people are likely getting paid to provide an endorsement. However, people still really trust creators who they like, who are authentic, and ultimately who they trust. That's why I'd say in 2025, you don't need UGC.

You need the right creators and the right formats to tell stories that they are already passionate about. Now let's discuss the recipe for UGC that converts. Now there are certain qualities that differentiate creator content that really moves the needle and the garbage that you can pay $50 for on a random website.

So let's break this down. What factors do you actually need to make this type of content work? Number one, a non-negotiable is an amazing hook.

And I'm not going to go super in depth here. I actually have a really great video that dives more into the hook, but I do want to talk about it a little bit. So your hook essentially has two main functions.

This is really important. Meta actually uses the content in your first three seconds to help deliver it to the right people. And number two, to stop your audience.

So yeah, this is actually something that I think is really important that a lot of newbies don't get. Your hook isn't just about your script and what you say. It can also be a visual hook.

Think about this, think about the beginning of this video. And this is also going to include your text overlay, which oftentimes can be different than what is actually being said on voiceover, if you have any voiceover at all. The second thing is going to be to make modular content.

So when I'm working with creators and I'm developing the script, I actually like to break down that script into what I call modular content. And these are essentially different parts of the script that can be swapped around and even used with different creators to make compilations. The core modules are going to be the hook, the problem agitator, the solution, features and benefits, social proof, and the call to action.

Let's break each one of these down. Number one is the hook, right? You want to be able to grab your desired audience immediately.

And then typically you're going to have a problem agitator right after this, right? So the right problem agitators are really going to deepen that relatability and also highlight more of the pain point. After that, you're typically going to have the solution introduction.

And this is where you're going to position your product or service as the thing that solves your pain or problem. And then you're going to be able to talk more about the product or service through a series of features and benefits. And then you're going to be able to end with a clear CTA and compelling action.

Now, the third factor in developing creative that converts is to find a great creator. And something that I actually always talk about with brands is if a creator can pass the sniff test or not. I've reviewed so many pieces of creator content now that I can tell if I want to work with a creator literally within the first three seconds of watching some of their footage.

And essentially what I'm looking for is a creator that really knows how to show up for their audience. Are they vulnerable? Are they aspirational?

And do I think that they can really show up enthusiastically for the brand? And I've actually found that working with creators, not UGC-ers, is actually way more effective right now in 2025. I know you've probably heard me use these terms interchangeably throughout this video.

And there's a reason for that. It's because I'm really trying to encourage the brands that I work with to develop creator content, not necessarily UGC content. And essentially the people I'm looking for are really enthusiastic about making content.

Maybe they are already making content about that specific industry or niche. And they're not just trying to make a quick buck. Because here's the reality about UGC creators.

You don't just need someone to hold up a product and recite something from a script. That type of content isn't really that successful anymore. Even when I think about the type of content that I make with brands when I am doing my own partnerships, I actually think, huh, can I actually enthusiastically and authentically make a recommendation for this product?

If yes, I might work with them. If no, then I absolutely won't work with them. So actually I'm going to share a little bit about how I think about this as a creator, right?

So I make content for this YouTube channel also over on Instagram. Be sure to follow me over there. I do quite a bit throughout the week.

But something that I always ask myself when I'm making a piece of content, especially a piece of content for a sponsor is not how can I make the most valuable piece of content for the sponsor? It's how can I make the most valuable piece of content that highlights the sponsor, but for my audience, I'm incredibly audience centric. And that's something that you should always think about as a creator, especially if you're making a piece of content for a brand that's in the UGC vein.

How can you make content that speaks to your audience uniquely? I actually have a pretty good example that I did recently right here. I'll be sure to link it out so you can take a closer look at it.

And number four, the final thing, right, for this recipe. Be sure to get as much dynamic B-roll as possible. Essentially get as many amazing pieces of content as you can, aside from the testimonial.

And one of my ways to do this instantaneously is to use Storyblocks. In my opinion, this is the best video stock provider to combine with your creator content. So I'm actually working with a skincare brand right now.

And recently I wanted to agitate the feeling of aging. And instead of working with several creators, I was able to find this content instantly on Storyblocks without hiring and without trying to learn a new AI solution. I've actually worked with a number of brands who cater to this 50 plus demographic.

And I have found this to be a really good way to inject age diversity when I need it the most. Storyblocks has millions of stock clips, templates, and image assets. And the best part is, is you're going to have full usage rates for all of the content, making it 100% legal to use, even for ads.

To get unlimited downloads for one flat rate, check out Storyblocks at storyblocks.com slash Dara Demi, or check out the link in the description. Dynamic Reroll doesn't just elevate visuals, it actually makes the creative feel more alive. Now let's talk about some of the top performing UGC angles and formats that you can use.

Sure, the hook is really important, but I also think the overall structure of the story you want to tell can have just as big of an impact and can also really help people, you know, not start from zero or not just start from the hook. And the reality is that different formats really do resonate with different audiences. And as a brand or agency, being able to test into these different formats can really unlock hidden pockets of growth in new audiences for you to tap into.

For example, a tutorial ad with a well-known creator might drive sales for a beauty brand's new product, while a problem solution ad could be perfect for a health-focused supplement brand looking to boost subscriptions. The key is to choose the right format and test widely to maximize your chances of success. In 2025, the meta ads algorithm really thrives on variety.

The platform rewards fresh, engaging, and unique content. So here are the formats that I'd highly suggest all brands test for their creator content. Number one, the problem solution.

This is like the OG one. This is El Classico. It's one of the most common pieces of creative content.

And I think it's because it's also one of the most scalable, especially when you think of the marketing journey funnel. And essentially what this format does is it begins with a problem and then positions your product or service as the solution to that problem. Next up, we have the tutorial.

This is a really common piece of educational content. And the reason why I really like using it is because it masquerades as organic content. It doesn't jump out and immediately say, hey, I'm an ad.

Essentially, these are how-to in nature. You are teaching users how to do something. This works really well for products that have a clear utility or even require certain instructions.

Next up is the review ad. This generally begins with a creator saying, this is my honest review of. I find that these are a really great way to build trust with your audience because it allows creators to more authentically tap into their own unique POV.

I'd also highly suggest that you have the creators address common questions or concerns or objections that you notice people have about your product or service. This allows for them to address those again in a way that feels more authentic. Next up, we have a comparison ad.

Now this can be brand versus brand or even brand versus something a little bit more obscure. This is really similar to a review, but essentially it's a review that compares two products or experiences to one another, which is really great for industries with obvious competitors like tech or beauty. To be honest, I don't see a ton of these, but I like these a whole lot.

Next up, I have to mention it, ugly ads. These often contain surprising visuals that stop the scroll and look like they have very, very low production quality. It's something that you and I could film if we were not creators.

Ugly ads embrace an unpolished raw style like handwritten post-it notes or one-take videos. They feel really authentic and stop viewers mid-scroll because they stand out amongst the onslaught of what brands think marketing should look like. The most common formats for ugly ads are of course post-it notes, but I also see the one-shot, one-take videos as well, which I would also define in this category.

Next up, day in the life or get ready with me's. This is essentially integrating a product or service into an everyday routine or a portion of your routine, which provides multiple touch points to showcase your brand naturally with a creator. I find that these either crush it or flop for certain brands, but to be honest, I think everyone should test it.

And then next up, we have educational content. This is really similar to tutorial content, but instead of trying to show users how to do something specifically, you're giving them knowledge. I would think of this more like listicle-based content, right?

I actually call these educational knowledge shares inside of my performance creative course, because essentially you're just trying to provide information. You're not trying to give a step-by-step guide or tutorial on how to do something. And then the next format is what I call a personal history angle.

In theory, this could be any type of creator content. However, I find that this storytelling format tends to connect and resonate a lot more emotionally by sharing more in-depth personal experiences. And then, of course, we can't forget about skits.

These are fun scripted scenarios that highlight the product in a unique way. And of course, these can be solo or have multiple characters. I actually think this is something that's underutilized in creator content is often it's very much a solo experience for the creator.

But when you can bring other people like family members or friends or partners into the content, I actually do see that really help to move the needle in terms of storytelling and even in terms of performance. Now, I know that some people would tell you that things like unboxings, before and afters, or even compilations should probably be considered a format like the ones I just showed you. But I found that these things don't actually do super well as standalone ads.

They can be, but I've actually seen them to be a lot more successful in combination with one of the other formats that we just talked about. And I know what you're thinking, how can you choose the right UGC format then for your brand or business? There are so many formats and angles and hooks.

Where do you begin? So here's what I'd recommend. If you're a brand new business, take stock of what other brands in your industries are doing.

But don't copy them and don't immediately assume it's working really well just because someone else is doing it. But it is really worth noting what other brands and businesses are doubling down on. Are there certain messaging points or even visuals that they seem to be using again and again?

That could be a learning that you could also learn. Also, don't neglect organic content insights. This goes for not only your competitors and what they seem to be doing on their Instagram and their TikTok, but also what you see working on your own organic socials.

It's really interesting. Actually, I recently asked this question on my Twitter and I saw a lot of people bringing up the fact that, hey, people are really under utilizing organic social. It's super, super important to make sure that you're spearheading that content organically and giving that same energy that you give to paid ads content.

Another consideration too, if you're a brand or business is consider letting the creator take the lead on the overall format and concept, especially if you're working with a creator who is really well versed in content creation and is someone that you really like, they probably know better than you how to reach the audience that you want to tap into, aka potentially their audience. Because the reality is too, if you force them to go line by line, script by script, word by word, the content's probably going to be s***. You have to give your creator some options and some room for them to really flourish in their creativity.

However, at the end of the day, a problem solution video is probably going to be your safest bet. This is ultimately where I would start and I know many brands and businesses have started and it's worked out really well for them. And also for what it's worth, my own content as a creator tends to be a lot more educational in nature, probably because I'm a business creator.

But I am actually the one who tends to pitch brands and what type of content or angle I want to make for them. And that's typically done after the deal is signed. But ultimately the mindset that you have when you're trying to choose which formats and angles is, you know, number one, you can't be afraid to experiment.

You're really going to have to test out multiple different angles and formats to see what truly resonates with your audience. And the more that you test, the closer you are to truly understanding what really resonates with your audience and what can unlock true scale. I think it's helpful to know too, that literally all brands go through it.

So get comfy. Now let's talk about how to analyze and optimize your UGC performance. Understanding the performance metrics behind your content is incredibly crucial to understanding why something's working and what you can do to improve it.

But to be honest, the metrics, aka the data alone doesn't tell the full story. So I actually like to think about analyzing UGC as a four-step process. Metrics, content, comparison, and feedback.

So let's talk about the numbers, the metrics, right? So when I'm analyzing UGC, I am typically looking at these data points. Number one, your spend, your CPA, and your purchases, maybe your ROAS.

These are going to be your primary metrics. These alone are going to tell you if an ad creative worked or did not work. Now I actually have a video that I did recently that went in depth how to analyze your Facebook ads performance.

That's definitely worth a watch if you want an in-depth guide. Now the other things I'm going to be looking at when analyzing creator content are going to be things like your hook rate. So we can actually measure how effective your hook is, which is awesome.

And this is essentially going to show you the percentage of viewers who watched the first three seconds of your ad. And this is a wildly, wildly important metric because if you can't capture someone's attention, then you've already lost. Second metric is the hold rate.

And this is essentially measuring the viewer retention throughout the rest of the ad. This is going to indicate if your storytelling and video editing is actually engaging enough to keep people watching. And then finally, your CTR or your click-through rate.

And this essentially just measures if people are interested enough by your ad to actually click through to your landing page. Now the way that I like to think about these is things like your spend, your CPA, your ROAS, your purchases. Those are your primary metrics, right?

They're going to tell you whether or not something is working or it's not. And then things like your hook rate, your hold rate, and your CTR, there's going to be storytelling metrics. Those are going to potentially explain why a creative is working or not working.

So for example, if you have a creative that's not working and you have low hook rates and low hold rates, then your creative isn't resonating and you need to go back to the drawing board. Or maybe you have high hook and hold rates, but a lower click-through rate. This could indicate actually that you're attracting the wrong audience or there isn't that much of your target audience available as it relates to that specific creative.

Or maybe a creative is really doing well for you and it has a high hook rate, then congratulations. You are reaching the right target demographic with your hook and you should probably develop more hooks that are similar to that in terms of visuals, voiceover, and messaging. Also, if you're wondering about what type of hook and hold rates your creative should be getting, I actually use a software called Varos that gives benchmarking data across different niches and industries on meta ads.

It's one of my favorite tools to use. Now the next part of the process is to actually look at your content, aka the creative that you develop. And here we're essentially going to be analyzing creative performance beyond the actual numbers, right?

So we're taking note about what type of messaging is really working here, about what type of visuals seem to be resonating. We're also going to determine, hey, is the reason why this is working or not because of the creator? What about the setting?

And how is the pacing and storytelling doing? Now, of course, when you're looking at pacing and storytelling, that can often be drawn to the hold rate. But for a lot of these, there's not going to be a one-to-one correlation between messaging to a specific data point, right?

You're actually just going to have to look at trends over time and determine, hey, does this seem to be resonating after a few tests or not? Another thing that I like to do is comparison. So this is essentially where you are taking stock of how your creative compares to others.

How I like to think about this initially is overall campaign performance in relation to those specific creatives. So when we're looking at the performance of the creative test, how does that compare to things overall? And then another thing that I like to consider is, okay, how does this creative then compare to top performers?

Is it actually within that band of, oh, this is a top performing creative or not? And then of course, I like to do a competitor analysis. Now this can be more qualitative in nature, like taking note of what types of messaging and creators and visuals they use in their ad creative and what they seem to be learning over time.

But again, you can also look at a platform like Veros to really understand more of that benchmarking data that you might be after. And then finally, something that I find a lot of people overlook is feedback. Do not overlook feedback.

Do not overlook the feedback that your users and customers and potential customers are giving you. So look at the ad comments. What are people saying?

What seems to be resonating? What do they love? What do they hate?

Look for reoccurring objections and common themes. And then there's also going to be insights from your customer service team. Are there frequent questions and concerns or comments that seem to be coming up over and over again?

And then in general, also just sourcing feedback from your other team members can be wildly important. So what type of patterns are your CX teams, your sales teams, and your marketing teams noticing that seems to be resonating on their end? It could be different from the data that you are seeing.

And it's important to know. So by combining all four of these steps, you can really begin to see a much fuller, more informed picture of how your ad creative is actually performing and what you can do to get even better performance. Now let's talk about the future of UGC and trends to watch beyond 2025.

But first, let's get cozy. Number one is the increased focus on authenticity. Candidly, audiences are becoming a lot savvier and they're losing trust in what I would call overly polished creative.

Moving forward, the most effective type of creative is going to be content that feels really raw, that feels really off the cuff, that really just feels like someone decided to press the record button and yap about what came to mind. It's essentially, it's about embracing imperfection to build genuine connection. And it's really interesting.

Actually, a number of months ago, I attended the Meta Agency Summit in New York. And the number one thing that they talked about was the need for authenticity and intimacy and creative. This actually beat out AI.

It was a close second AI was, which actually brings me to my next point. And number two is the AI integration and content and creative. Whether you like it or not, AI tools are going to play a really big role in the development of content.

Creators are going to be able to research faster, to script faster, and to even produce and edit their content faster. And candidly, the brands that lean into this do have a competitive edge. So my suggestion is to test them all out.

Heck, you can even make a transcript of this video and see what the AI would suggest for you in terms of what formats and scripts you should be using in your creative. However, I'd say don't rely all on creative. It's something that I see a lot on LinkedIn actually, is I can just tell when something was written entirely with AI.

Same for certain UGC scripts. Again, like if it's not passing the sniff test, if you're not adding in that genuine human element into it, it's going to fail. The third trend that I want to talk about is the rise of micro creators.

I think that smaller creators with highly engaged audiences are going to be more important with influencers that just have a ton of mass reach. It's a lot more about the personalized connection to a creator's community that actually enables them to sell. Sure, we can get a lot more eyeballs from working with some of the bigger influencers and even celebrities, but that does not always translate to sales.

In fact, sometimes it does the opposite. And that's why something I keep on backing into in 2025 is, you know, ultimately the follower count does not matter. It's more about the content and the community that truly matters.

Another thing I think we're going to see a lot of this year and in the coming years is UGC hybrid pieces of content. So what I think we're going to start seeing is creator content that actually interweaves more high production and more mediums. Thinking really outside of the box here, this could even include more pop-ups and meetups that brands are going to work with creators to produce and actually be at.

The hybrid approach will combine the authenticity of UGC with the polish of traditional advertising to create what could be the perfect mix. I think the brands that are going to see the most success are the ones that aren't afraid to be experimental and test things that make them feel a little uncomfortable. Maybe it's a new platform.

Maybe it's a format that's never been tested before. Maybe it's a creator that rises eyebrows. Ultimately, a big lesson that I feel like I have to have again and again is the true creator content that converts is one that doesn't copy or one that is iterating itself into oblivion.

It's truly unique and prioritizes connection over perfection. Ultimately, I think the key takeaway for this video, and we covered a lot today, is that creator content is essentially just platform content. It's what the platforms become.

So if we even think back to, you know, 10 years ago, what Facebook was like and what Instagram was like, it's changed so much. And in order for you to really develop the type of content that's going to convert, that's going to sell, you really do have to follow the platform's journey and be along for that ride. Now, I want to hear from you.

I'm curious to get your feedback on this video and which strategies and formats you guys are most excited to test or even your biggest takeaway. I want it all. Let me know in the comments.

I'd love to start that conversation. And of course, if you found this video helpful, please be sure to give me a like and subscribe. Those small actions really, really do help me out a ton.

And I am determined to get 100k this year, y'all. It is happening. So you