Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to show you the most powerful lookalike audience you can use on Facebook ads. And no, it's not just based on purchasers.

I've generated over a million dollars in revenue using this exact strategy. So if you're having a hard time getting a high ROAS out of your Facebook ads account, or maybe your results aren't very consistent, you need to test out this audience. And this audience is what us advertisers call a super lookalike audience.

You'll see this as super LAL in my account. And simply what this means is that you're using multiple lookalike audiences in a single ad set. But we're not done yet.

You can't just throw every single lookalike audience you have into a super lookalike audience and expect great results. You have to be way more strategic. So this depends on what kind of data you actually have currently on your Facebook ads account.

And depending on that data is actually what kind of super lookalike audience you should create first. Essentially, there are two kinds of advertisers on Facebook. Those who know what kind of audiences and targeting work for them, and those who don't.

So people who are most likely new to the platform and have a brand new pixel. But if you're brand new to Facebook ads, and you don't know what lookalike audiences are going to be best for you, you can still use super lookalikes. So what you're going to do is you're actually going to create a lookalike based off the most important actions that people can take from your site.

So these are the lookalike audiences that I would include a 1% lookalike based on a custom list of all of your purchasers, you can export this in Shopify, a 1% pixel purchase of 180 days, and a 1% pixel purchase of new customers that have converted within the last 30 days, and a 1% lookalike of the top 25% of visitors. And this is actually measuring time spent on site. So it's the top 25% of people who've spent the most amount of time on your website.

And if the brand has a super engaged audience on Instagram, I'll also include a 1% lookalike at that. The reason why this works so well is because you're compiling super valuable data and giving Facebook multiple reference points to find your customers. If you're just using one lookalike that's based on one variable, Facebook is likely going to get you a few conversions and then die off after a few days or weeks.

Super lookalikes, on the other hand, compile all these valuable people into one place, which allows the algorithm to find your customer a lot easier and with a lot more consistent results. And for those people that have had experience with Facebook ads, have done lots of testing of lookalikes, and you know which ones have performed best for you in the past, simply put all of your best performing lookalike audiences into a super lookalike audience. Even include those lookalikes that may have performed well for you and then tanked after a number of weeks or days.

So your website lookalikes, your social engagement lookalikes, and of course are those valuable purchaser lookalikes. Really anything that's gotten you good results, put those into the super lookalike audience. And that's it.

I actually love this strategy and I use it all the time. I just find that it's so much easier with these bigger audiences to get much more consistent and scalable results. So if you like this strategy and video, do me a favor and give me a like so that we can let YouTube know that you want me to keep on creating this kind of content.

Also guys, I'm super active in the comment section. Be sure to ask me any kind of Facebook ads related questions you have and I'd like to help you out and see what's going on. And that's all I got.

See ya. Bye!