Why do some brands crush it on meta ads while others struggle to survive? The secret all comes down to making ad creative that truly speaks to your customers' deepest psychological desires. So in this video, I'm actually going to break down the 16 human desires, core motivators that truly motivate every single decision we make.

Plus, we're going to look at examples for all 16 of these so that you can learn how to make ad creative that converts. So what are the 16 human desires? This concept comes from an Ohio State University professor named Stephen Rice who wrote the book Who Am I?

And he discovered that these 16 desires are universal motivators. And essentially, they motivate every single decision we make from how we live our lives and even what we buy. Each desire represents a core human need, like the need for acceptance or curiosity or power.

Now, while we all share these same desires, they obviously show up in each of our lives very differently. And that's why understanding them, especially for your customer, is so wildly powerful in advertising. Now, before we dive into all 16 human desires with examples, I want to give a shout out to our sponsor for today's video, Particle.

This is a tool that I use almost daily now. Particle gives you access to real-time sales, pricing, and sentiment data from some of the world's top brands. See, the frustrating thing with ads library and just doing customer research in general is like we actually have no idea how these brands performed until now.

With Particle, you can see actual revenue data down to the product level. And me and a number of my friends have compared this data to brands that we actually have access to. And honestly, I'm shocked at how accurate the data is.

And Particle has two new features that I'm really excited to share with you. Number one is the marketing asset library. Here, you can get a snapshot of their marketing assets from their emails, website and landing pages to even their social media.

And the second one is the new events tab. Here, you can view everything from their site-wide disc towns to their new product launches and even their variant restocks. So it's December now.

We're just exiting cyber season. And it's been really insightful to be able to look at competitors and see when they actually started running their Black Friday sales. If they coincided with a new product launch, just kind of a data really gives me the feeling that I can produce actual competitive strategies for the brands that I work with.

So if you work at a brand or an agency, this is a real no-brainer for competitor research. All right, let's do this. Let's look at all 16 human desires with examples.

Number one is acceptance. And this is essentially the need to be appreciated and accepted for who we truly are. So ads that often lean into this are showing community and belonging.

For example, Dove's Real Beauty campaign gave people this feeling of acceptance despite the type of people and standards that they saw in the media. Another way you can do this is like hex clad here by showing certain numbers of social proof. I really like this big number.

And then it's saying, hey, for home cooks just like you, it's making them feel like they are really part of that massive community. I also really like this example with Mott and Boat. Now, what's interesting here is they are also leaning into that family angle.

Just even mentioning family can sometimes trigger up those feelings of emotions for your family. But I'd argue to say that this one is actually a little bit more into feeling accepted by your family because it's showing, hey, my family always dresses up at these family gatherings and now I feel like I belong. And number two is curiosity.

Now, I see this one as a little bit twofold. Number one, there's a universal need to seek knowledge and to learn this pursuit of knowledge, so to speak. And number two, I'd say that there is also this innate drive in humans when our curiosity is piqued or we're intrigued about something.

Now, I think this ad from The Hustle really speaks overtly to becoming smarter and well-informed. But you could also just make your audience curious about you. That is also tapping into that Haman desire.

And number three is eating. This is simply the need for food. I actually like to consider this one like the Anthony Bourdain of desires.

He had a great drive to experience culture and togetherness and community through food and drinking. I personally like to think that breaking bread and giving cheers is a core human desire. Even if it tends to look different from person to person.

Now, I think nearly any brand that has to deal with food or drinking can, you know, very legitimately tap into this human desire. I think this is also a great example by Kolkata Chai by really using the act of tea and chai as the way to feel community. And next one is family.

This is a really, really big one. And essentially, this is our need to provide for and also protect our loved ones. Historically, we saw this type of messaging for insurance companies and even the automobile industry, which really leaned into safety and protecting our family at all costs.

Interestingly enough, moving into 2025, I actually see brands like Cuts and True Classics constantly referring to their families. And I think that's ultimately because they know who their customer is. They're family-oriented people.

So it makes sense why they want to tap into that human desire. Next one up is honor. This is essentially the need to stay faithful to old values and traditions.

I'd say this is most often used with brands that have deep cultural or even religious ties. I think some people are really acutely driven by honor. And you can often trigger this desire by even just bringing up the act of a religious habit.

I actually think a really good way to see this one in action is to look at this comparison across a few of live transcribes ads. These first two ads that talk about people who are having trouble following conversation, that's actually leaning more into the acceptance human desire. But once they mention going to church, that's actually tapping into something that feels a little bit more like honor, right?

Because they're saying, hey, it's not that I just wanted to gossip or hear this frivolous conversation. I wanted to hear the sermons at church. It really frames who this customer is a lot more, right?

Another great way to see this type of desire in action, too, is through the use of patriotism, like this ad. Next one up is idealism, which is pretty similar, right? This is essentially the need for social justice or making the world a better place.

Brands like Patagonia thrive here. They're really trying to inspire action as well as environmental causes. I think another great way to frame this human desire, too, is about doing the right thing.

The next human desire is independence. And this essentially is our desire to not only be unique, but also to be self-sufficient. So brands like Harley Davidson that really lean into independence and are also a little bit counterculture lean into this type of human desire.

This is essentially for customers who really value their freedom, but not in like a patriotic kind of way, you know what I mean? A really great example of this type of desire is actually this Stepful ad. Now this ad is actually, again, bringing up that family role.

But what they're actually trying to get at is, hey, this is something that I wanted to do for me as the individual, which is actually leaning a lot more into independence instead of more of the family desire. Next up is order or the need for structure and predictability. I like to consider this one the Marie Kondo of desires.

I personally feel like I get this one in sprints. It's definitely not an all the time kind of thing. For this one, think of home organization brands like the Container Store, which promise to bring organization to chaotic spaces.

I really like this Quiet Town example. Oh, yep, there's a spot for that. And I also think a lot of brands lean into this particular desire, especially coming up on the new year with the idea of getting more organized and having more processes, yada yada.

Next up is physical activity. I would say that some people definitely have this human desire more than others, right? But it's essentially the need to exercise the body.

And fitness brands are obviously masters of tapping into this type of thing, like Peloton, SoulCycle, even Nike. The thing that I like about this desire, right, is I think it can also be pretty aspirational, kind of like this true classic example. The number one T for guys who lift, well, it can actually be for guys who lift or guys who want to lift or want to lift more.

And the next one is power. Now, this one is actually more about the power to control your own outcomes as opposed to, you know, insert a picture of Trump here. Ads for financial services or luxury cars often appeal to this desire by showcasing success and influence.

I actually think Obvi too does a really good job at leaning into this power desire, right? They use language like take control of your weight or 90 days to get your life back. It's actually more about empowering your consumer and making them feel like they have the tools they need to succeed.

That's really what power is. And the next one is romance, which is the need for love, connection, and obviously sex. Unsurprisingly, perfume and jewelry brands lean heavily into this human desire.

But another brand that often does too, especially in their meta ads, is Dr. Squatch. They're really trying to appeal to men in relationships or men who want to be in relationships or even the girlfriends.

Next up is what I would call a real old school human desire, which is saving. And essentially, this is the need to preserve or accumulate resources. So ads for saving apps or even budget friendly brands really tap into this human desire.

HexCloud again, I think we did a really good job here. Now, of course, I would say, you know, every time you use a discount, that's not going to be appealing to the saving human desire. But the reason why I think HexCloud did it really well here is because they actually broke everything down step by step.

And they were really appealing to that person who was way more cost conscious. I think Ilya did a really good job with this one too, by tapping into people's need to not want to waste money. And then we have social contact.

This is simply the need for our relationships with others, mostly friends. And I think sometimes just even referring to those core relationships can trigger this emotion. I really love this example by Thrive Cosmetics because referring to this woman's girlfriends is actually doing a few things.

Number one, it's absolutely tapping in to that need for social contact, but it's also a little bit of social proof, right? And that innately, when we're talking about word of mouth marketing, feels quite a bit more authentic and natural. Similar to social contact is the next human desire of social status.

And this is the need for significance or prestige. I'd say this is pretty similar to the power human desire, but it is a little different. Unsurprisingly, luxury fashion brands very often lean into this type of human desire by saying, hey, our products will elevate your status.

When I think of this human desire, my mind automatically goes to magazine print ads of the 90s. All right, and the next one, is tranquility. This is essentially the need for peace and calm.

Unsurprisingly, wellness brands very often tap into this type of desire, promising relief from anxiety or fear or stress. And I actually created an ad recently that centered in on this core desire that ended up spending over $2 million on meta ads with a three ROAS, so really do not discount this desire. The brand loop very often leans into this desire.

And the final one is vengeance. And God, I love that this is a desire that is spelled out. This is essentially the need to right a wrong or the need to protect or assert yourself.

It's the need to get revenge. Whenever I think about this human desire in advertising, the number one thing that my mind goes to is like when Wendy would clap back at people on Twitter. But I think a really good way to tap into this human desire is to actually ask yourself the question, who is the enemy?

The enemy can come in all different shapes and sizes, right? But if you name the enemy, like hangovers, and position your ad like this, this actually is tapping in a little bit into that vengeance desire, right? Because you're naming the enemy.

I found another really great example of this actually when I was watching Alex Garcia's recent reel about Mudwater. And what's interesting is Mudwater, the brand, actually made coffee the enemy, right? And position their entire brand around that sort of vengeance.

So that's all 16 of the human desires. But unsurprisingly, right, there are some that are more common in advertising than others. In fact, there are five that I find to be the most effective on meta ads.

And if you're not really sure where to start, these five are probably going to be the first places that you're going to want to try for your brand, as long as it's really applicable to your audience. Things unsurprisingly like romance and family, social connection and acceptance, and of course, power. Now, the number one question that I get when I talk about the human desires is, okay, which human desire is right for my brand or for this industry?

I think that some people automatically discount some desires when they shouldn't. They just need to think a little bit more creatively about it. So for everyone who comments on this YouTube video, I promise to respond with the human desires that I think would be best for your brand.

Now, my POV on this is, again, the answer isn't immediately obvious. It depends a ton on your audience, your product, and the emotional triggers that resonate the most with your customers. So let's break this down into a simple process that you can use.

Number one, think about your ideal customer and think about what stage of life they're in. What are the challenges or goals that are top of mind right now? For example, if you're selling fitness equipment, right, they're probably going to value power or physical activity.

And if you're selling jewelry, acceptance or romance is probably going to be a little bit more relevant. The next question you should ask yourself is, what emotional outcome does my product deliver? Is it about creating a sense of belonging, ultimately?

Offering peace of mind? Helping someone stand out? All of these outcomes are tied directly to the core human desires.

And ultimately, this is where the magic happens. Do not be afraid to think outside the box. For example, if you're running ads for a coffee subscription, you might just think that it's all about eating, but you could frame it around social connection, like habit tea, and showcase drinking tea with friends or getting to know people on a deeper level, or even tranquility by showing it more as a morning ritual.

And of course, tools like ChatGBT can make brainstorming and this process even easier. You can simply describe your product and ask ChatGBT which human desire they think is going to be most impactful for your audience. Or you can go even further by uploading a CSV of your reviews and asking which of the 16 human desires would be most effective in an advertisement.

All right, that's it. If you found this helpful, be sure to hit subscribe and follow me so that I can show you even more ways to make money with your advertising. I'll see you next week.

Bye!