Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to be talking about the six kinds of Facebook ad formats that you can use in your campaigns, particularly the ones that have made me a lot of money. So be sure to watch to the end of the video where I show you which formats always get me the highest ROAS.

So a quick overview, there are six types of formats that you can use on your Facebook ads. There's single image, single video, carousel, slideshow, collection ads, and Instagram stories. So once you've created your ad set, you're going to be taken to the ad section of your Facebook ads manager.

And this is where you're going to create your actual ads. And under format, you're going to see that you have the choice between three different options, single image or video, carousel or collection. So single image or single video is pretty self-explanatory.

You can choose between having a single image or a single video as the ad creative. This is a really common format and you probably see it all the time in your feed. Another common format you guys have probably seen are carousels.

This allows you to choose up to 10 images, videos, or slideshows and places them in a carousel format so they can click through the different slides. And I love using these because Facebook actually optimizes on whichever slide is performing the best. So this means that if slide four is getting the most engagement, that Facebook will actually start sewing that slide first.

Collection ads actually show a hero image or video at the top and then four products below. It also opens up into an instant experience that's going to show you more of the products from the catalog. And if you actually want to create a slideshow, I know this option isn't here, but what you're going to do is you're going to click on single image or video and then you're going to see the option to make a slideshow of your images.

This is a great option to have if you don't have any video. And what I like to do is take the best performers from organic social media, put them into a slideshow, and then use that in my ads. And if you haven't noticed, there's no option for Instagram creative, but I have a workaround for that.

What you're going to do is you're going to create an Instagram stories only ad set, and then you're going to select single image or video in the ad section. I love doing this because Instagram stories are super engaging and they're actually a lot cheaper than the feed. And I'm going to be honest, at some point guys, you're going to need to test out all of these.

But my tried and true formats that I always see working over and over again are video, carousel, and Instagram stories. Sure, I've gotten really great results from using just images, but nothing beats out video. And like I said, if you don't have any video, be sure to try a slideshow ad.

My particular favorite though is Instagram stories Pacific Creative, and it's something that I recommend to all of my clients. Because like I said, it's super engaging, but also the CPMs are a lot lower. So you're going to be able to reach a lot more people for less money.

Carousels are also hugely successful because Facebook is allowed to optimize for the first slide. And because people are allowed to swipe through all the different images. Okay, guys, and that's it.

Since you guys are still here, that tells me that you're super committed to learning about Facebook ads. And I want people like you in my community. So be sure to hit the subscribe and like button because those little actions actually help me out a lot.

And as always, I'm super active in the comments section. So be sure to ask me any questions that you have about Facebook ads, no matter how big or small, and I'd be happy to help you out. Okay, that's it.

See ya!