These are the only two meta ad creatives that brands need for this year's Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and two additional ad formats that crushed it last year for those of you that want a little bit of easy extra credit. Also, be sure to stay to the end of this video where I'm going to share some really interesting Black Friday, Cyber Monday data from Particle, like what percentage of online stores are doing early discounts and even what type of offers they're currently running. Really interesting stuff.

Not sponsored, by the way. I actually just want to share with you guys the exact same data that I'm sharing with my teams. What's up, marketers?

One of the biggest mistakes that I see brands make is actually testing too much creative specifically for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. The reality is, is that this time of year is actually not for creative testing, at least not in the same way that we normally do throughout the rest of the year. Q4 is really about doubling down on all the great creative learnings that you made throughout the rest of the year.

So here are the only two ad creatives that you need for this year's Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And the first one is the offer image static. And this one is very simple, folks.

So don't get mad at me, but I am going to share some more golden nuggets with you here. So just give me a second. The reason why this ad creative works is because it's so simple by design.

To be honest, this is the only time of year where people are actually scrolling their social media feeds, looking for those deals with their credit cards already out. So don't make them look so hard. Keep it simple.

And here are a few of my favorites from last year. I actually really love this Aloe Yoga test because they have some images with people in them that are still really simple, but then they also have some that just show the offer front and center with their logo. So try doing some of those tests, make some of those offer image statics with people using your product, some with just the product and some with just the offer.

For the last four years running, these have always been top performers. Also, do you guys remember that last year I ranked all the Black Friday, Cyber Monday ads that I saw in a tier list for you? A lot of you actually really, really liked that video.

So let me know if you want me to do it again this year. Now I have seen a number of brands starting their Black Friday, Cyber Monday offers early. Here are a few of those offer image statics that I've seen so far.

And there's actually a brand that I'm following really closely right now because I think that they have amazing offers this time of year. Every few days, they have a new gift with purchase offer at a certain threshold of spend, which I think is so, so smart. They had a tea kettle recently that I almost purchased.

I'm sure you guys are following along with some of your favorite brands. If you have some brands that you're currently tracking for their Black Friday, Cyber Monday offers from the marketer's perspective, be sure to let us know in the comments or slide in my DMs. And number two, people always get a little funny when I say this one, your top performing evergreen ads.

Do not turn them off. I feel like this is something that used to happen three, four years ago, where every time Black Friday, Cyber Monday came around, people would actually turn off all of their evergreen ads and flip on the Black Friday, Cyber Monday ads. I know we're all experts around here, especially if you're watching my channel and you probably know at this point to keep your evergreen ad creatives running, but this is just my disclaimer to continue to do that.

These things continue to perform throughout Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And I would actually approach this in a few different ways. So number one, keep your top performing ad creatives on.

Don't do anything with them. Just keep them there. And then what I would also do is I would take a look at your top 10 to 15 ads throughout the rest of the year and add headline bars or dot wax or stickers that showcase your Black Friday, Cyber Monday offer.

And I would also put that offer in the copy. So yeah, you're going to have a few duplicates, right? You're going to have some of your actual evergreen creative and then your doctored evergreen creative that has your offer actually on it.

A combination of these tends to produce the best results. Another iteration too, that I would do here specifically with your top performing image creatives is if your product or brand is applicable to a gifting angle, this is where I would slide in some of that gifting messaging. But a flag that I want to make is gifting messaging is most effective when you start running that language in late September, early October.

By the time mid-November rolls around, sometimes that's a little too late to really get the most juice from that squeeze. Does that make sense? And I have another interesting angle that my creative strategist friend, Eric Filippo shared with me about a gift for yourself angle that he says is working really well.

So if you don't have a traditional gifting angle that tends to work for your brand, maybe try that one out. Now let's get into those extra credit ad creatives. Okay.

This one I love because I actually bet against it in last year's tier list. I hated this ad and like good karma always does a few weeks after I posted that, the person who was working on that account. Let me know on Twitter that it was actually some of their top performing ad creative.

And it's simply this warehouse shot, right? Showing the actual palettes and the behind the scenes aspect of people packing your orders. I just think people love the behind the scenes of their favorite brands or just really any brand.

I just hit my hand against this computer. But this is definitely one that I'd be like, yeah, I don't even see your brand name. I don't see your product.

How do I even know what I'm buying? But when I step back and think about it, like people aren't just experiencing the ad like this, right? They are experiencing it with your name above on Instagram and on Facebook.

So there's already a bit of that logo brand awareness action going on there. So if they already familiar with your brand, which they should be, you're going to get a lot of returning and retargeting customers around this time of year. You know, they're going to see that and get excited.

So definitely one I would test. And the final one, this is one that I've been running for like the last five years. And I always make sure to have a few of these on deck.

They do perform pretty well every single year is UGC from the founder style ads. What I mean by that is their founder ads, but shot from an iPhone. And essentially this is going to be like Steven from cuts being like, Hey, you know what?

Our offer is ready to go. Zach from hollow socks slash homestead also did this one last year in the warehouse, which is a really great combination of both of those strategies. But seriously, this is one that is really, really simple for founders to do.

And just kind of gives a little bit more of that, like intimacy connection while, you know, during the chaos of black Friday, cyber Monday, just be sure that that offer is really front and center, but like a headline bar or a dot whack or like some text overlay so that you're not wasting people's time. Now let's get into this really interesting particle data. I feel like particle has taken the DTC world by storm because we're actually able to see real revenue numbers with this product, right?

But they also have an amazing newsletter again, not sponsored, but they dropped some of these golden nuggets in their newsletters at least recently, which is the fact that almost 28% of brands have already begun launching their early offers, which is really similar to what happened last year. And they're also tracking the type of percentage discounts that brands are doing for their early activations, as well as what they were doing during actual black Friday, cyber Monday, which I thought was just so interesting. And, you know, a really big thing that I have been talking about with brands, especially the brands that I work with about how to really capitalize on the season is to a few different strategies, right?

Of course we want to have the discount offers, but we're also doing special bundles so that we can get those higher AOVs. We're also doing special product launches that are restricted to this time of year that we've known worked in the past few years. So when I think about this time of year, I'm not really just thinking about, oh yeah, we got to give them a 30%, 40% discount.

I'm thinking, how can we have a special product that can really drive a lot of that interest in a lot of those sales for people who are maybe a little bit on the fence and also get the LTV up for a lot of our reoccurring customers. And also how can we incentivize a gift with purchase for new customers to get more people through the door? I really like thinking about how to make the deal sweeter, not just through a discount at this time of year.

And I really encourage a lot of you guys to think that way as well. And that's it. I hope you guys are gearing up for a really fun and really successful black Friday, cyber Monday season.

I used to vlog black Friday back in the day. I know that many of you are still following me from that era. I'm probably not going to do it again, but seriously, if you want me to do the black Friday ads ranking in a tearless, I'd be super happy to do that for you guys.

That was really fun. All right. I'll see you next week.

Bye.