What's up, marketers? In today's video, I'm going to talk about the five biggest mistakes I've made as a media buyer. Now, this is going to include actual mistakes I've made on real client accounts, what I learned from them, and more importantly, how you can avoid them.

But I'm also going to talk a little bit about some of the mistakes I feel like I've made with my career. So let's dive in. Now, the first mistake I want to talk about is not QAing a campaign before launching it.

Yep, not only have I done this before, but I've also seen a lot of media buyers throw caution to the wind and not checking over their campaigns or ads before launching. Now, something that happened to me pretty early in my career was that I accidentally added an additional zero to my client's $1,000 a day budget, making it $10,000 a day. Now, nothing bad actually happened because the client caught it, but it was really embarrassing for me and I did have to work really hard to get that client to trust me again.

So now every time I launch a campaign or a set of ads, I always do this really quick QA. First, I start at the ad level where I make sure that I have the right UTMs, that I'm driving traffic to the right link or landing page, and that there are no typos in my ad copy. And then at the ad set level, I double check to make sure I'm targeting the right country, that I have the right exclusions, that I'm operating under the right attribution window, and that I'm optimizing for the right conversion event.

And then I always do a high level glance at the campaign and of course, the budget. Now, I can't tell you how many mistakes I find almost every single day by taking an extra five minutes out of my day to do this quick QA. So I really implore you all to get your own QA system in place before launching those campaigns.

The next mistake I want to talk about is not analyzing the breakdown data of my campaigns. Now, what I mean by this is I wasn't routinely looking at Facebook's breakdown data. So I wasn't checking out where Facebook was actually spending my money and more importantly, where those purchases were coming from across these three breakdowns.

Placements. So this includes Instagram feed, Facebook feed, stories, right column. And secondly, there's also age and three countries, which is applicable in some cases.

Now, this data is not only going to tell you a lot about who your customer is, but it's also going to show you exactly where your money is being spent. And ultimately, it's a good check to make sure that Facebook is actually spending your money in the right place. Nowadays, I look at this breakdown data almost every single day.

But even recently, I made a mistake on an account where I didn't catch that Facebook was inefficiently spending money and bad placements on one of my accounts. So in one of my accounts, results were actually going down and I was kind of stumped as to what was happening. But one of my colleagues took a look at where the money was being spent on my placements.

And we realized that we actually needed to take that specific ad set off of automatic placements. Now, with all of that said, with the iOS 14 and ATT prompt looming, Facebook actually says that they are going to be phasing out breakdown data specifically for things like placement in age, which are the most important ones to me. So I don't know to be determined on this one.

This is actually probably the thing I'm most upset about when it comes to iOS 14. Now, the third biggest mistake I've made as a media buyer is being too risk averse, especially as it comes to scaling. So early on in my career, I actually worked with a client that wanted to scale really rapidly.

And I actually got in the way of him scaling because I was being too risk averse about the process. Now, what's funny is that I work with a lot of clients who are scaling rapidly or who are spending more than a million dollars per month on ads. But in order for me to get to where I am now, I had to really heal my own money wounds.

Now, I know that many of you watching my channel are business owners who are running their own Facebook ads. And one of the biggest questions I get from you is how do I scale? And the best way for you to scale is to simply increase your budget.

A lot of people think that there is some best practice manicured process to scaling on Facebook ads. And the truth is that there really isn't. There are always, always going to be good and bad days on paid social.

You need to learn how to weather those bad days without reducing your ad spend or turning off all your ads, especially in our iOS 14 pending world where ads manager is going to be a lot less reliable. You're going to have to learn how to not be as impulsive as you have a bad day or two on the platform. Now, the fourth biggest mistake I've made as a media buyer is not pricing my services high enough.

When I first started off as a media buyer, I first priced myself at $35 an hour. And I even had a few clients that had only a $500 retainer per month. And what's crazy is during this time, something that would always happen is scope creep.

So I would always end up doing more than just media buying. I'd end up doing email marketing, or I would also do organic social media. And while going the extra mile and doing the extra work is really important in the early days to develop your skillset, I definitely played in that arena far too long.

And this also includes when I started working full-time as a media buyer. The best way for you to know that you are being paid fairly as a media buyer is to have other conversations with media buyers about what they're charging. You're also going to need to analyze your skillset fairly and know exactly what you're bringing to the table.

But no matter what, if you're a new media buyer, you're going to have to put in a ton of hard work so then you can actually start charging more. The truth is that there are a ton of media buyers and agencies that are charging a lot of money and their work is crap. So what I've learned and what I do now is I try to price myself at a rate that makes me really excited to bring my best self to the job.

And for those of you that are curious, I don't actually freelance anymore and I do not have my own agency. I actually work full-time at a place where I am paid very fairly. But if I were to start freelancing again, I'd probably price myself at $500 an hour or $5,000 per month minimum retainer.

And this actually has more to do with the kind of clients that I want to work with and the point of scale that they're in. I no longer work with brands that are just starting off because I often find that they have a lot more work to do than just media buying. And number five, the biggest mistake I've ever made is doubting in my own skills as a media buyer.

Now, for those of you that don't know, I actually recently started a new job and I 1000% have feelings of imposter syndrome, like I'm not good enough and like I don't know enough. But when I take a step back to really look at what's happening here, I realized that I just haven't built up my confidence in this situation yet. And I've seen the same thing for other young marketers or media buyers that are just selling themselves way too short.

The truth is, is that there is no single media buyer that knows everything, has all the answers, and is equipped to grow any kind of business. And the best thing that you can do as a media buyer is to just bring your own perspective. And I'm definitely included in that, which is why I'm very honest with my subscribers about not having all the answers to things like service-based businesses, lead generation, or even brands that have a smaller budget on Facebook ads.

Those are areas that I do not work in every day. And I'm not ashamed to admit that I don't always have the answers for you. However, this also happens sometimes in my job where every day is a new problem, a new issue and ads manager, and a new business that has a brand new problem to solve.

And while this is the very reason why I love my job so much, sometimes I definitely feel like I'm not good enough. The truth is, is that I have some things that I'm really good at and I really excel at, like client communication, creative strategy, ad account strategy. But there are also things that I really struggle with, like reporting and creating presentation decks and Google sheets.

What I found is that the people who are most passionate about their work and have honest conversations about where the areas where they're struggling and make plans to improve, those are the people in the businesses that are going to succeed. Thank you for attending my TED talk. And that's it.

Thank you so much for watching this video. Leave me a comment below about the biggest mistake you've ever made as a media buyer. We've all done it.

And don't worry, I won't tell your boss. Um, and I will talk with you guys next week. Later.

Bye.