What's up marketers? This is going to be a different video. Today I'm going to show you the brands that got me to buy over Black Friday, Cyber Monday, because it even happens to marketers.

So I'm going to go ahead and dive right in. The first thing that I actually bought this year was from Doe Lashes. Now the offer that they had was 25% off, which I thought was really good.

I've been eyeing them for a while and I realized about a month or two ago, oh you know what, I'm definitely going to buy it, but I decided to hold out until Black Friday, Cyber Monday. So when I saw that they actually had an early sign up for their offer via SMS, I went ahead and signed up for it and I got their Black Friday, Cyber Monday offer early. Now I am a huge Jason Wong fan who was the founder of Doe Lashes and honestly their branding is just so fire.

So even though I have never worn falsies in my entire life, I like really wanted to try it. And I don't know, frankly, I want to be a Doe Lashes girl. I just think the branding is so cool and so interesting.

I think the branding is so different from a lot of the things that we see now in D2C. So I'm really happy to support and even more excited to try out the product when I go back to Ohio at the end of the month. The second product that I bought was Ugly Sparkling Water.

Now they had a great deal. They had 30% off your entire first order, which I definitely took advantage of. And what's kind of interesting is I was actually between buying this or Olipop, but I ended up going with Ugly because the offer was a little bit better.

What's awesome too is the shipping was super fast. I ordered it on Black Friday and it got to my parents' house by Monday. And it's so funny, my mom actually texted me when I received it in the mail and she's like, what is this stuff?

And I was like, oh, open it up, try it. And her and my dad were actually texting me the rest of the night being like, oh, we ended up trying all the flavors. We really love it.

So this morning I actually messaged him and I was like, hey, you know what? Like, don't worry about holding out. I'm just going to buy more.

So less than a week later, I have already bought more Ugly Sparkling Water and I haven't even tried it. It's just based solely on my parents' reaction. So I'm really excited to give it a try.

And if not, hell, you made my parents happy. So that's all that I really care about. The third brand I bought from during Black Friday, Cyber Monday was Hydrant.

And they again had another great 30% off offer. So I definitely took advantage of that. And it's funny, I've actually been a huge brand fan of Hydrants for a while.

They're one of my favorite brands to follow on Facebook ads library because they always have really great strategies that they're testing out. I've definitely featured them a number of times on this channel. So I'm really excited now to try out the product.

The product I actually bought from them was the no sugar lemonade. And that was a bit of a concern for mine. And a reason why I hadn't actually decided to try it in the past was because some of their other products have a little bit of sugar.

So when I saw this no sugar option, I was really stoked and decided, you know what, heck 30% off plus no sugar, I'm going to go for it. Now the last brand that I bought from or at least the last brand that I'm going to talk about because the rest of them are Christmas presents and I don't want to be ruining no surprises is from house. Now house is a great brand to follow if you love branding and you love design.

Their stuff is super on point. And even though it's a lot different from my personal style, it's very aspirational for me. And I just, you know, have been such a fan of them for so long that I'm like, okay, like it's, it's fine to just finally try it.

So what's interesting is they actually had no Black Friday, Cyber Monday offers. So I bought it at full price. Now I decided to go ahead and buy it anyways, because I actually turn 30 at the end of this month.

And I wanted to have these drinks around to try for my birthday and to have a little bit of a celebration during these dark times. I ended up going with a sampler pack because to be honest, I'm mostly just a beer fan. So this is a little bit fancy for me, but it seems really good.

The reviews are awesome. And I'm stoked to give it a try and create some dope EGC. And that is it.

Let me know in the comments below which brands got you to buy on Black Friday, Cyber Monday. I'm always so interested to hear about people's purchasing decisions and what actually made them convert. Was it the offer?

Were they new brands that you had just heard of this month? Let me know. I'm very curious and that's all.

I'll see you in a few days because this is vlogging the season. Bye guys.