Imagine this. You and me are in a meeting going over your creative performance on your Facebook ads for the month. And you're doing the right things, right?

Creative diversity, Reels Native ads, UGC, image ads, and you have a consolidated ad account. Yet you're starting to feel burned out by the lack of new creative ideas. Things are feeling a little monotonous and maybe performance is suffering a bit.

That's where this new video series comes in. I want to deep dive with you on a single ad creative every single week. Real ads that I'm inspired by and I'm sharing with the teams that I'm working on behind the scenes to help fuel their creative strategy.

These videos will be a little shorter than normal, but I hope it gives you a bite-sized piece of inspiration to help jumpstart your creativity for the beginning of your week. And this is the video that I want to share today. I have the link to the foreplay board in the description below if you want to watch along with me.

Now, before I show you the entirety of this ad, I want to go over two really important things. Number one, this ad was initially a part of a test. And you can see the two hook variations that they tested out right here.

Pretty similar. And number two, I can tell this was a successful ad for them because they replicated this ad format across all of their other products. This is the telltale sign of an ad format that is crushing it.

So let's dive into this ad. We're going to watch the first few seconds. This is the universally loved crop tea and I'll tell you why.

It's not made, I'm sorry, it is made for Jen's ears, but it's also made for those of us that want to look cute, but don't want our stomachs hanging out. It's not overly cropped, it's the perfect way. The woman holding the phone is Daryl Ann Denner.

Sounds quite a bit like Daryl Denny though, right? She's the founder of Nudes, which is an elevated basics brand. And something interesting to know about her, she's a blogger turned influencer.

Content really runs in her blood. She really knows how to show up and cultivate a community. In fact, in her Instagram bio, she says that she's your best friend and all of her content really feels like that.

Even this ad. In this ad, she's surrounded by several of her Nudes colleagues, all of different sizes and preferences when it comes to cropped teas. And honestly, her energy here is really infectious.

This is honestly one of the number one things that I look out for and creators that we work with. They have to have really good energy on camera. They have to really show up and candidly be likable.

Here, users are first introduced to a problem that is being solved by this product. Crop teas that won't show your belly. And also who it's for.

Not quite Gen Z, but not only millennial moms either. We see a good range here from Gen Z all the way up to Gen X, I think. And one by one, each of these women go around and share their sizes and how they like their teas to feel.

And they give a little bit of background on themselves. This ad does a great job in showing multiple fits and sizes in a way that is just candidly helpful. Cloud Hopkins said that an ad should really help a salesman sell.

And I think that this ad does it in a way that's incredibly modern and made for a social media first type of society. It kind of feels like actually you're in the fitting room with her and all of these women, which has a sort of stopping hook factor, right? But it feels like she's just taking you along for the ride on FaceTime.

There is so much gray area when it comes to buying clothing online. Actually, oftentimes when I am buying clothing online, I am buying multiple sizes so that I can be sure I am getting the exact right fit. This video really helped show multiple sizes on multiple different body types to help alleviate some of that pressure.

It also gave sizing information for really specific preferences, which is key. Now, again, like I said, they did this for a few of their other product lines. So it really does seem to be an ad type that's working for them.

And something that's interesting too is I also shared this video on Twitter and a lot of people jumped in. They were really excited about this ad, which is why I wanted to make this short video for you guys so that I could make sure that as many people are seeing this so that they could also be inspired by it. But I was interested to see that some people were turned off because they thought it was going to be really hard to create.

And yeah, this isn't going to be as simple as just getting a founder or a solo person to execute on an ad creative. But I actually think there is really something interesting about inviting other people into your ad creative and being able to show more of those different perspectives instead of just from the perspective of one. You know, when I think about compilations in a way and why they can be really successful because they showcase multiple viewpoints, this is kind of like taking a compilation and just putting it into one frame, which I think is really, really inspirational and got a lot of my creative juices flowing.

This is definitely one that some of the brands that I am working with are executing on now as we speak. And I'll be sure to let you guys know in the comments how it ends up performing. Well, let me know.

Are you guys going to try this out or not? And also be sure to let me know what you think about these series. One of my big goals for the next few months is to start publishing two videos per week.

And I'm really hoping that you guys like this new video series because this is something that I can produce a lot more easier. And I personally, as a creative strategist, would just love to see the other type of ad creatives that other creative strategists could get really, really excited by. Maybe this is something we can build more of a community on as well.

All right. Well, I will see you guys next time. See you soon.

Bye.