No, because looking at your competitor's ad library or even searching for their longest running ads on Foreplay is candidly an awful strategy for making creative that converts on meta ads. I'm a partner at an advertising agency and I've worked with brands that spend well over four million dollars per month on their advertising and they always see creative strategists making this mistake. Teams get stuck in this unconscious loop where they look at what their competitors are doing, copy what they're doing, and then are left wondering why their ad creative doesn't really work.

This is ultimately why I created the authenticity framework, which is a series of SOPs that help me make creative that converts on meta ads. It's not just theory, it's things that I've tested over and over and over again for brands that I've continuously seen success from. There are several of these SOPs in this framework, but I'm going to share two today that I almost always see winning creative from, especially when I'm working with a new brand.

So if you can just imagine that I was going to sit down and work with your brand for a second, I'd actually probably run these two SOPs to get an early win for you. You know how mission critical it is when you start working with a brand and you need to get a winning ad creative within the first one to two weeks. This is how I do that.

So let me show you exactly how they work. First up is the million dollar iteration playbook. This is one of my favorite SOPs to run in general because it has such a high likelihood of success.

Now, the ad creative that I've made using the standard operating procedure has had millions of ad dollars, spent, and even millions more generated in revenue. Now, the first thing you're going to do here is identify your top performers for the ad account. And really, this is going to be a confluence of what is getting the most spend, aka the algorithm winner, and also what's getting the most amount of purchases.

Typically, I'll concentrate on the last 30 days performance, but if it's a new brand that I am working with, sometimes I'll go all the way back a year or even the maximum amount of data within the account. And once you identify those creatives, be sure to look for patterns in terms of formats and creators and messaging and anything else that you see as a through line through those creatives. Step number two is going to be to test your low hanging fruits, aka your quick messaging tests.

For video specifically, I will look through the entirety of the video and see if there are any hooks that might be interesting that hadn't been tested before. I'll also make sure to take that messaging and use it on text overlay for the ad. And sometimes I'm also going to try shorter versions of that video creative or even longer.

And for images specifically, I'm going to look at the top three performing static ads, and I'm really going to zone in on the messaging of those statics. Particularly, I'm going to analyze scalability. I'm going to really look at that messaging and ask myself, hey, is there a way that we can make this messaging actually more scalable?

Some of my favorite ways to do that is to insert demographic angles or even human desire angles. I'll also be on the lookout to see if I can insert any problem solution orientation, or if I can even test a golden nugget testimonial as the main messaging point. At this stage too, you should have a pretty good idea of what is working.

Don't be afraid to pull winning elements from other top performers at this part of the process. Another great tip that I have here is if you find a certain messaging angle is working really well in the ad account, run that messaging headline through chat JBT and ask it to make iterations using more trigger words or more emotional language. I have been able to find even more variations of winning messaging using that exact prompt.

And number three is to take your messaging learnings and test it on different formats. So essentially take the messaging that you know that works and try applying it to a radically different format. One of my favorite ways to do this is to actually look at what works well on UGC and take those hooks and text overlay within the first three seconds and translate that into a static image and vice versa.

It really does work both ways. I found that this is one of the easiest ways to inject creative diversity into an ad account with a high likelihood of success since you're already using something that is proven. And something that's interesting for you guys to know, I actually spent two days at the meta offices last week, where they actually shared that the new meta algorithm, which is called Andromeda.

And this is mostly for ASC campaigns. So it's not exactly applicable to CBO or ABO campaigns, aka manual campaigns. But the Andromeda algorithm actually only really recognizes creatives that have unique visual differences as true creative diversity.

So those messaging tests aren't really going to be seen as creative diversity, even though they could be targeting wildly different people. Now, it's still my opinion that you should do the low hanging fruit test, do those messaging tests, but it just emphasizes how important it is to have that visual variety in your ad account. One of my favorite strategies recently is to actually take winning UGC creative, use the green screen effect, and inject a new setting or something that's oddly satisfying in the background of that creative.

Another tactic that I like to use is actually to switch out the demographic entirely in the first three seconds to literally try and target a whole new group of people. Again, meta's new algorithm really prefers visual differentiation. And the story blocks just makes that a lot easier for you, especially if you're in a pinch.

And the best part is that it's 100% legal for you to use even an ad creative, which hasn't always been the case with some of the things that I've seen AI generating. Stay safe out there, folks. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate, check out Storyblocks at Storyblocks.com slash Doradenny or click the link in the description.

Thank you so much for sitting through that ad read because I appreciate you all so, so much. I'm actually going to share with you one of my favorite format iterations that I've been doing recently that I've seen a lot of success out of. Some of the brands that I work with still see great traction out of us versus them ads.

And something that we've started doing is if we notice one of those creatives is a consistent top performer, we'll actually translate that into a lo-fi, ugly ads, UGC experience. One of the next tests that we're going to do with this too is taking the same idea for a features call-out ad and actually having a creator point out the different benefits and features directly on the product. You know, kind of like something that I'd imagine someone doing on FaceTime potentially.

So if you end up trying any of those, let me know how it goes. All right. And the second SOP is the one that I like to call the skeptic super fan.

The creative that results from this SOP is often one of the first net new creatives that I produce for a brand. And that's because it has such a high likelihood of converting, especially for paid social. Now, the first thing you're going to do here is collect and categorize your ad comments.

And it's really important that you're doing this specifically for your ad comments. So I would actually go through your top 10 to 15 ad creatives and pull a big selection of all of the comments there from everything ranging from people that loved the product to also people who are a little bit more skeptical, especially the people that are a little bit more skeptical. You're going to create a spreadsheet that has all these comments.

And honestly, sometimes I just paste the comments right there and I'm not really categorizing them or anything. Just keep it simple. The next thing that you're going to do is you're going to take all of those ad comments, run them through chat GPT and ask it to do two things.

You're going to ask it to pull golden nugget testimonials as well as objections that people have before they buy. And I would really identify the top three objections that people have. Step number three is optional, but highly, highly recommended.

You're going to go and find your authentic customer testimonials. So now, instead of looking at the ad comments, you're going to go mostly to your website reviews and specifically what you're going to look out for is customer testimonials that specifically address that objection. So maybe they're going to mention that initial skepticism that they had and eventually what got them to purchase.

I will say that we are really looking for positive experiences here. And I would really try to find testimonials that have really specific information like timeframe results, previous failed attempts. And then you're going to develop ad creative around that specific objection.

Now, something that I've done in the past is actually when I am doing the messaging tests from the previous SOP that we talked about, sometimes I will also inject some of this new objection focused messaging into those tests as well, specifically on images. And I will also use the same, if it's the same, if it makes sense, if it makes sense. This is also a really great first angle for any type of creator content.

And my tip here is to really be sure that you are using the customer's exact phrasing around the specific type of objection. And another hack that I have here is to use that TikTok response bubble. And especially if you're doing creator content, include specific facts, figures, and transformation details.

Now, the real secret to winning creative, and this is something that my business partner and I talk a lot about when building creative tasks for our clients, is every single time you are putting a creative forward for review or you're putting it out there in the ether to be tested by meta ads, you need to have evidence for why you think it's going to perform. And to be honest, the fact that your competitors did it or even the fact that it was running a long time on foreplay is actually probably the weakest form of evidence out there. Granted, it still is evidence.

And I'm not saying that there is not a place for competitor research because there absolutely, absolutely is. If you want me to make a video or show you my SOP for that, I'm happy to. But to be honest, there are so many factors that go into maybe why a brand was running a specific piece of ad creative for so long that often doesn't have anything to do with how well it was actually converting net new customers.

Maybe they were running it in a retargeting campaign because they're still people who do retargeting campaigns. But maybe there's another reason for why it was running so long. I mean, especially when I think about ASC campaigns now, sometimes we are never turning those ad creatives off.

So we might just be seeing ad creative that have been living inside of an ASC campaign for hundreds of days, and it might not actually be what's rising to the top for them. So be really careful for how you place competitor research, especially how long something's been running on foreplay or the fact that your competitor did it as a reason why to do something. And I have to say, sometimes I see creative strategists just defaulting on what is easy and what could be an easy, quick win.

But the reality is, is when I am making creative that converts, sometimes it takes a lot of research and a lot of process to actually get there. I wish there was a winning format or a winning messaging style that always converted, but there's not. It actually just comes from knowing your product and your customer deeply.

And I find the authenticity factor is also more important than ever, especially in 2025. Ultimately, the creators and brands that are going to win in this next era of e-commerce are just ones that can be ruthlessly authentic. And I know that because you made it to the end of this video, you're very likely one of those people.

Let me know which one of these SOPs you're going to try out first, and I'll see you next week. Love you. Bye.

Bye.