What's up marketers? Today's video is going to be all about the UGC content that I see working on Facebook ads and TikTok ads in 2023. And no, I'm not going to be suggesting TikTok made me buy it or three reasons why.

These are brand new strategies that I see working across the board right now. So if you're a UGC creator or you're an agency or brand making UGC content, then this video is for you. The first video is educational content.

Now, this is content that does not go for the hard sell at all, but it's actually all about teaching your users or your viewers something new. So this really goes against the grain, the typical direct response style of UGC that we tend to see perform well on these platforms. But here's why I'm really excited about it.

I actually had a client that took a TikTok that wasn't performing as well organically on the platform, put it on Facebook ads, and it ended up being one of their top performers. Now, what was interesting about this ad is it went through some of the ingredients in their product, and it talked about the ailments that those ingredients help soothe. At no point in this video did it ever mention the brand or product.

But again, this ended up being one of their top performers. So I think that this opportunity for UGC content is really exciting, not just for creators, but also for brand owners who can develop more awareness about the problems they're trying to solve without again going after that hard sale. Essentially, you're community building.

And I also think as a UGC creator, this type of content is really fun to make. It's not the typical rinse, wash, repeat DR style UGC that we always have to make. That stuff works too.

But this is a little bit more fun. Number two, which is very similar to education-based content, I guess it is a form of education-based content, but I wanted to create an entire section for this one specifically, is how to or tutorial-based content. Now, when I think of this specifically, I'm really thinking about beauty brands and skincare brands.

This kind of content explodes on platforms like TikTok ads and reels as well. And it does really amazing on the ad platform. So again, it's thinking more in this vein of how can I teach or communicate something to my viewers and my users without doing that hard sell.

Let's see, I have a few examples in my foreplay board. How to choose a retinol. That's a good one.

How I eat 12 fruits and veggies in 10 seconds. How to hide your shoelaces easily. You know, some of these are more of a harder sell than others, but some of them appear to be purely educational-based content.

Six tips for clearing up your skin. I guess that would be more like the one before where I was talking about like educational-based content. Maybe.

To me, in my head, they're still kind of different. Maybe they're not for you. Leave me a comment below if you think these two types of ads are different.

Number three is a review slash testimonial style of ad, but I have two ways that you can make this a little bit more unique and different for your ad content. Now, number one is to call out your target demographic right in the hook of your ad. So for this one right here, it is specifically calling out boyfriends with the idea that it's boyfriends who have girlfriends that have really tough periods.

Um, and then go into your review with the idea that you are the personification of that person who you called out in that initial hook. Another way that I've seen this done really well is to give this idea of social proof. Like, oh, I saw this product all over TikTok.

Oh, I saw this product all over reels or, oh, my friends kept on talking about the specific product. So I wanted to give it a try for myself. And this is what it looks like for someone who has a certain ailment is a certain age, whatever.

Um, I've really seen that people kind of want to zero in more on the specific target demographic. And as UGC creators, this is actually really cool content to make because you're making it way more personalized to you. So it feels a little bit more authentic, right?

So I could create any type of ad content for, you know, this drink that I'm drinking right now. Right. But it's going to be really unique if I'm saying, oh, I'm a 30 something content creator who uses this to feel my day when I have a full time job.

And I'm a part time YouTuber and I make UGC content and I, you know, do content for brands for sponsorships. Yeah, I guess I don't really sleep or have a life outside of that. That's how you can know it's the good stuff.

So, you know, framing your review or testimonial with your target demo and in showing multiple POVs and multiple viewpoints, that's always something that I not only like creating, but I like watching as a user. Number four is utilizing personal history or a personal story. I see this work particularly well as a hook, but these types of ads really do end up being the top performers for many of our clients.

And what's so fascinating is again, you're taking a step back from that DR style of making ad content and you're really making more intimate type of content. So again, you're taking a look at the product or the service from the viewpoint of something in your past or, you know, you're starting off the conversation about what triggered you to look out for this type of product or service in the first place. And to be honest, the more, you know, ick, the more cringe, the more whatever, the better.

Um, as long as you're giving something that feels real, this type of content I see do particularly well on Tik Tok ads. I'm going to end with number five with our really standard trusted problem solution style of ad. But the caveat here is that again, I'm still seeing green screens as hooks working really, really well.

I'm particularly seeing it. If you can use a green screen of a certain press hit that your product or service has gotten, or if there's a specific story that's going around in your niche right now, and you can call that out, that's something that I've seen work particularly well. The hook rates tend to be really high.

The hold rates tend to be really high. If you have a really good story woven in between there, I've shown my recipe several times for what my problem solution style scripts look like. And yes, I'm still using a lot of those right now, but I'm starting to dip my toe a lot more into the four other ones that I mentioned here.

And that's it. I'm really curious if any of you guys have created any type of user generated content that's in the vein of these five specific types of UGC. And I'm also curious about which ones you guys are going to try first.

So be sure to let me know in the comments and I'll see you next week. Bye.