Hey guys! My name is Dara and currently I am hiding in my parents backyard in the Midwest. My life was not supposed to be this way.

No, just kidding. In all seriousness, thanks for coming to my corner of the internet. When I was thinking about what I wanted this YouTube channel to be about, I realized I only really know a lot about three things and that's Facebook Ads, marketing, and remote life.

I'm currently a director of paid social at a fully remote marketing agency and you know when I was learning Facebook Ads a number of years ago, I was so frustrated by the lack of resources that were actionable and that also just showed you what other people were doing. I felt like every time I searched YouTube or searched Google, I was just finding a lot of these like gurus who were like a part of this dropshipping tribe that really wasn't applicable to me. I was trying to grow businesses, you know, not overnight but in a way that was sustainable and in a way that you know provided real growth and not just like a high ROAS.

So at this in this channel you're gonna learn a lot about my tips and tricks that I've learned along the way in Facebook Ads but also a lot of what I've learned about marketing over the last seven years in the industry. And yeah I normally travel like full year-round when it's not a pandemic and maybe I'll start doing that again, maybe I won't but I want you guys to be along for the ride and I also just want to show you that you know another life is super possible regardless of what your education is. I come from a creative writing background which has helped me a lot in Facebook Ads but all the skills that I've learned are things that are easily teachable and things that I have taught.

I have you know taught young marketers over the years and things that I want to teach here on my channel. So thank you thank you thank you for finding my weird a strange corner of the internet. So I knew this is my first video but leave a comment on this video if there's something particular you want me to do a video about.

I'm gonna be releasing a video every single day for the month of June 2020 and then after that it's gonna be slightly less regular but we don't know what that schedule is gonna look like. So comment a question below about a question you have about Facebook ads, a question that you have about marketing in general, or you know anything about my remote life which as I said is right now in Ohio but I'm hopeful for the future. I'm curious about the future.

So thanks again. Comment below. Hit subscribe.

That's all the kids are doing these days. Thanks! Bye!

So I'm now walking back to my parents house from the backyard and I'm thinking that I don't like that I just called you all kids. I don't want to get up on that foot. Also I will never look this nice again because I just happen to be going out to dinner because as a remote director of paid social and I never wear makeup and I'm not gonna do it just because I'm on YouTube.