Hey guys, welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to answer the question, what is the best size for my audiences on Facebook ads? Now I know why this is such a confusion question because number one, Facebook themselves has been changing their stance on this a number of times over the last few years.

And number two, every guru has a different answer. And when I do research onto these people, sometimes it looks like they only have one or two accounts they're basing their learnings on or the answers they give are just completely outdated because they don't actually work inside of Facebook ads every single day. So the answer I'm going to give to you today has been tested throughout hundreds of Facebook ad accounts in multiple industries and with a wide range of budgets.

And for the purposes of this video, I'm going to be concentrating on your cold prospecting customer acquisition campaign. For the most part, I do not worry about my audience size and retargeting campaigns with the exception that I make sure that I have enough budget going through them by carefully evaluating the spend versus frequency data and always making sure that my frequency remains around a four in those retargeting campaigns. So what are the best audience sizes for Facebook ads?

I actually have two answers for you. If you're a brand that's new to Facebook or you're spending under 8k a month, then I would recommend that your audience sizes be around one to two million. Frankly, these are pre-scale budgets.

And if you're spending under $8,000 per month on Facebook ads, then there's still an element of you trying to figure out if Facebook ads are actually viable for your business. So if you are spending under 8k a month on Facebook ads, I really do find the 1 million to 2.5 million to be the sweet spot. And I think when you're spending under $8,000 a month on Facebook ads and or you're new to the platform, you're really going to be using a lot more of those lookalike audiences, particularly 1% lookalike audiences, which have audience sizes in the realm of 2.4 million.

Now, my second answer to this question is if you are beginning to scale or you have bigger budgets, I really do recommend a audience size that's above 4 million. Frankly, when you're spending this amount of money, you really need to give Facebook enough control so that it can actually find your audience. And because of that, when I'm working with a brand that's spending 10k or more per month on ads, I really am looking for those audience sizes that are 4 million or more, sometimes up to 20 million and more.

But I really do find that sweet spot to be around the 4 million to 20 million for those bigger budgets. And sometimes even with those smaller budgets, I'm finding that same success using the bigger audiences. As a rule, if you are spending below 1 million, that is definitely too low.

And if you're going to scale, you need to not only scale with your budgets, but you also need to scale with your audience sizes. If you guys are having trouble determining which audiences to test, I have a video below that's going to show you all of the audiences that you need to test out on your Facebook campaigns, everything from prospecting to retargeting, so that you can have a bulletproof strategy throughout the entire funnel. So that's it.

That's my super simple, easy answer. If you guys are utilizing audience sizes that are below a million and you're finding problems with your Facebook ads, definitely try to boost it up to at least 1 million, even 4 million. So you can just give Facebook free reign to actually find people who are going to buy from you.

And if you guys have any questions, feel free to hit me up in the comments below. Okay, thanks. Bye.