If I had to choose one type of ad creative to use on Facebook ads or Snapchat ads, it would be user-generated content. Now, the reason why I think this is the best type of creative to use on these paid social platforms is because these are the ad types that I get the most return from for the longest amount of time. So in this video, I'm going to break down exactly what UGC is, why it's so effective, and the six types of UGC that you should be creating to test on your brand's Facebook ads.

That means that you're going to see tons of ad examples from the best brands on social media that you can steal. I'm also going to dive into how you can actually get this UGC made, because I know this is a massive blocker for media buyers and business owners. So be sure to stick around to the end where I dive into that.

So before we get into the different types of UGC ad types that you can create for your brand, it's important to understand exactly what UGC is. So simply put, user-generated content is content that is created by a user, ideally a former customer of yours that has something to say about your product or brand. In practice, UGC style content can also be created by influencers or content creators, or even by yourself, which then would be more like UGC style content.

But I'm going to go into that way more at the end. So the reason why UGC is so effective is because it feels organic. It feels a lot less like marketing and a lot more like getting an authentic review from a friend.

And it's that trust factor that gets people to buy, because they believe that they're going to have a better quality of life after buying your product. And the reality is that there are several different types of ways to create this user-generated content. So I'm going to dive into the six ways that I want you to test out using this strategy.

So number one is the single testimonial. This is like the OG style of user-generated content. This content generally features a single person in selfie position as they give a review of your product or brand.

Now you can actually edit down these single testimonials for flow, but the whole idea is that you want it to feel like an authentic review from a friend. Now I find that these single testimonials tend to be a slam dunk in retargeting, particularly for website visitors, people who've clicked around on your website, or even added to cart, because this is actually the point in the user journey where people are already going to be searching for these reviews from your former customers. So having them show up automatically in the social feeds can actually speed up the time it takes to get someone to purchase.

Something else to note is that another form that this single review can take is also in the form of an unboxing, which is a separate kind of strategy that I would definitely use in retargeting again, because people want to know what it's going to feel like to actually receive your product. So the second strategy is a UGC compilation. So this takes several of the single testimonials and weaves them into a story to feature several different reviews of your products in a single video.

Now these will definitely need to be edited in some aspects, because you don't just want to take the entire single review one right after another. You'll definitely want to edit them down to the most impactful parts of the review. Additionally, you can also add in different headlines or text or even other breaks to featured statistics or even different kinds of text reviews to make it a longer video.

And I tend to find that the UGC compilations do really well in prospecting because it shows proof in numbers. And I also find that the quick cuts in editing due to the multiple reviews actually keeps people watching your content for longer, which is a great way to keep their attention and educate them on why your product is so great. So when I was looking around for different examples of both the UGC compilation and the single review testimonial, I actually stumbled on one of my favorite brands, which is She's Birdie.

And I found where they were actually doing a A-B test of both the strategies, which is really interesting and shows that, you know, this really is something that you need to test for your own brand instead of just choosing one or the other. So the next thing I want to talk about is Instagram stories. So the reality is, is that you might not have so many UGC style single testimonial reviews on hand, but you might have a number of Instagram stories that people have posted about your product.

And you can definitely use those on ads as well. And what's cool is you can use the single image from the Instagram stories. It doesn't have to be a video or you can compile them into a bit of a mashup, which is also really effective.

And what's cool about this content is you can not only use it on the feed, but it's also really effective as Instagram stories only content. And this is another great strategy that I really love using and retargeting because again, it feels really organic. And to be honest, most of your customers aren't going to actually notice that it's an ad.

So this is a great place to streamline your messaging, communicate your benefits and get that customer to convert. Now, number four, super similar to Instagram stories is to use TikToks directly in your ad. And again, this could be a great strategy for slightly younger audiences who are actually using TikTok.

So they have that brand identity. But what's cool is it causes them to stop because they're like, wait, am I on TikTok? Am I on Instagram?

It has sort of a cross-platform experience, which really gets people to pay attention. And again, another great place to communicate those benefits. Now at number five, I know we showed a lot of video.

And the truth is, yes, you can also use images as your user-generated content. So you can use the images that people have tagged you on on social media or even from your review vendors. And again, this is another good opportunity to take those images from the Instagram stories and then just use them as an ad.

Also note, though, that there's a lot that you can test here, even though they are just images. And most of that is going to come down to the kind of format you're going to use for these single images. So number one is a slideshow, which is kind of like a GIF.

And here you can actually cycle through multiple types of images from multiple types of customers. Additionally, you can use that same idea and apply it to a carousel. And lastly, yes, of course, you can still just use that single image.

But the way that I like to jazz up this strategy is to add a headline over top of that image or take a screenshot of that actual review and paste it right on that image. So the sixth strategy, and this is something I don't see a lot about, but I've been testing it and I really love it, is to actually add a border to your user-generated content. Now, I find that this is really palatable for luxury brands who want to retain that sense of brand identity, which is great because you're still able to utilize that great user-generated content, but you're elevating it more to feel more like your brand.

I think that Rent the Runway did an awesome job of this. So my biggest piece of advice when using this UGC on your social media ads is to always remember to add headlines or subtitles to your videos. And the reason for that is because a lot of people actually scroll social media with the sound off.

You might be one of these people I know I am. So it's always really important to have context without the sound because without that, they're just going to keep scrolling. Now, the last thing I want to talk about is how to actually get this stuff made.

And the number one thing I want to get out of the way, especially if you're just starting off, is that you can create UGC-style content without it actually being created by a user. Now, you don't want to go and have a review from someone who's never used your product, but you can actually create some of this UGC-style content without it having to be taken by a user. And it still will have the same effect.

So what I would do is simply take your phone and create your content, kind of like the sort of stuff you'd use on Instagram stories, but actually just use it for an ad. I love this example from Gucci, which actually feels like something that one of my friends would take. If you're having trouble getting reviews of your products, I would actually recommend installing an app like Stamp.io or Yotpo.

And what these two apps do is they actually help you gather UGC and reviews from your customers. And number three, if you want to go really hard on the UGC strategy and you don't want to wait around for someone to post a review to Stamp.io or Yotpo, what I'd actually do is I would utilize email marketing to get in touch with your former customers. So what I do is I actually send out an email asking them to create their authentic review in exchange for a discount, free product, or even an Amazon gift card.

And what's really cool is you can actually add this email to your post-purchase flow so that you always have a steady stream of user-generated content coming in. And finally, if you have a bit more of a higher budget to get this UGC across the finish line, you could try using a website like Trend.io, which actually connects you to content creators and micro-influencers to produce content for you. So I think for $100, you actually get one image or video plus a few series of Instagram stories.

And what's cool is they're actually posting this content directly to their social media platforms. So it's also like testing out a bit of influencer marketing as well. What I would suggest here is test out three or four different types of content creators and then figure out which styles you like the best and then try and establish a longer working relationship with them.

And that is it. If you have any more questions about UGC, what's the best type for your brand, how to get it made, be sure to leave me a comment below or on Twitter. I'm very active in both places.

And I look forward to next week's episode. See you. Bye.