Meta is always launching new features inside of Ads Manager and to be honest sometimes that rollout can be mysterious. But this time I actually partnered with Meta to be able to interview one of their product marketing managers to ask all of our toughest questions about this new feature that is rolling out on Ads Manager right now called the Opportunity Score. Maybe a few of you already have early access.

So what is the Opportunity Score? Why does it matter? And is this just another way to get us to spend more money?

I personally don't think so. I actually think that this feature is going to really affect how teams, particularly brands and agencies, work together. This update has really big implications for how we collaborate, how we optimize, and how we make decisions inside of Ads Manager.

So let's talk about what the Opportunity Score actually is. The Opportunity Score shows how optimized your ad account is to Meta's best practices from a score of 0 to 100. And now I'd like you to meet Sarah Redding, Product Marketing Manager at Meta.

So this is on a 0 to 100 point scale, and it represents how optimized campaigns, ad sets, and ads are. It can identify and rank proven recommendations that are personalized to a business's profile and their campaign characteristics. And a lot of these recommendations can be applied in just a few clicks.

And these recommendations are proven, personalized, and even prioritized based on your business and campaign type. So first on proven, the tool only shows recommendations that have been proven to improve performance for similar advertisers. Also, the recommendations are personalized and the points are customized based on your business profile and campaign characteristics.

And then lastly, on prioritized, the recommendations are ranked based on estimated value and impact. Over the years, we've heard that businesses really want more personalized guidance on how to get the most out of their campaigns really led us to developing Opportunity Score. But here's what the Opportunity Score isn't.

It's not a grade, it's not used in the auction, and it's candidly not something that you need to obsess over if you see your score dipping. I compare it to more like a credit score. So let's talk about what type of recommendations you're going to see and what kind of things can actually affect your score.

As of recording, there are over 60 possible recommendations currently inside of Ads Manager, and they fall into a number of categories. Campaign type, audience, creative, data and signals, budget and bidding, errors and warning, and the mysterious other. And here's where it gets really interesting, right?

Some recommendations might actually carry more weight for your business as opposed to another, depending on what industry you're in or even your account setup. The number of points will be unique to each account. So it really will look at for you what could have potentially the most impact.

So you may get a recommendation in an ad account that's worth 20 points because that is how much it could potentially lift your score versus I might see the same recommendation in my account, but it's only worth 10 points because I'm doing different things in my account that mean that you have more opportunity than I do. One example is with creative fatigue. Meta might flag that your audience has seen the same ad a number of times and suggests that you swap it out.

As a consumer, if you see the same ad 30 or 40 times, you probably are less likely to interact with it. Again, that doesn't mean that you're doing anything wrong with opportunity score. If your score drops and then you've got a recommendation that you're seeing creative fatigue and should potentially refresh your creative.

And if that creative swap has high potential to boost your results, it might actually show up as more points for your particular account as opposed to someone else's. But what can advertisers expect? What is this going to look like?

So let's actually see what this looks like inside of one of my ad accounts. And for context, I actually work with this brand in a creative strategy capacity, not a media buying one. So there were a few suggestions here where I was like, Hey, actually, I'm going to sync with the media buyer on this.

Like this one right here, you could get an 8% lower cost per result by optimizing your video format. And essentially what this says is, Hey, you should be adding nine by 16 formats to your ads. And I was like, yeah, we should be doing that as a standard operating process.

So this was a really great conversation starter for me to connect with the creative team, as well as the media buyer to make sure that we're actually doing that. And another one that I found was really interesting was you could get more conversions per dollar by including both videos and images in your campaign. And I was like, Hey, actually, why aren't we including both video and images in this specific campaign?

So it was another really great place for me to just dig in a little deeper. However, there were some suggestions where I was like, Hey, I know that this isn't quite right for this brand. Like this suggestion right here, using an advantage plus audience may improve performance.

And I already know that's the creative testing campaign. And we want to keep that in a manual sales campaign for the specific brand. And another opportunity store suggestion that we weren't going to add into was the ability to automatically add music to 13 eligible ads.

We know that we really want to keep the music end of things more manual and something that our creative team is adding in. But this is actually another really great conversation starter for me to connect with the creative team and be like, Hey, how are we keeping our creative optimized for the sound on experience? And I know what you're dying to know.

What is my opportunity score on this specific account? Right? And it is actually a 64.

Now, if you're like me, my immediate reaction was, Oh my God, is that a good score? Is that a bad score? Well, Sarah from meta actually had something really great to say about this.

I definitely would encourage businesses to not get discouraged by a score below 100 or even a score that is at a hundred and then drops. It's really just a chance to try out more of our best practices because opportunity score does change in real time with the recommendations that it offers as things in a campaign change, like auction dynamics or creative fatigue, your score may drop, but that just means that we're showing you another opportunity to potentially improve performance. So if your score is in the sixties, like mine or in the seventies or eighties, or it even dips one day, it's not a sign to panic.

It's actually just a sign to dig a little bit deeper and see what meta has to say about keeping best practices inside of your ad account. So here's my honest take, whether you love it or hate it, or you feel neutral about it. If you are working on a big team or you are agency side, working directly with brands, you really need to understand how this new feature works.

You should have a clear, standard operating procedure for which recommendations you're going to implement and which ones you're going to pause on or which ones you're going to check in with your team on. But when I saw the suggestion to use ASC for a specific creative testing campaign, I was like, Hey, I actually already know that we're good there. And that's one we don't need to implement.

And it was great because I was able to clearly communicate that to the client and why we were making that strategic decision. And I felt like we both walked away from that conversation, feeling really good about next steps. And that's the true value that I see here.

I see the opportunity score as a transparency tool for smaller businesses. It's going to surface real and personalized recommendations tailored to your ad account without you having to dig around in the help center. And for those big brands, it's going to bring clarity and intentionality back to the ad account, especially if you're an agency.

I could see this being a really great conversation starter, essentially, Hey, meta suggested that we do this thing. And here's why we're going to do it. Or here's why we're not going to do it.

And ultimately, I think that type of transparency between brands and agencies or just between teams is a really good thing. So meta has already started rolling out the opportunity score. I know that a number of you are already seeing it inside of your ad accounts, but not everyone has access just yet.

Meta tells me that they plan to have most people have it inside of their ad accounts by midpoint of this year, I'm going to be in the comments answering the questions. Meta is going to be there too. So be sure to let us know what you guys think about the opportunity score.

I'm personally really excited about it if you couldn't tell, but I'm eager to hear from you guys and that's it. I'll see you guys next week. Bye.