What's up marketers? Today I'm gonna be tackling Facebook ads versus Google ads versus Snapchat, TikTok, Pinterest, and the age old question, which ad platform should you use for your business? So this is gonna be a high level conversation about what kind of ad platform you should be running for your business, which platforms are best at what, which to avoid, and how to start off a quick test with each platform.

Again, the ad platforms that we're gonna be talking about today include Facebook ads. This is going to also include Instagram ads, Google ads, which will include branded versus non-branded SEM, shopping, and YouTube. Then we have Snapchat ads, TikTok ads, and Pinterest ads.

Now I'm gonna start off first with Facebook ads and then Google ads, and the reason why is because if it's your first time advertising, you're likely going to be starting off with one or both of these advertising platforms. So for Facebook ads, Facebook and Instagram is still where I would recommend almost every single business start off when they want to explore paid advertising, with one big exception, which I'll mention in a minute. Now, the reason why is because your audience is on Facebook.

In fact, there are 2.7 billion people on Facebook, so if you are selling to people, those people are definitely going to be on Facebook. Additionally, Facebook's machine learning, targeting capabilities, and ability to guide the user through the journey make it one of the best advertising platforms in the world. Sure, it has a lot to improve, and yes, Facebook can be expensive for some industries, and there are constant updates to Ad Manager that make the platform less than user-friendly.

But I still recommend almost every business to start off with Facebook because of its abilities to convert users for new and seasoned businesses alike. And compared to other advertising platforms, Facebook is the best in terms of customer acquisition, which is prospecting, and to me, even retargeting in some aspects. So if you want to try out Facebook ads for the first time, the easiest way to do this is probably just to start off with a retargeting campaign and measure how that impacts your conversion rates.

And next, I would test a prospecting campaign to measure how many of those users end up becoming your customers. Now, the next ad platform I want to talk about is Google. So whenever I'm introduced to a new business or doing an audit on their Facebook ads account, I always ask to also take a peek at their Google ads.

Now, a majority of the brands that I work with in the e-com and D2C space generally start off with both Facebook and Google. And that's for good reason. Just like Facebook for social media, Google dominates the search engine market.

So there are almost 4.4 billion internet users, and the number of Google users worldwide is nearly 4 billion. So Google's search engine market share is more than 90%, which is massive. So again, if your users are on the internet, they're likely on Google.

So remember that exception I said I had for using Facebook ads as your first advertising platform. In the way that Facebook targets people based on interests and the actions that they take on their website network, Google's targeting is based on when someone actively types in a keyword that is related to your business, which means that the intent on Google is way higher on Facebook, where your customers are actually just trying to check out what their friends are up to, not actively looking for a solution. Now, there are many different types of ads that you can run on Google.

Number one, probably the most common is search ads. So these are the ads that pop up after you search for something on Google. And there are two main types of search ads.

One is gonna be branded, and this is going to contain the name of your business. So if you are typing for a specific brand name, and you put it on Google, that is called a branded search. And to me, this is a form of retargeting because they have had to have heard of your business before typing in your name to Google, right?

So be careful here, because actually many agencies will say they are getting you great results on Google, when really it's just branded search. So always ask your agency if it's branded or non-branded when they talk about their search results. Which leads me to the second type of search that you can do on Google, which is non-branded.

And these are keywords that are related to your product or business, but don't actually have your business name. The other three types of ads that you can run on Google are display ads, shopping ads, and YouTube ads. So the ones that are going to get you the quickest and most reliable ROI are search ads, because again, that is where the intention is.

You have to just be sure to do your keyword research, which is no small feat. So a good place for you to start off with Google would be your branded search, especially if you haven't invested so much in your SEO, because that's definitely going to help. Now display ads don't generally have a great ROI, especially in the short term.

And getting click-based attribution here is really hard, so I don't recommend it for people just starting off. They are the billboards of the advertising world. They can rise the tide, but they can't float your boat.

So shopping ads are great for certain brands or products. If you're getting good traction out of your non-branded search campaigns, then I would try giving smart shopping a try. And last but not least, YouTube ads are a different beast altogether.

And to be honest, it's a lot different than creating ad content for Facebook or Instagram, because the production quality needs to be quite a bit higher, and frankly, way more intentional. I find that more established brands tend to perform well on YouTube, especially if they have content production capabilities. So I don't suggest YouTube ads for brands that are just starting off, unless you are selling an info product.

The third ad platform that I want to talk about is Snapchat ads. So if I had to choose my favorite ad platform to use, it would actually be Snapchat ads manager, because it is the easiest platform to learn and use. The biggest problem I've actually had on Snapchat ads is not the results or the interface, but it's actually getting my clients to try the platform out, because they have preconceived notions that Snapchat is just a bunch of teenagers.

Well, here are some facts about Snapchat ads. So 75% of all millennials and Gen Z use Snapchat, which is huge. So if you even have a segment of your audience that is under the age of 35, you need to check out this platform.

Additionally, Snapchat ads are way cheaper than Facebook, and in my experience, the CPMs on Facebook ads were often five times more expensive than they were on Snapchat ads. So for instance, it would cost me $10 to reach 1,000 people on Facebook, while on Snapchat, it was only costing me $2 to reach 1,000 people, which is pretty significant. Additionally, you do not need to invest in different types of creative on Snapchat.

If you have Instagram Stories creative, then you can dive right in and use this on Snap. But if you don't, Snapchat actually has video templates and even a video converter to help you create content especially made for Snapchat. It's actually one of my favorite features, and I think that people don't talk about it enough.

And secret tip, you can actually take that content, download it, and then use it on your Facebook ads. You can now get started on Snapchat ads for as little as $5 a day, which is a really low risk way to trying out this platform. Now, the kind of brands I think that should try out Snap include e-com or D2C brands and app-based brands.

Again, that have some segment of their audience between the ages of 13 to 35, for both male and female. I've actually heard from other media buyers that they think that lower AOV products for women do best on Snapchat, but I've actually had tons of success on Snap with products that cost more than $1,000, targeted mostly towards men. So again, it's mostly due to that age demographic, and if a portion of your audience is between the ages of 24 to 35, I urge you to give Snapchat a try.

I actually have a video that is all about how I would set up your first Snapchat ads campaign, so be sure to check that out. And an awesome update that I've actually made recently is now you can use the purchase optimization without reaching a certain number of purchases to unlock that feature, which is huge. Additionally, if you are interested in giving Snapchat ads a try, I have actually partnered with them to give you free credits to try out the platform.

So look for that offer in the description bar below. The next ad platform I want to talk about is Pinterest. So I was actually on a Clubhouse chat the other night, and my friend Brian said something that really stuck in my head about Pinterest, and it's this, pinners are planners.

So these are not going to be people who convert on day one. And in my experience, I found this to be very true. Pinterest ads often don't lead to a direct ROI or ROAS, so if you want to see quick results attributed directly to Pinterest, then this is not the platform for you.

So with that said, Pinterest does a great job of driving traffic, and the people on Pinterest have real buying power. Here are some interesting stats about Pinterest. Number one, 70% of all pinners are female, and primarily they're moms.

Additionally, a majority of Pinterest users have a college degree and make more than 75K a year, which means more often than not, they have a disposable income. So the kind of brands that I would suggest to give Pinterest a try are consumer product goods, apparel brands, baby brands, and home decor brands, but only after seeing some kind of success on Facebook and Instagram ads. Just know that this approach is more of a rising tide that lifts all boats approach.

And again, a direct ROI or ROAS is going to be tough in those early days. But again, if you are targeting moms or females buying power in the USA, I think it's worth a try as a top of funnel traffic driver. In fact, I would suggest taking 10% of your advertising budget and placing it into Pinterest if your audience plays there.

Now the last ad platform I wanna talk about is TikTok. Now this is the ad platform that I personally have the least amount of experience with, but I think it's gonna become a lot bigger in 2021, and in the following years. So some things to know about advertising on TikTok right out of the gate is, number one, you're going to need TikTok style creative to advertise on TikTok, which means creating content yourself or partnering with an influencer.

Unlike other platforms where you can use the same content and just edit the aspect ratios, for TikTok, you need to look as native as possible, which is going to be a barrier for some brands, especially if you're new. And number two, attribution can be pretty tough on TikTok, and it is actually limited to same browser conversions, which means that in order for the purchase to register on TikTok ads manager, your customer is gonna have to click on your ad and then purchase within that same browser right after that click. So this is tough for advertisers that need to see that direct ROI directly in ads manager, but a way that many media buyers are getting around this is they're using post purchase surveys.

So that's always an option too. And number three, brands that have a lower AOV seem to do best here, especially if you have a product that is targeting people in their 20s or even younger. And again, it is partially due to that same browser attribution, because the barrier to that purchase is a lot lower with a lower price product.

Essentially, if you have an impulse purchase product, try it on TikTok. Now, if you are interested in giving TikTok a try, I would check out Savannah Sanchez's channel, where she has great tutorials all about TikTok ads. I'm gonna also leave her channel in the description bar below.

And that is it. If you have any questions about what kind of platforms your brand specifically should be on, leave us a comment below and the community can answer back and forth and give you some guidance there. Additionally, if you are a media buyer that specializes in any of these platforms, I want to hear your input on this broad overview below.

And also feel free to give some tips to the community about other things that they need to know about their platform. Again, I specialize in the page social vertical. So the platforms that I feel the most comfortable on are Facebook and Instagram, Pinterest and Snapchat, and more and more TikTok.

But if you specialize in Google, I would love to hear from you specifically, because I do think that that is an area that more and more brands are gonna start testing out. And I get tons of questions about, and I don't always feel super qualified to answer. Okay.

That is really it. Thanks guys. Bye.