If you had to define affiliate marketing for them in like the simplest terms, what is that definition? The way I like to define it is just a partnership structure. It is the way you are compensating a partner of yours.

What are some of the things that you notice big brands like missing out on? I would say the big brands, they're making the same mistakes as the smaller brands. They're just losing a lot more money by doing so.

Are there certain like percentage points incentive structures that you do find to be like the ones that like attract you? Creators the best. What would you say is like the biggest misconception that people have about affiliates?

Normally on this show, we discuss paid social advertising and ad creative, but I wanted to change it up a little bit today to talk about a growth strategy that is honestly a little new to me, but a super top of mind for the brands that I'm working with now heading into 2025. So I brought with me here today, Noah Tucker of Social Snowball to discuss with me influencer marketing and affiliate marketing. So Noah, thank you so much for coming all the way from Mexico, number one, to here in LA.

So thank you. Thank you for having me. This has been a long time coming, so I'm very excited.

Yeah, of course. So for people who don't know you and don't know Social Snowball, give a quick intro on who you are, what is Social Snowball, and really why you started doing this. Yeah, so my name is Noah, and I'm the founder of Social Snowball.

And Social Snowball is essentially an affiliate platform for e-commerce brands that helps brands partner with creators and influencers as affiliates. So if you think historically, I think a lot of brands have viewed creator and influencer partnerships as more of a top of funnel awareness channel. And obviously, you live in the paid ads world.

You know better than me that paid ads are becoming more expensive and less reliable, and brands are looking for alternative acquisition channels. And influencers can be a great acquisition channel, but you have to have the right incentive structure for them to drive revenue, and you need to be able to track that and to reward them for doing so. And that's essentially what Social Snowball helps brands do.

So we really help brands turn their creator and influencer partnerships into an actual acquisition channel rather than just paying an influencer in exchange for deliverables or just awareness. Yeah, and I really can't tell you how many times I've worked with a brand or I've talked with a brand that was like, influencer marketing doesn't work for me. And that's why I'm so excited to dive into it with you today, because I feel like something I heard you say on a podcast recently was that now influencers becoming more like a performance channel.

And I think that's going to be really interesting to my audience, because I think that it is a really untapped growth strategy that most people are probably just doing wrong. So what I'd like to do is since most of my subscribers are more in the paid ads world, if you had to define affiliate marketing for them in like the simplest terms, what is that definition? It's a good question.

I think there's so many different buzzwords around this. There's like influencer, creator, ambassador, affiliate, word of mouth, referral. Like what does it all mean?

But to answer your question, affiliate, the way I like to define it is just a partnership structure. It is the way you are compensating a partner of yours. And the compensation is based on performance.

It's based on driving a conversion and receiving a commission. That's what an affiliate is. And that could be a publisher, a media buyer.

It could be a creator, an influencer, of course. But affiliate is, yeah, it's really just like a partnership structure or compensation structure where you reward a third party, whether that's an individual or a business, for driving a conversion. That's how you are compensating them.

It's not based on how many clicks they drove. It's not based on how many impressions they drove. It is based on how many purchases they drove for, let's say, your brand in this case.

Yeah, because I think that a lot of times when people look at influencer marketing right now, they're like, oh, you're just buying them for their audience and not necessarily them actually generating revenue, which I think is the really cool thing about what you guys do is you're turning it into more, hey, like you're going to get an ROI out of this. And how to build those structures, which is what I'm really excited to go into today. Now, what would you say is the biggest misconception that people have about affiliates?

I think the word affiliate has a really negative connotation overall. Yeah, because like we were just discussing, I was like, well, there's one side of affiliate marketing, which I think is kind of scammy and weird. And then there's the other side, which is like LTK and Shopmy.

It's like those two different worlds. Very much. Very much.

Yeah. I mean, the word affiliate has a million different meanings. And depending on who is saying the word affiliate or who you're talking to, they could think it means one of a million things.

I remember I went to affiliate world in Dubai thinking that it was going to be super relevant for the types of affiliates that we held brands partner with. And it was like the most scammy, like, you know, like neutral dating offers. That's T though.

We're hearing it here, right? I mean, it just wasn't what I was expecting at all. And that was really eye-opening.

This was years ago. But it really showed me that the word affiliate can mean a lot of things. And that the connotation that the word has, it makes sense why it has that.

Because historically affiliate was a little bit more of like this gray hat sketchy area. And it still could be, right? I'm sure there's plenty of that happening.

But then there's all these other different types of affiliates. And especially in the D2C world, it's very, you know, it's as white hat as any other channel. It's just performance marketing.

And so, yeah, it's changed a lot. But I think that's why it has a negative connotation is because it has meant so many different things. It used to mean something very different than what it means today.

And now that creators and influencers are becoming affiliates, it's definitely cleaning up the definition of the word. Yeah. And it's interesting to know, too, that like when I think about myself as a creator, so like putting the advertising stuff like on the side, like many of my first brand deals were affiliate deals.

So my first brand deal, this is good knowledge for like the channel to have actually, was actually an affiliate deal with Snapchat. Oh, sure. So what Snapchat would actually provide, and this was like four or five years ago, they, if someone signed up with my link, they would get like $1,000 in ad credits as long as they spent like $1,000.

So it was like they get essentially double, like to try out the, to try out Snapchat ads. And every time someone would actually spend and then spend those credits, then I would get a certain percentage point. And it was for me as a creator, I was actually, I actually loved that deal because it showed me how effective it was.

And honestly, like as long as those videos kept performing well and people kept on clicking on those links, which they did because the offer was amazing. Then I was getting, you know, anywhere between $3,000 and $5,000 per month, you know, from this affiliate deal. Because I think sometimes influencers and even brands are a little suspicious on an affiliate structure because they're like, oh, is it really going to incentivize them that much?

Or do they like, do influencers or creators just want the big payout? It's great for what we call the high converters, which is what you were for the Snapchat deal. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Influencers that can actually drive whatever the goal is, in this case, Snapchat ad signups or, you know, conversions for a D2C store, they know they can. And they want an affiliate deal or at least a hybrid deal where there's some sort of affiliate component because then it's not just paying, getting paid up one fee up front for a certain amount of deliverables. Like they could drive way more value to the brand and also earn way more.

And they know that. So it's great for those types of influencers. And I think the influencers that have never been able to drive anything meaningful are kind of getting exposed now, which is, I guess you could argue, the downside.

But not necessarily for the brands. Yeah, but I think it's really good for brands because I think we're going to see a lot less of those like really, really big, like initial sponsorship packages. But I think the sweet spot is in a combination.

You know, you do sort of like an initial fee for the content. And then if you're baking in affiliate marketing to every single like influencer deal, like that's what I'm seeing as like the new best practice. Yeah, and it aligns incentives because that same influencer might, you know, if it was just a flat fee deal, they probably wouldn't do anything more than the exact deliverables that you were paying them for.

But if there's an affiliate component, then they might make an extra post or put up an extra Instagram story or post on a different channel just to drive a little bit more revenue because they have a selfish incentive to do so. Yeah. So it really works great on, you know, for both parties.

So what industries would you say are really ripe for affiliate marketing, especially when we think of like our D2C audience? It's a good question. I mean, I wish I had like a really concise answer for that.

I mean, at Social Snowball, we have about 2,500 brands on the platform. Oh, right. Yeah.

And that that ranges across every category, even categories I would have never even thought existed before starting this business. I would say if I had to, you know, pick a trend, I would say health and wellness brands usually do really well. Yeah, I could see that.

Yeah. And that ranges from, you know, low ticket like, you know, supplements to high ticket like saunas, like anything health and wellness. People are always sharing their health and wellness journey online.

So that that usually does well. Beauty also does really well. I think beauty and fashion, everyone is always sharing what they're, you know, the beauty products they're using or what they're wearing.

But I mean, we've had chemical supply companies that did really high affiliate revenue. You know, I think if there's ever a brand, there's someone online talking about that category, whether that's, you know, fishing or just really anything. There's always an influencer.

Advertising, right? Yeah, there you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

There's someone, there's an influencer for every niche. And so, you know, if a brand can find that influencer, hopefully that influencer could be a great affiliate. Yeah.

I'd actually love to dig into some of the like affiliate structures that you've seen really work. And I know that you mentioned, oh, health and wellness is like an industry that works really well. And you and I discussed the pod company earlier and like how they were able to really see a lot of growth from affiliates.

So I want you to dive into that a little bit and like what their partnership structure looked like. Because I think that's like really what is going to seal the deal for brands and like what those results were. So the strategy that the pod company does a really good job on.

And this is something that I think every D2C brand should be doing because it's very low hanging fruit. And that's turning customers into affiliates. Oh.

I think a lot of brands, they will treat their customers like they're not treating their customers the same way they're treating influencer partners. They might have them in like some sort of refer a friend loyalty program. It's like an ambassador program.

It's like that. Barely. Like ambassador would be like, I wouldn't even call it that.

It's more like a loyalty program because it's like maybe you could refer a friend and get a coupon off your next order. But if you refer a bunch of friends, then you just have a bunch of coupons, which kind of become meaningless. It doesn't really incentivize, you know, them to go out and share that much.

Whereas affiliates, you know, influencers, you know, if you're paying them as affiliates, they're earning cash. And maybe there's a tiered incentive structure along with that. And that obviously is a much greater incentive.

So turning customers into affiliates and actually treating them as affiliates goes a long way. And so the pod company does a great job at this. They are.

So a few things. One, every time a customer purchases, they're creating an affiliate link for them, giving that to the customer on the order. Automatically.

Automatically. And this is what Social Snowball helps brands do. So we give you the tech to essentially build a program like this.

But it'll give an affiliate link or code to every customer right on the thank you page as well as in the post-purchase emails through Klaviyo, etc. So every customer already has a link to share. When a customer does share, the pod company is rewarding them in cash.

And I don't remember what the exact commission amount is, but, you know, I'm assuming they have a higher AOV considering they sell ice baths. So they could probably afford to give a more generous commission. So if the customer is making, let's say, even 20, 30 bucks cash every referral, that's pretty meaningful.

Like that's, you know, nothing. And so that's one thing they're doing. They're also kind of just getting more creative with how to keep their customers engaged in the program.

So they'll do a giveaway, like a monthly giveaway for every customer that refers at least one sale in a 30-day period gets entered in the giveaway to win either a free ice bath or a free sauna, something like that. Maybe they change the price every month. So every customer that hasn't referred during, you know, a 30-day window is motivated to make an extra referral because they want to get entered into the giveaway.

So it's kind of like an affiliate retention play to keep everyone engaged more long-term. And also to remind them, like, hey, you're an affiliate. You want to refer this to someone?

Send it in, like, a text message? Yeah. Like, put it on your Instagram stories, whatever.

Exactly. I think creator retention or just affiliate retention in general is, like, overlooked and a lot more difficult. Or not difficult, but just more overlooked than acquiring affiliates.

So, yeah, they do giveaways and they essentially will send email campaigns to all of their customers saying, hey, as a reminder, here's your referral link. Every time a friend buys, not only will you make 20 bucks or whatever it is, I don't remember exactly, but we'll also enter you to win, you know, a free sauna or something like that. And that really keeps customers engaged.

And then they're also, they've trained their, this is a strategy, too, I think a lot of brands should be doing. They've trained their customer service team to basically plug the referral program at the end of every positive customer conversation. So, you know, and the pod company is pretty big, so I'm sure they're getting tons of inbound customer tickets, where's my order, whatever.

And essentially, they created a macro and gorgeous or whatever customer help desk tool they're using where after a customer writes in and is like, whatever, where's my order? And then the reps, you know, solves their problem. And when they're signing off on that conversation, they'll send something like, hey, as a reminder, here's your referral link that we already created for you.

Every time someone buys from this, we'll send you, you know, whatever, $20. And they, you know, if they get a few hundred tickets a day, that's a few hundred additional touch points for their customers where their customers are happy and they're reminding them about the referral program. And I think the brands that are really taking this approach to maximize the amount of touch points they have, well, really taking every touch point they have with their customer and using that as an opportunity to remind them about the program or the ones that are seeing a lot of revenue from it.

So that's one program I think every brand should be doing. Some of these programs where you're managing lots of creators, it takes a little bit more just bandwidth for your team to have a program at scale. But turning customers into affiliates is very low lift.

And I'd say, too, I love that strategy for new brands, right? Like, I think, you know, especially in the early days, like your customers that are giving you that, like, checkmark of legitimacy or, like, really sharing how much they loved, like, your product or service. Like, they're going to be your best advertising, like, that you can have.

And, like, that's going to go a long way for new businesses. But I also think, you know, brands that are, like, building up, I really like how the pod company is doing that. Would you, like, how does that attribution look like?

Like, you know, is it, like, oh, it has to be, like, the first time someone's discovered or clicked? Or, like, is it, like, multi-touch attribution for affiliates? Like, you know, what does that look like?

It's a good question. I mean, there's a lot of different ways you could configure it. I think the most common ones are, like, code usage, so code being used at checkout.

Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or, like, a UTM link with a cookie that can have any attribution window, 30 days or whatever.

We have some other fancier attribution tools. I think one, the most popular way to track these sales is usually with a code because with a discount, it's the only attribution method that has an incentive for the customer to help you track their sale. Because if they see the discount on their phone from a creator, let's say, and then they buy later on their laptop, they'll probably take that code and use it on their laptop because they want the discount.

Right, right, right. Which is the only way to have, like, platform-to-platform attribution for something like this. But the problem with that is that the codes will often leak.

And I'm sure some of the people listening have dealt with codes leaking to Honey, Capital One Shopping, RetailMeNot. And it's a huge pain, but it becomes a way bigger pain when the code that leaks is an affiliate's code. Because not only are you giving out discounts to customers who weren't supposed to get that discount, but then when it's an affiliate's code, you're also paying a commission to an affiliate that never referred that sale.

I've had that happen on ads. So it's like hijacking attribution. Right.

Like, yeah. It's a disaster. It's honestly a disaster.

So we built this tool and we launched this, like, two years ago called Safe Links, which is essentially a – you could think of a safe link like a coupon code alternative. It's a mechanism that allows an affiliate to share a discount to their audience without the risk of a code leaking to any of these sites. And so essentially affiliates just share this link instead of a code.

And it looks just like a normal affiliate link. So it would be like, use my link for 10% off instead of use my code for 10% off. But how it works is whenever a shopper clicks on that link and gets taken to the brand storefront, in real time, a unique single-use code will be generated from Shopify and given to the shopper to use during their shopping session.

So if I'm an influencer and I'm like, use my link for 10% off and 100 people click on my link, all of those 100 people will all get the same discount. But everyone's code will be unique and they'll all be single-use codes. So if Honey or Capital One Shopping were to scrape any of those discounts and leak them, it doesn't matter.

They're completely valueless at the coupon sites. And the influencer still has a way to share a discount. The customers all still get a discount.

It could still – you know, you could still find a discount on your phone and shop later on your laptop. And so that's kind of been, like, one of the biggest attribution unlocks that we've had at Social Snowball is, like, how to accurately track sales with a discount without the risk of these coupon sites hijacking it. Oh, my God, yeah.

And so that's probably, like, the way I would recommend doing attribution for a program like this. Okay. That's really interesting.

And that's why I love the Safe Links feature. Because, like I said earlier, like, I've had affiliates, like, if they saw their paid ad would, like, comment their, like, affiliate code. And, like, it's been messy.

And it's not always bad actors. Like, sometimes they try to do it. Yeah.

But sometimes Honey just, like, scrapes it. I don't even know how they do it. But they're on everyone's checkout, like, monitoring codes.

So they'll just scrape it automatically. Yeah, it's wild. So I want to go into, like, how a brand should begin thinking about affiliate marketing.

Because I'm in the process right now of onboarding a new client for my consultancy practice. And one of the big things they told me when I first started auditing them was, hey, we actually think that affiliates are one of our biggest potentials for 2025. So how would you look at evaluating a brand for, hey, like, how much potential impact could affiliates have on their business?

Like, what type of partnership structure should they look into? Like, where would you say a brand should really start? Well, I mean, I think, you know, if you're evaluating if affiliate would be a good fit for them, and, you know, social affiliate, in particular, like, creators, I would look at, you know, some, maybe a social listening tool to see how many mentions they're already getting.

Do they get inbound interest from creators already? I mean, brands that are at any scale usually have on their social media pages, or maybe on a form in their website, or just their customer service email. There's influencers that are reaching out that are interested in a partnership.

Even if a paid partnership, if there's creator interest, that's usually a good sign. And even if there's not, like, even if they just have a post-purchase survey, and the customers are saying they came from word of mouth, or from a friend, or they saw a post about it, like, that's enough of a signal that this is something you should, one, be tracking accurately. You need attribution for something that's already happening.

And two, you should probably be pouring fuel on this already burning fire. It's a very, you know, affiliate is great because it's acquiring customers at any CAC you want. Like, you set your own CAC.

It's like the progressive name your price tool from the old commercials. Like, you literally choose the customer acquisition cost you're paying. It's not variable like Meta.

And then as far as, like, where they should start, I think turning customers into affiliates would be a great one. It's variable hanging fruit. It's very set it and forget it.

You build out the incentive structure. You put the thank you page widget. You integrate it with your Klaviyo post-purchase flow.

Sign up with Social Snowball. Obviously. Yeah, yeah.

And then it runs. But beyond that, like, I think, you know, as far as capturing or as far as building a successful creator program as affiliates, there's a few things you would do. One is you'd want to capture the inbound creator demand that you already have.

So you'd want to build an application form. You could do this in Social Snowball as well. But you'd want some sort of form in the footer navigation or header navigation of your website where creators can apply to work with you.

Every time someone messages customer support, DMs you on Instagram, or is just on your website and is interested in partnering with you, they could fill out that form. And then you have at least some sort of system to organize that and approve the people that you want to work with. And then the second thing you'll want to do is outreach to creators as well.

So, you know, similar to, like, how basically any company or B2B company does outreach to find clients, like D2C companies should be doing outreach to find creators. And you could use email automation tools. You know, Social Snowball has some tools to help you find creators.

But you essentially want to be finding creators that are relevant to your brand and doing email outreach to them, like setting up sequences and follow-ups so that, you know, you could basically explain what your product is, offer to send them one for free. I think the way to make it work is you want it to be as no strings attached as possible. You want to just basically say, hey, I like your content.

I think you'd like our product. Here's what it is. We'd love to send you one.

That's it. Like, if you start asking for deliverables and you start sending them a brief. It's too complicated.

Yeah, because they're getting hit up all the time. Yeah. Like, there's a lot of demand for creators.

And if you want to win them over, you need to be as easy to work with as possible. Like, the less amount of friction, the better. Yes.

Yeah. And then once they have your product and they like it, then you could send them another email saying, like, hey, how's it going so far? Like, eventually you could ask them to post.

And then you could, you know, of course, they'll be in your affiliate program. And you could, you know, have a whole incentive structure for them to create more posts and drive more revenue eventually. But to just get them in the door, you want to make that as easy, easy, easy as possible.

So those would be the two types of structures I would set up. And that's just as far as acquiring new affiliates. You want to be capturing inbound demand and you want to be creating demand through outbound.

But as far as the incentive structures, I mean, that's a whole other conversation. Yeah. Yeah.

I bet. But are there certain, like, percentage points incentive structures that you do find to be, like, the most, like, the ones that, like, attract creators the best? Or?

I would say, like, a lot of brands make the mistake of giving too low of a commission. Yeah. Like, 5%?

And it's like, who gives a shit? Yeah. Because they're like, oh, I could choose what I pay to acquire a customer?

Like, great. Let's do 5%. Yeah.

Yeah. But the truth is, like, you don't just want the highest ROI possible. You want the highest percentage of GMV possible with a profitable ROI.

Define GMV. Like, total revenue. Yeah.

You want the affiliate revenue as a percentage of total revenue to be a large number with a profitable ROI. So what I mean by that is if you set a 5% commission, let's say you are able to generate a 30x ROI, like, ROAS equivalent, which sounds great. But if a 5% commission is only generating you one referral per month, then that program is not moving the needle.

But if you set, like, a 30% commission, and that's a 3x ROI, but that 30% commission motivates way more influencers, and now it's generating 15%, 20% of your total revenue, then all of a sudden this program has actually changed your whole business. Because 20% of your new customer acquisition is coming in at a customer acquisition cost that will not fluctuate with the elections or the CPM movement in general. That is just doing magic to your blended customer acquisition costs in general.

And so I think that's a mistake brands make is, like, going too low on the commissions, optimizing for ROI over percent of GMV. And then basically they have a program that if you just look at the ROI, it looks great. But if you look at the actual impact it's having on the business, it's not moving any needles.

Yeah. Whereas if you were to just give a higher commission, it could. So I think the rule of commissions is, like, you want to benchmark it against your paid ads CAC.

If your paid ads CAC is, you know, 50% of your AOV, then that could be a starting point. And you could also just, it doesn't have to be exactly what your paid ads CAC is. It could be what you want your paid ads CAC to be.

It could be, like, a target for your paid ads CAC. So you could have, you know, you can make it so that you're acquiring customers consistently through affiliate at a cheaper, you know, cheaper than you are through paid ads. But if you have it be one-tenth of what you're paying for paid ads, to acquire a customer through paid ads, then it's probably not going to get the engagement that it could.

Yeah, because I'd say even when looking at some of the affiliate deals I've had in the past as a creator, like, the ones that are, like, 10%, I'm like, yeah, I'm never going to, like, make an Instagram story for this. Yeah. But there are a few that, like, I've had in the past that are, like, oh, it's, like, 50%.

And I'm, like, I'm going to drop that, like, once a week. Yeah. Like, you know, a few times a week.

And I also think, like, paying creators a flat fee usually does, like, a flat fee per conversion. So it's, like, $10 per conversion. Okay, yeah.

Usually does better just because it's easier for them to do the math. Right, because if they're, like, oh, it's, like, five people sign up, then it's, like, 50 bucks for the story. Yeah.

Right. Because if it's a percentage, then it's, like, there's all these other factors of, like, well, what's the purchase value going to be? It's going to be different for everyone.

Well, some of the products are not as expensive as others. And there's upsells. And there's just a lot of thinking to do.

And even sometimes a percentage could be a better incentive for the creator. But just the fact that a flat fee commission is easier for them to wrap their head around and easier for them to do mental math on predicting what they could earn. Just for that reason alone, I've seen that do really well.

Yeah. And actually, when I think back to the Snapchat deal that I had, that was, like, flat fee. Yeah.

Like, even though it's, like, I know some brands spent, like, hundreds of thousands of dollars through that link. Yeah. But it's, like, the fact that I get, like, $200, even if you just spend $2,000, like, that's fine for me.

That checks the box of is it worth it. Yeah, exactly. And the mental math is easy.

Yeah. So, yeah, I think that's, like, a pretty good ground rule in general. Especially for customer affiliates.

Mm-hmm. Because consumers, you obviously want to make things as easy as possible. I mean, if you look at everything, everything in your consumer flow from, you know, ads to your landing page to your checkout, et cetera, everything is just simplified.

Mm-hmm. You want the incentive structure to be simplified. You want the process of turning them into an affiliate post purchase to be simplified.

Yeah. You need to kind of approach that as you're approaching every other part of the consumer journey. And it's not that, like, one size has to fit all, right?

Like, if you have, like, a super affiliate and they want, like, a percentage structure, like, something like that is possible, right? Yeah. Yeah.

Of course. Of course. Yeah.

I mean, in Social Snowball, like, the whole, our software is built around being able to create different programs. And a different program is essentially a group of affiliates that all have the same commission structure, discount structure, gifting structure, product exclusion structure, et cetera. So, like, you could create different buckets of affiliates.

One could be, like, VIP creators where you're giving higher commission. One could be, like, micro-influencers. Another could be your customers that are ambassadors.

That makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Because the brand that I work with right now, we have a VIP, like, customer.

Like, we have, like, a VIP, like, affiliate structure. Yeah. And we also have, like, ones that we give out to a normal influencer, just, like, our influencer pool and then, like, customers.

So, yeah, that's something that I've seen work really, really well for brands. I want to change gears a little bit and, like, have you give, like, five expert tips for, like, anyone starting up with affiliates or, like, when considering affiliates? Okay.

Well, the first one, you should be turning your customers into affiliates. Make the process for them to become affiliates as frictionless as possible. If they have to jump through hoops after they make a purchase and go back to your website and look for a link in your footer navigation and fill out an application form and wait for an approval.

Like, you can't expect a customer that just went through your, like, two-click checkout flawless landing page experience to then all of a sudden jump through hoops to become an advocate. You have to make it flawless. And I think, too, it's, like, a lot of times I see, like, refer a friend, like, all the way at the bottom of the website.

Like, and it's, like, who's clicking on that? Right. You just got to make it easy.

Like, think of how easy it is for a customer to, like, see your ad, click on it, go through the landing page, you know, pick the offer they want, purchase, et cetera. Like, that's the funnel, right? That's, like, the marketing funnel and the bottom of that funnel and basically, you know, is universally accepted as advocacy.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. But why do we not reduce friction and advocacy the way that we do for the rest of the funnel? It's kind of just something to think about.

So that would be one. Make sure you're turning customers into affiliates. Two, I think emails are really important.

Brands usually don't send enough emails to their creators. This is another great way to keep creators engaged long term is to be just constantly sending them updates. Here's a creator that earned, you know, $20,000 last month, and here's what they did.

Here's videos that have been performing really well. You know, Black Friday is coming up. Here's the commit.

We're going to give you a special commission rate during this period. Just anything you could do to remind engage creators about your program to create any sort of, like, temporary campaign for them to earn a higher commission. Just things to, just emails that you could send to keep them engaged, whether that's a welcome flow explaining how the program works or just more, like, even the giveaways that that pod company does that we're talking about.

Things like that go a long way. Okay, let's see what else. Third, I would say tier out your incentive structure.

Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is honestly really important, and pod company does this as well, where essentially as you refer more revenue, you're able to unlock new rewards. And we make this really easy to basically automate in Social Snowball where you could set milestones and then tie rewards to each milestone.

But, for example, you could make it be so that, like, and this could be for a customer or a creator, really any affiliate. When you refer 10 sales, you unlock a new gift. When you refer 20 sales, you unlock a higher commission.

Yeah, yeah. When you refer 50 sales, you unlock an even cooler gift and an even higher commission. And then when you enroll new creators, they kind of presented this tier structure up front.

So in the welcome email, they could see the different milestones they have to hit. They could see what they unlock at each milestone. And then as they're getting close to each new tier, you could trigger an email that says, like, hey, you only have three more referrals until you unlock, you know, the silver tier, which is going to give you this gift and this commission.

Just little things like that to keep them engaged go a long way. And tiering it out really helps, again, creator retention, like affiliate engagement, keeping people in the program engaged long term rather than just like one post and then forgetting about it. Number four, I'm going to have to say it again, is you want to make sure your codes aren't leaking to coupon sites.

Oh, gosh, yeah. That will destroy your program. We've worked with a lot of, like, multi-nine-figure brands that came to Social Snowball because they've dealt with code leaks.

And a brand at that scale, when an affiliate code leaks to a coupon site, if they go even a week without catching it, it could be really severe losses. Yeah. I mean, the amount of people that have Honey installed in their browser that use Capital One Shopping, Retailly, Not, etc., like, they will see a code, they'll use it, and they won't even realize that an affiliate's getting attribution for this and that commissions are getting paid out.

Like, it could really be devastating to the program. So using safe links to prevent that, it would be the next step. And then I guess for the last one, I think brands should really be focusing on TikTok Shop now.

I think this is, like, a really exciting new channel. You know, we love TikTok Shop at Social Snowball because before TikTok Shop, you know, five years ago when I started this business, I was kind of, like, the crazy founder saying, oh, influencers are a performance channel, creators can be great affiliates. And then, you know, obviously some brands agreed with that and we had traction, but it wasn't, like, the norm.

And now with TikTok Shop being a thing, and TikTok Shop is essentially a creator platform that is only affiliate. There's not even an option to pay a creator a flat fee through TikTok Shop. It's just affiliate.

So that's been great for us. Like, selfishly, we love TikTok Shop because, well, now we're integrated with them. But even before that, it kind of just helped the market move in the direction of creator is a performance channel.

But we've seen brands just do incredible with TikTok Shop. So I think brands should be focused on TikTok Shop. They should be launching on TikTok Shop.

All different categories now I'm seeing doing well. It's not just, like, the gimmicky products anymore. What about, like, AOVs that are working on TikTok Shop?

I still think, in general, it's the lower AOVs. Yeah, yeah. I feel like I've been seeing more and more exceptions to that.

I think TikTok is making a huge push to make it a shopping platform for all AOVs. Yeah, it's the QVC for Gen Z. Yeah.

Yeah. So we'll see, like, what happens over the next few years. But I've seen brands just make a killing on there.

Yeah. What is your integration, then, with, like, with TikTok Shop? Like, how are you, like, how is Social Snowball, like, helping brands, like, make the most out of that platform?

Yeah, great question. So there's a few different things. I'd say the bigger picture is we essentially help you connect your D2C affiliate program to your TikTok Shop affiliate program.

And the reason that's so important is, like, think about it like this. Every creator these days, basically, you know, they have a TikTok and an Instagram following, right? That's super common.

Or maybe TikTok and Instagram and YouTube. Even I have that. It's like I have, like, TikTok, YouTube, Instagram.

Right. And, like, kind of, they're, like, all pretty different. Yeah.

They are. And so when a brand is partnering with a creator and that creator has a following on Instagram and TikTok, just for that one partnership with one brand, that creator is going to have to sign up through TikTok Shop to be in the brand's TikTok Shop collaboration. And then through an affiliate platform to be in their D2C collaboration to drive revenue from Instagram.

So for that one creator to manage one partnership with one brand, they already have to use two different platforms. And that one creator has partnerships with many brands and that brand has partnerships with many creators that have, you know, multiple channels and multiple followings. So it's just very distributed.

And, like, there's before our integration, there was no real easy way to kind of unify that and to be able to have your relationships across D2C and TikTok Shop in one place. And that's exactly what it does. So we integrate with TikTok Shop and we're able to basically pull your TikTok Shop affiliate data into one affiliate profile as well as the affiliate's D2C referral data.

So if they're posting on Instagram, of course, we're saving that Instagram post. We're showing you the revenue it's driving. And then if they're posting on TikTok Shop, we're also saving that TikTok Shop video and showing you the revenue they're driving through TikTok Shop.

So you open up Social Snowball and you click on one affiliate's profile that you're working with and you can see all their D2C revenue that they drove. You can see their TikTok Shop revenue. You can see their Instagram posts.

You can see their TikTok Shop shoppable videos and just kind of have all of that be unified in one place for both the brands and the creators. So the creators, when they log into their Social Snowball portal, they could also see all that data unified together as well. So that would be like that's kind of like the high level of it.

Like it's basically just kind of unifying and syncing those platforms together. We also have some cool tools like, you know, for brands, we save all their shoppable videos into a media library. So, you know, similar to how we do with Instagram, it just kind of puts all of their, you know, influencers posts in one place.

And now that includes TikTok Shop posts. It's like a foreplay for like affiliate videos. Basically, basically.

Yeah. Sorry, Zach. Exactly.

Zach will love the shout out. Yeah. And then also we make it, you know, we were talking about tiers and how you could like set milestones.

So what we're building now and about to release is like the ability to set tiers that also apply for TikTok Shop. So it could basically be when an affiliate has generated $10,000 in revenue blended between the D2C and TikTok Shop. So if they post it on Instagram and TikTok and it was $5,000 on each channel, that's just, you know, $10,000 blended.

Then it could unlock a higher commission on D2C. It could, you know, create a target collab on TikTok Shop for a higher commission. They could send them a new gift.

Basically, having all of the data unified not only gives you better reporting, but makes, lets you make better decisions and kind of automate these, these tiers and find your best creators and give them better rewards. Yeah. I think too, it kind of like, it formulates not only for the brand, but also for the creator, like, like their experience on the platform.

You know, like sometimes like when brands are talking about TikTok Shops or affiliates versus organic versus like paid. It's like from the creator perspective, it's all actually kind of the same thing. And like, I feel like this, like what like social snowball does, it like centralizes that data.

Exactly. Yeah. Exactly.

Yeah. Now I want to switch gears a little bit and like talk more on the like influencer side and like the influencer management of like what you do. Cause not many people know this, but when I actually started my career, um, when I moved back to New York and like got my first like PR job, which I was like fired from after just three months, I was very bad at PR.

But, um, it was so interesting. Cause like back then, like this was like eight years ago, influencer was not as much of a thing. And I was mostly managing press relationships, press relationships in a spreadsheet and like an Excel sheet.

Yeah. So from what I understand, you guys also have a like influencer tracking system too on social snowball, right? That makes that like a lot easier.

Like the spreadsheet, how like doesn't exist. I mean, I would say our entire tool is basically a spreadsheet replacement, like everything from organizing your influencer relationships to the attribution and the payments, like everything we've had. You'd be surprised how many brands like considerably large brands come to social snowball that were not using a different affiliate platform before.

They were literally just using a spreadsheet, a spreadsheet or like they have tons of different like affiliate programs, right? They have like a, like a shop, my an LTK, like it's all like, you know? Yeah.

Yeah. So yeah, I mean, I think like every time I, the rule I always tell myself is every time I find myself using a spreadsheet to do a task that I'm doing frequently, there's an opportunity for software to be built. I think that's just like a ground rule.

Bless you. Um, and social snowball definitely checks that box. Yeah, that's awesome.

Um, now another brand that you and I were talking about before, um, that like you saw really great results from was Divi. And actually I just said like a deep dive on their ad creator recently. So I feel like it's really top of mind for me, but, um, how was like Divi able to unlock more traction from using affiliates?

So they do a lot of creator outreach, something we talked about before. Okay. Yep.

So the spreadsheets, which what I was doing when I was doing my press outreach, like this is something that they're really like utilizing and leaning into. Yeah. So they are sending out, I mean, I couldn't tell you exactly how much, but you know, thousands of emails per month, I would imagine.

I don't know for sure, but I would imagine in that range, um, basically gifting their product to influencers and then influencers that are interested will receive it. And then they're enrolled into a tiered structure, a tiered, uh, incentive structure. So Divi does a really good job with their tiers as well.

They have really good emails. Um, maybe we could pop those up on the screen, but essentially they're able to, you know, they have like four or five different tiers. Whereas affiliates drive more revenue, they unlock high rewards, higher commissions.

Yeah. Um, and every creator that replies that they're interested to receive a gift gets enrolled into those email sequences. They get access to a social snowball portal.

They get to, you know, see all the content that they post. They get their affiliate link. They get to redeem their gift from the social snowball portal.

So everything's kind of all there in one place. And yeah, that's basically the majority of their strategies, a lot of outreach and they are an influencer owned brand. So I'm sure they're getting a good amount of inbound as well.

I don't know exactly, but I would imagine as an influencer owned brand that they're also in Ulta and like some bigger stores. So I'm sure at their scale, they're getting a good amount of interest inbound, but I know they're sending a lot of outbound. How can brands potentially get more of that inbound interest?

Like, what do you think like allows Divi to be like a brand where people are like, people want to be affiliates? I think for any brand, the way that you make that happen is by kind of forcing it to happen in the beginning. Like you need to get over the cold start of working with influencers.

And then once you start working with influencers, other influencers see those influencers and they're like, oh, I also want to partner with this brand. Yeah, yeah. I think that's like one of the, especially with TikTok shop, that's one of the biggest challenges brands face is they can't get their initial like 20 influencers because those influencers are like, oh, well, you haven't worked with other influencers.

You haven't driven that much revenue through TikTok shop. But it applies for any influencer program through D2C as well. Influencers like working with brands that are working with influencers, but you need to get the first few influencers.

So I think some brands are like maybe for the first 20 influencers they work with, they'll pay them a flat fee just to kind of get the ball rolling. Oh, that's smart. So like when people are starting up, they'll like essentially do like maybe even a higher, like a higher like incentive.

Yeah, exactly. Just to get the first however many influencers posting because then once other influencers see that, they're like, oh, other influencers are working with this brand. I should be working with this brand.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's almost FOMO. And that's really the only way to generate more inbound demand.

I think once you have a brand that a lot of influencers are working with, the snowball, no pun intended, just kind of rolls on its own. Okay. Is that where you got the name from then?

Kind of. I mean, I got the name sitting in my bed with a Google Doc just like coming up with random ideas until one made sense that there was a domain available. But that was kind of the thinking.

Yeah. And you said that you started five years ago, right? So like five years ago, I feel like was like right before the like paid social like bubble burst.

Like what made you want to focus on this problem and like affiliates as opposed to like candidly just becoming like another like DTC paid social guy? Well, I kind of was before. Like I was, I don't even know if you knew this, but I was media buying before.

Okay. Yeah. I was like in that world and I was doing consulting for some brands and I was like building some of my own stores and I was, I was messing around with this stuff as earlier, as early as like high school.

So this was kind of just like a world I got sucked into. And essentially the, you know, the way the idea for social snowball started is because I, any brand I would work with, I was trying to partner with Instagram influencers and just small micro ambassadors. And I wanted to be able to incentivize them to drive revenue.

Yeah. And I wanted to be able to track that revenue and reward them for doing so. And the only options that I had, you know, as far as a platform that could enable that was either these more traditional legacy affiliate platforms that were built for like publishers.

And if you tried to onboard an Instagram influencer into a platform like that, it was just like share my sale or something. It's a nightmare. It's a nightmare.

It just doesn't work. It's not realistic. Those platforms are not meant for influencers.

Yeah. And so that was one option and that didn't work. And then the only alternative is like there were these influencer management CRMs that essentially allowed you to build a partnership with an influencer where you could create these campaigns.

And these platforms are still pretty big. I'm sure you've seen some, but you could pay influencers in this campaign. You could pay an influencer a flappy and then receive deliverables in return.

But there is basically no affiliate functionality in that whatsoever. So I realized that, you know, if I wanted to partner with influencers and I wanted the goal of that partnership to be attributable revenue, there was essentially no platform that was built for that use case specifically. And that's kind of how the idea started.

Okay. Okay. Yeah.

I didn't know that you were a media buyer. Yeah. I mean, that's like a, that's a generous title.

Like I was, I was dabbling for sure, but I wasn't, I wasn't as tapped in as you at any point. Oh my goodness. Yeah.

I mean, media buying for me was like the perfect, like entry point, which is why, like, I really get excited when I see people like still wanting to make that as their career. But I feel like it's, it's not like the, it's, it's not the ending point for people. Like you're either going to spiral off into something else.

Like I decided to go down more of like the, the ad creative route. True. And like, I think it's really interesting though, that you sort of went the more organic route and to turn, how can you turn influencer then into more of this performance channel?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Um, so, but wait, you said you were doing media buying when you were like almost a teenager. Um, so when I, when I was just graduating high school, like that summer after I graduated really, um, I, is when I discovered the world, world of drop shipping and was like, there's a way to make money online. Cause I was working on a fishing boat at the time and that was like, it was a summer job in New Jersey.

Oh, right. Yeah. Um, and it was just like, you know, you need to make money.

You need to work a job. Like I was just not really thinking there's any other way. So then I discovered drop shipping and I was like, Oh, this is really cool.

And I didn't even know about paid ads until like a year later. Cause I was just basically trying to build a store that was selling woman's clothing. And I was just posting on Instagram and all organic.

And that was like the first ever venture into like digital marketing, I guess. Then I started to get more into paid ads once I discovered it. And then I realized that, Oh, paid ads are like really powerful.

And that's when I started to do more like consulting paid ads, et cetera. And that's kind of how I got into the whole world. Yeah.

Do you find that a lot of people now or a lot of brands, like if they sign someone up to like become an affiliate and they like ended up making content from that, they'll like then like shift that to paid ads. Yes, absolutely. I think there are so many, there are so many, um, I don't even know what the best way to word this would be.

There's so many side effects from an influencer affiliate program that have so many great benefits that is really important. And here's a good way to frame it. Like if you partner with influencers and you partner with them in the way that we've been talking about where it's an affiliate model and the goal is revenue and they're getting rewarded for revenue as a side effect, you'll get all this great content that you could get usage rights from and use in paid ads, et cetera.

But if you do it the reverse and more of the old fashioned way where you are only partnering with influencers where the goal is getting this content, like how it used to kind of used to be, you don't get attributable revenue as like a side effect because you're not incentivizing it or tracking it. So if, if, even if you did, even if content was a huge focus for you, for your influencer partnerships by shifting the, the, the main goal of the partnership and the incentive structure around revenue, rather than just content deliverables, you still get the content deliverables. Plus attributable revenue plus a longer term partnership.

It checks all the boxes. So I think it's just such a more, such a, just much more effective way to partner with influencers for so many reasons. Yeah.

What would you say, like, what are some of the things that you notice big brands like missing out on in terms of like their affiliate programs? Like, do you think that there are like mistakes that you see big brands making a lot? Yeah.

I mean, you'd be shocked with how many brands even to this day come to us using an affiliate platform built for publishers with influencers. Like they have influencers on a share sale or something similar. Oh yeah.

I mean, you'd be shocked. And then the amount of brands that are still using static codes instead of safe links because they just don't know about it. I would say the big brands, they're making the same mistakes as, as the smaller brands.

They're just losing a lot more money by doing so. What is your outlook for 2025 in this space? A few things.

I think the trend that we've been seeing where affiliates are, to be an affiliate is more and more democratized is going to continue. So it used to be only big publishers and then like, you know, huge influencers. And now it's like, it's micro influencers and even like customer ambassadors.

I think it's going to continue and continue being more like that. I think brands are going to be more open-minded to compensating their customers as affiliates because if they could pay a customer to refer a friend less than they'd pay Zuck to run an ad to acquire a customer. Like, I think no brand would say no to that.

But so that trend is going to continue in my opinion for sure. And then I think social commerce is going to continue growing. And I think it's more than just TikTok shop.

We're seeing YouTube shopping roll out now. I think that could be huge. I mean, it's so new that I couldn't even give you hard data to say that it is huge, like that it works really well.

But I just, I feel like it will be. I've made some money from YouTube shopping. Yeah, yeah.

I've made some money from YouTube shopping. Not a ton. Not a ton.

That's awesome though. But, you know, I've linked a few books and people bought the books. That's sick.

I'm like, great. That's awesome. Yeah.

So I think like, you know, TikTok shop proved out a concept that no other social media platform could crack. But now they all know how to crack it because TikTok led a great example. And I think, you know, commerce happening on social platforms is going to take off for sure.

I also think like that TikTok shop like taught creators how to think like direct response advertisers. And I, my like personal like conspiracy theory belief is I think that in the next few like years and months, we're going to be able to like much more easily put ad dollars behind like that content. And like that will essentially be how we're feeling like that affiliate relationship.

Like I think that like this is going to come to meta as well where we can like, oh, like they're able to like spin up a TikTok shop competitor essentially. And if we see like an affiliate we like and like they check the box that says, yeah, you can put paid ads behind it. Like brands are going to jump on that.

Yeah. Like I think that that type of affiliate structure also like negates the question of like how to best pay for creators. Like I know a conversation that happens a lot on D2C Twitter is, you know, should you pay, like how should you incentivize like creative agencies or like creators to work with you?

Like should you do percentage of spend? Should you do like a flat fee? And I think that if you can turn it into more of like a performance model, it works for both sides.

But I think like for the creator, like portion specifically, like that affiliate relationship makes a lot of sense. Yeah. And I think some brands are even like if they're whitelisting a creator ad, they might give the creator like a much lower commission for the revenue driven through the whitelisted creative.

Like I've even seen things like that. Oh, so that's smart. So what they would do is they'd be like, hey, we're going to put paid ad spend behind this.

So like good for you. Right. But like it's going to be like a smaller percentage.

Definitely. I mean, if you're paying someone 30 percent, you probably and you're also running paid ads. Yeah.

It's very nice of you. Very expensive. Very expensive.

Yeah. Yeah. So maybe it's like one percent or something, but it's still, you know, more incentive for the creator to make a video that could be used in ads.

Yeah. Yeah. Which like getting that more organic and also just like authentic like perspective, I think, from the creators is why I'm so interested in affiliates.

Because like they're not following a creative brief. Yeah. And that's also something that's super important.

Yeah. Do not give your creators. I said I was going to look into the camera.

Yeah. Go for it. Do not give your creators that are affiliates, at least a creative brief.

Like for sure don't, because you're robbing them of the creative freedom that they have and they know how they're going to convert their audience. If you're paying creators in the old fashioned way where you're paying them a flat fee for a deliverable that you plan on running for ads and you need them to say a certain script, that's totally fine. Yeah.

But that's not an affiliate relationship. If it is an affiliate relationship, you should let them do what they do best and they know how they're going to get to their audience and drive sales. So two different goals and I think a lot of brands try to give their creator affiliates these briefs or guidelines that are too strict and you have to just let them do their thing.

Yeah. I love that actually because it also for me differentiates how I think about organic relationship activations versus affiliates. Like if you're giving someone a brief, then like you're going to pay that like higher fee.

Oh yeah. Yeah. Candidly.

Like it's like, it's kind of like, it could be viewed as like the same operation, but I think it's very, very different. And like for brands to think about influencer marketing in this way, like the affiliate relationship versus like the sponsorship like relationship, I think can just like, it opens up a lot more opportunities for creators too. Which, you know, I have heard a lot more creators being more concerned about like ad dollars and sponsorship money, like starting to, you know, not be as lucrative as it was the last few years, which is why I think like the affiliate structure coming in is like a really great opportunity for people who can sell, which isn't the easiest thing in the world.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. So Noah, thank you so, so much for joining me today. Why don't you give people the hard sell on social snowball?

I think you've already done an amazing job and like, I'll obviously have a link here, a social snowball link if you guys want to check it out. Right. You got to give me one of those.

Will do. But yeah, give people the hard sell. Yeah.

I mean, I think it's as simple as, you know, paid ads are becoming more expensive and less reliable and you need alternative acquisition channels. I don't think by any means we're at a place where you should be replacing your paid ads with any other channel. I don't think that would make sense at all.

But I think to be able to diversify even 10 to 20% of your new customer acquisition to a channel where you own the relationship, you control the CAC. It's just something that, you know, it can't be taken from you if, you know, CPM spike, whatever. It's something that you own.

You know, everyone talks about owned retention channels, like your email list, et cetera. But what about owned acquisition channels? Like there's very few opportunities to have something like that.

And creator affiliate relationships are one of those. Social snowball is the platform that lets you build out that type of, you know, partnership program. Amazing.

Yeah. There was a reason why I wanted to have you on, especially like towards the end of 2024 when brands are starting to reevaluate their strategies for the coming year and what they're going to do in 2025. And I feel like every year we're always a little bit more nervous than the year previously about paid social advertising and paid social spend and CPMs, which is why honestly, the more that I develop in my career, the more that I look for alternative growth strategies that can help support it, which is why affiliate is a huge interest to me.

Because you get that content aspect of it and you really build that relationship with the creator, but isn't relying completely on the meta ads beast. So Noah, thank you so much for joining me. Thank you for, I know you're normally based out of LA, but, you know, coming back from Mexico, like what a journey.

You're awesome. And who knows, maybe you'll see me in LA a little bit more. It's a teaser for my audience.

That'd be awesome. Right. All right.

The end.