This is a must test strategy for service based businesses, lead generation, course creators, and business owners doing it all themselves. In today's video, I'm going to show you about a little known tool inside of Meta Business Suite that is actually responsible for driving the most amount of revenue for businesses using the platform. The reason why it's so effective is because it allows you to engage with potential customers in real time.

And again, this is incredibly ideal for service based businesses, lead generation, and business owners. You can do this by using ads that clicked a message to talk with your customers, drive sales, and generate leads. So this is literally selling in the DMs.

It's a strategy I used a lot as a former business owner to acquire my first 100 customers. On this channel, we often talk about e-commerce, ads for D2C brands, and ads manager. So I thought we'd change it up a bit to do a deep dive on this hidden gem in the Meta Business Suite.

And for those of you that aren't familiar, Meta Business Suite is a tool that allows you to manage all of your daily activities inside of Facebook and Instagram. Here you can create ads, manage your inbox, schedule and post content across all of Meta's platforms, and so much more all from a single location. How it works is when someone clicks on your ad, it opens up a chat in Messenger, WhatsApp, or Instagram, which allows you to interact in real time.

So you can answer questions and see what your customers are looking for. These ads are great for building deeper customer relationships through one-on-one conversations. So you can talk directly with potential clients who are interested in working with your home remodeling business, your marketing agency, your tech services business, or even potential real estate clients.

In my experience, ads that click to message almost always results in a higher quality lead. And that's because you're pre-qualifying that lead through a one-on-one conversation or through a series of frequently asked pre-populated questions. This is how I think a click to message ad would be the most successful.

Number one, your ad creative is of course going to be the most important part. Your creative is going to need to stand out to people who are ready to make direct contact to your type of service or company, and essentially get stuff done. So an image graphic or service explainer video that clearly communicates what you do and your customer's end goal is likely to do the best here.

Pair that with copy asking your customers to message you. If I had a marketing agency, for instance, I would also list two frequently asked questions that I commonly get from leads before they sign. And the third question should be if you're available to chat.

I'd make sure that your sales or marketing team is around, especially during business hours to take advantage of these opportunities and messages because the sooner those can be answered, the better. Let me show you exactly how to create and set up an ad that clicks to message inside a meta business suite. You're going to begin by selecting the ads tab on the left side of the screen.

From here, you're going to go over to create ad, and that's going to open you up to a product picker. And there you're going to select get more messages. Here you're going to be able to create the look and feel of your ad.

You're going to be able to put in your primary text copy that's going to show up. You're going to be able to select if you want to put an image or a video, as well as your headline. You have a few other details that you have to put in here as well.

You can turn on advantage plus creative if you want to allow the algorithm to choose the type of creatives that it already has in this arsenal. And here you're also going to be able to select the messaging apps and your messaging template. So you can offer people a greeting.

This says hi Dara right now, but it's actually going to show up hi and then the person's first name. And then here are the pre-populated questions that you can also input as well. And you can also have automated responses to these questions if you wish, but that's something you have to toggle on inside.

Here you're going to select the apps where you want people to message you. I would go ahead and select them all so that people can use whatever is most comfortable for them. Here's where you can turn on a special ad category.

If you have a business that involves social issues, elections, or politics. And right here is where you would detail the targeting of your ad too. And then you're going to be able to set the duration.

I would go ahead and just let it run continuously unless you want to have a specific date when it'll end. And then you're going to be putting in the daily budget and that's pretty much it. You'll go ahead and hit promote now.

I know many of you use ads manager and you're probably wondering if you could do this type of campaign inside of ads manager, but I suggest if you want to give this a try, try it inside of Meta Business Suite. The setup is way simpler and it won't take much time to get out the door. It's also a lot easier for your customer service team to use in case they need to make a quick change on the app.

Interestingly, Meta has found that 75% of users actually prefer to use the boost feature as opposed to building an ad from scratch. So if you're brand new to Facebook marketing, then that would be a decent place to start. Once your ad is live, you're going to actually need to start responding to those messages.

And regardless if your customers are responding via Facebook, Instagram, or WhatsApp, you can view all of those conversations in Inbox. Inbox allows businesses to read and reply to messages from a mobile device or their computer, which saves a lot of time since it's all in one place. To monitor the performance on these, ultimately you're going to want to take note of how qualified these leads are and how valuable the conversations are that are being started.

If you find that you're not quite getting the right type of customer or inquiry, you can change up the messaging on your ad to see if that helps improve the quality of leads that are reaching out to you. I'd also take note of the following data points. Number one is the number of conversations that are being started.

Number two is the cost of those conversations. So if you test multiple ads, these two data points are ultimately going to tell you which ad is more successful. Number three is the CTR or click through rate of the people starting the conversations.

So this will tell you the engagement rate of how many people are actually clicking on that call to action or CTA. And number four, how many of those conversations actually went on to become clients of your business. And what's cool too is after a few of these conversations, you're going to be able to anticipate what type of information people actually want from you and use that to inform the creative in your ads.

Ready to get started? Check out the link in the description for more resources and also let me know how you plan on messaging your customers.