Hey marketers, what's up? So it is about 1.40 in the afternoon and I've already scaled up a number of clients and we've also re-strategized and a few things that we saw weren't working, but we do seem to be in a really good place right now. So I have a few moments to answer some questions that you guys asked on my community page as well as my Instagram stories about Black Friday Cyber Monday.

So the first question I'm going to answer is from Constantine and he asked, what is my plan for Black Friday Cyber Monday? Now I'm going to go into more of the kind of offers and the kind of discounts and the strategies that I'm doing for my clients, but I'm actually taking this question as like, what is my personal plan? So my plan has been really over the last week loading up and deploying the different kinds of offers that my ad accounts had.

Now some of my clients launched on Thanksgiving night, so I stayed up for that. Others launched earlier in the week. So this has really been like an all week process.

And I did also have one client launched yesterday night, which I was up for. But my general plan really for today is that I'm going to be managing three accounts incredibly closely, checking in on them about twice an hour and monitoring certain KPIs to see if there are things that I can scale up rather quickly. And I've already done a little bit of that, which is super exciting.

And also if there's something that's not quite looking right, and then we can re-strategize and get that back on the right path. We've also had a little bit of that this morning. So, you know, nothing out of the norm for Black Friday, Cyber Monday.

Now, another question that I got from Katrina is asking, how far in advance did you start planning Black Friday, Cyber Monday? And this is a great question. I actually feel like I did a really good job at this year.

I started planning all the way back in early September. And that's also around the time that I launched my video, which was about my broad strategy concerning Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And this is also around the time that I started really communicating with my clients and strategizing with them as well.

So these are the three main steps that I took that were really important to success this year. Number one was I actually created a form that I required all of my clients to fill out by the end of September that went over things like their offers and discounts, as well as important timelines. This is an idea that I got from Chase Dinman.

I'll actually link the video that he posted on this below. He's a really great expert email marketer that has so much great insight. And I 1000% completely stole his approach in this aspect.

And it really served me a while. So thank you so much, Chase. Now, number two, after we had this broad plan for our clients, the next thing that I really went deep on is strategizing for content.

Now, every single year, I see the same kind of offer discount graphic that just pops up everywhere and there's no escaping it. So this year, I really wanted to concentrate on requiring my clients to have four different kinds of content. So we really wanted to, you know, yes, of course, have that one graphic.

It does do well. It's just annoying to see. Two, I also wanted to concentrate on more UGC style content and video.

Three, a sort of GIF-like content. And then four, carousel. So we would have for every single offer, at least four pieces of content so that we could figure out what is going to work best.

Now, for the most part, we required our clients to have this content to us two weeks ago. So pretty far in advance. And the reason why is because Facebook was actually going to have off this entire week.

And we were really concerned about getting ad approvals in on time. So another big part of our strategy was actually having all of this completely loaded as soon as we got it in. So for a majority of our clients, we've actually had the content locked and loaded and ready to go for the last two weeks.

However, I have been building out a few extra things this week, just for a few clients that had other content that they wanted to upload. The ads manager has been quite a bit slower and glitchy this week. So I'm really glad that we planned ahead in that aspect and got our clients to give us the content ahead of time.

So another question that I got about planning was from Femke. And she asked, how do Western countries plan for Christmas? Any specific strategies we can possibly implement?

This is my first Christmas and I would like to really help my clients make profit, which is so great. I can already tell that you're going to be a great media buyer because you really care about your clients. That's awesome.

So for Western countries, Black Friday, Cyber Monday is the pinnacle of this period. So you want your focus and your budget to really be front loaded in this time. You're also going to want to have another push for your shipping cutoff date.

So maybe your brand can ensure shipping if people place their orders by the 15th, 16th, 17th, whatever. It's different for every brand. And that's another time that I tend to increase spend.

This was within that week before the shipping cutoff. As far as strategies to implement, really, I cannot emphasize enough the need for diverse content at this time. Like I just said, I required all my clients to have four different kinds of content.

And I definitely think that that's something that other media buyers should be doing as well. Unsurprisingly, as it stands right now, I'm actually seeing a lot of really good traction out of our UGC mashups that we made. We also had an overlay of the offer.

So it wasn't just like our old UGC mashups that we used in our evergreen funnels, but we actually recreated new ones to showcase the offer front and center and have a little bit more language around gifting and Black Friday, Cyber Monday, holidays, whatever. And those seem to be doing really, really well. So I think that, you know, if you have time before the shipping cutoff date, try running something like that.

And another thing I'm seeing a lot of brands messing up on right now is that their website is not reflecting their offer. So be sure that whatever kind of offer you have running on your ads, that you also have a banner or a big splash calling out the offer directly on that landing page so that you don't have to make your customers work harder to know that they're going to get the best deal possible. Okay.

So next up, Isaiah Mitchell asks, what types of creatives and offers are you running? Is there anything new? And do you just use your past best performing ad sets and lookalikes?

So the offers I'm running, to be honest, like aren't anything special. I'm running a 30% off offer, a 20% off offer, and then a 20% off offer with free shipping. And again, for the creatives, the main strategy that I enforced with all my clients this year was the need to diversify.

So I required four different types of ad format creative from them. And that does seem to be working really well. So I'm really glad that I did that.

So one of the creatives that I actually encouraged all my clients to make was a video note from the founder in selfie position. So it was kind of kind of UGC slash brand made content. And really what I was trying to do here is I was trying to humanize this shit show of a holiday.

And so far that does seem to be working really well. So I'm really excited about that. Now for the question, if I just use my past best performing ad sets and lookalikes.

And the answer for that is yes. Actually at the beginning of this season, we decided to test just using our best ad sets versus building out brand new ones for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And we saw better results from just keeping the old campaigns and ad sets running.

So that's what I've done across most of my accounts. And it does seem to be holding up really well. So I'm happy about that.

And while I am relying on a lot of the old audiences that have done well for us in the past, we're also testing out a lot of new things this week. And here are the three things that I just see working across the board. And number one is a lookalike based on the purchasers of the last seven days.

This is actually a suggestion I got from Chris, who's doing a lookalike based on the purchasers of the last three days. I didn't think that my pixel had enough data for that. So I'm trying out seven days and it's working really well.

So thanks, Chris. And then another one that's doing really well for me is that console gamers female audience is just killing it. I keep on scaling it.

It started at 2000 a day this morning, and I've already bumped up to 10k and it is still going. I'm so pumped. And then the last audience I see doing really well across the board is a stacked purchaser lookalike, which I actually talked about in my shorts video last week.

So I'll leave that a link below so you can see more about that. Okay. Now I'm going to finish out some of the questions that you guys asked me on Instagram stories.

This one, what kind of ads for perfume brands on Black Friday? So I've actually worked with a number of perfume brands and it's a pretty tough industry. So I think the things that are going to work best for you is partnering with influencers or really investing in your content and your brand to find that the perfume brands that do well, really focus on their why and why they're different from other D to C perfume brands.

So definitely invest in your content kind of ads I suggest would be user generated content. So getting people to do reviews of your perfume, also partner with influencers and stuff like that. And if you have any press hits, definitely be sure to showcase those front and center.

Another question is how do you deal with the pressure to outperform last year? So this is a great question again from my friend Katrina, who works in influencer marketing. So she definitely understands the pressure for Black Friday, Cyber Monday.

And what I really try and do is educate my clients on what is a reasonable expectation and what is an unreasonable expectation. So that requires me to have a lot of difficult conversations almost weekly, I feel, especially leading up to Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Luckily, most of my clients, especially the ones that I'm working directly with, they had really reasonable expectations because they've seen their sales spike or even go down because of the pandemic.

So they really understand that this year is different than all other years. So I don't quite feel that pressure as much as I have in years past. But I think there is still a pressure to at least meet or be out the kind of spikes that we've seen over the year.

But the reality is, is that like the consumer is a lot different, especially the American consumer. You know, we just had an election, we're going through a lot of things with the pandemic, and like we're not able to be with our family. So I'm also trying to investigate a lot of what's going in the minds of our consumer right now and providing that analysis to all of my clients to help temper their expectations.

Now I have another one from Femke who asks, when do we start running mofu games just after tofu if you have the data? And I definitely think that you must be running mofu campaigns during this time. The reality is that you're actually going to be getting the best returns from your mofu audiences.

So these are going to be your website visitors or social engagers because they've already heard of you. So those are going to be the people that are actually going to be most likely to convert on Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Another question from Ariel, who I used to mentor in New York, she says, are all digital marketers masochists or is it just a...

I think it's a really delicate dance to be a data-driven results-focused marketer while also not tying your self-worth to the results. It's really tough. I think that people that are a little crazy and obsessive about their craft are the ones that do well.

So at least that's what I tell myself to get to sleep at night. Okay, and that is all for the Q&A AMA. I was actually thinking about rolling the question and answer portion of Black Friday, Cyber Monday into the Black Friday, Cyber Monday vlog, but I think it's going to be way too long.

So I'm probably going to separate them out into the editing. So you can expect part two of my Black Friday, Cyber Monday vlog, which takes you through a day in the life of a remote marketer on Black Friday. Not going to want to miss it.

You already see me today and you know at some point I get into bed and I just never move. So this is what you can expect. Okay guys, thanks.

Bye.