All right, welcome to this show. Welcome to the episode of cold emails and hot takes. Today I'm with Ken Allen.

He's the founder of autoop.io, a B2B growth agency, and he was also one of our first power users. And I know he's in the trenches. I know he knows what he's talking about.

Is it true? Cold email experts are really excited to have you on Ken and welcome. How are you doing?

Doing great. Doing great. And thanks for having me on those.

Yeah, it's fun. It's been fun to watch the journey of instantly actually, because you're right. I think I was one of the first sort of enterprise clients that I had a big high volume client and just been keep, we keep going from there.

So it's a lot of fun. Exactly. Awesome.

Yeah. And I'm following you on Twitter too, and you've been dropping some gold lately. I think it was just one tweet that you put out today.

And I'm going to quote, you said, we signed a fantastic client recently, raised over 10 million featured in Forbes, Fortune, et cetera, by scraping job listings. And I'd be curious to hear about that strategy. Like, you know, some advanced strategies when it comes to scraping data and so on, like, how do you go about that?

Yeah, definitely. So I think that's been a really good arm of our business, right? Just having a VA to sort of do this manually.

But the idea is they do it every day. And it's sort of speed the lead. So what we'll do is we'll find people who can replicate kind of what we do, right?

So it's serving that top of funnel. So that means job titles like SDR, BDR, sales rep, et cetera. And so we'll go to LinkedIn and angel lists and then other directories, particularly if they have the hiring contacts visible.

And so, yeah, we'll get the information there about who's hiring. We'll contact them directly and just say, hey, we can do this and we can provide actually much more output than one person can for just a little bit less of the expense. And so usually that gets their attention, right?

And so, yeah, you're right. That was one I put out today. But actually we're very close now to closing potentially another client that's raised over 100 million through the same process.

And that could be imminent. So, you know, fingers crossed. Nice.

Congrats. And yeah, that just in time relevant data when you know exactly this is the state of mind they're at and you hit them with the right message at the right time. It's like a smart strategy to go about it.

Yeah. I mean, that's the most important one, I think. You know, the other aspect too is that almost always people are going to apply to these job listings, right?

Hitting the sort of quick apply feature. They apply internally through whatever website it might be. But if you apply and message them directly and even call that out, I think that there's, you stand apart to some degree and, you know, it shows some degree of initiative.

And if you can write well, just keep things light, which I think should always be the approach with this cold email stuff, you stand a good chance of at least getting a call. Okay. Interesting.

So you mentioned like you, you keep it light. Can you, can you tell me a little bit more about that? Like how you go about like, let's say the message, the type of topic that you're keeping it light or what, how do you mean that?

Yeah. So, I mean, obviously personalization is important, right? With any of this, of course, but I think just to call the action always very light.

So I might say something like, and my background is, you know, I am an entrepreneur, so I had a retail company, I sold it, but I'll call that out too. So it's trying to thread this needle for me of saying, Hey, you know, I'm a fellow entrepreneur, two companies founded, one acquired, but if you just like to chat, you know, even just that, you know, just let me know. So keeping it open to even just chatting.

And sometimes though, people want to just chat, but it's, it's okay. It's worth it. And it's usually, you know, it's fun to always be meeting people, but just the idea that you don't want to hammer somebody, you know, out of the gate with a Calum Lee leg or something like that, or it's just so, just so aggressive.

I think just keeping it just very, again, very light has always served, served me well. So yeah, definitely. I noticed that too, like with the call to actions, like kind of, you know, not just going in right away, Hey, let's set up a 30 minute call.

Let's set up a one hour call, like maybe keeping it light. Hey, you're interested to hear more mind if I send you more info, like, like, like what you said, like keeping it light with that soft landing call to action. That's, that's been working well for sure.

Yeah. And you guys I've noticed too, um, you've had some great, just far better than what I've put out on Twitter, but some really good stuff. And you guys have had, I don't know how many different iterations of that soft touch, that soft call to action, but no, I mean, you get it.

Cause you just want to get really interest from that first, that first contact, uh, not so much the call itself. Yeah, for sure. Um, I was, I was reading all the, all the tweets, which really, uh, captured my attention is you mentioned Zapier automation.

So you mentioned, uh, you know, using Zapier integrations with cold email, what are, which I would put like more like in the advanced, you know, advanced level of cold emailing, maybe like advanced, uh, what, what are your, some of your favorite, like hacks or automations with Zapier in conjunction with cold email that you'd like to have set up? Yeah. So if anybody has a newsletter list, which is, you know, by definition really kind of opt in, um, we'll do it with certain clients that are, that are game to go a little bit gray hat, to be a little bit aggressive.

Um, anytime somebody comes back and they have some degree of interest, almost treat it like a de facto opt in, uh, we'll run a Zap whereby if, you know, we can just put, if they're using Gmail, we'll put a label onto it that might be MailChimp, for example. Right. And then they'll just add that person to the subscriber list.

So if they're pumping a ton of volume, which some of my clients are, uh, just by getting reasonably decent replies over the course of months, it allows them to build up a nice, um, you know, mail mail list as well. And so then the approach can be from their side and I'll do this too, for, for my own sort of internal purposes, but, you know, after you have a call, you know, then they can get a remailer or some specific targeting. Right.

And that's, that's effective, but just being able to have that data and have, have those extra contacts and then without having to do it for much work. Right. Zapier is great.

So that's one that I like a lot. Okay. Great.

Yeah. That's, that's something I should definitely start implementing. Like any, any reply, anything, uh, interested or like they're looking for more info, like pushing them into that, into the new newsletter or email marketing.

Uh, that's a good, uh, that's a good tip there. Great. I'm curious, how did you learn about cold emailing?

Like how did you get to that level where you, I mean, we've all taught, I'm assuming like you're sending a ton, ton of volume. Uh, what was it kind of your process to, to get there from like, just starting out to, to, uh, sending really high volumes? Yeah.

So it's, so it's funny. Cause I, my background, right. I was in retail, right.

I had a convenience store way back when I started it and I had it, uh, at age 25, I sold it, um, back in 17. Right. And I took a sabbatical, didn't really do anything.

Right. Took a year just to travel, you know, with the places that you can't quite go now, like China, Russia and, um, got back in though. I, you know, I worked, of course I was the director of business, this company called source pad.

What we did there was a source pad made websites and mobile apps, typically for startups, some SMBs, but, uh, I know I was tasked by our CEO, Joe Chin, who's brilliant guy, right. Serial entrepreneur raised over 30 million. He sent three exits.

He's also an Ivy league educated rocket scientist. So he's smarter than me. Uh, but he said, you know, the way that we're going to get source pad really, really scaled is through cold email.

And this is about, I think late 2018, if I remember right. Um, you know, it's funny, but given my background, I was sort of skeptical. I thought cold email doesn't work and it definitely doesn't work and wouldn't work in that space where it's just so saturated, you know, everyone wants to build their website or build your app.

And, um, you know, the long story short was that he was right. And I was, I was wrong. Uh, cause it did work, you know, we did hundreds of thousands a year in revenue, just from cold email.

And actually within the past year, a source pad was acquired. So, uh, that's something I was doing. Yeah.

Kind of quietly, right. Just for years though, just iterating and tweaking and finding, you know, just better ways to do it. Um, and then, so it was clear to me that with that as a really nice use case that if it could work there, you know, auto up had to be formed and, um, you know, having my own, my own show, so to speak, but, and it was just great timing from there when instantly came out because we had built something internally at source path.

It was kind of like that. Didn't have the UI wasn't client facing, um, wasn't as robust, wasn't as good. So seeing what you guys were able to bring out was just, it was a godsend and still is.

Great, great to hear. Great to hear. And, um, let's say people that are starting out, they're more like, you know, they're in the beginning, beginning level of cold email.

What do you see some common mistakes that people are doing out there? Uh, you know, I know you're in the, in the space too, like, what do you see people struggling with or what are like some obvious mistakes for you where people run into it all the time or you say, Hey, like, this is something you shouldn't do in order to be successful with cold email. Yeah.

I think that, you know, there's a lot of things, right. Cause there's, this is almost like alchemy in a sense. There's so much that goes into it to get it just right.

But I think you can look at the fundamentals, you know, the sort of unsexy elements of like D Kim, DMARC, SPF, there's that there's, you know, the different technical aspects, but I think it goes deeper than that. Right. I think that a lot of people just can't write very well.

And unfortunately, I think as well, more than that though, you're seeing more and more saturation in the space where these young guys come in buried entries low and they just immediately commodify themselves. You know, they'll do it on a performance level. Um, there's very little skin in the game.

That's sort of driving down, you know, the reality is kind of for a lot of other people. Um, but, but I think I would point to just the wordsmith thing on it all. Um, too much of it is, is too long winded.

Uh, I think short and light is great. And a lot of it is trying to write you a novella and just really trying to tell you a whole narrative story and get that call right out of the gate. Nobody wants to read that stuff.

You know, it's just, it doesn't work. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

What's your creative process to come up with copywriting? Because I know a lot of people struggle with the copywriting side of things. You know, when we put our content, the most popular content is just called email templates, right?

Nobody just wants to write it themselves, even though that's like a huge leverage point, in my opinion, like just writing fresh copy. I mean, just obviously you can use some pointers, some templates, you can see what's out there, but like really, if you come up with your own banger, with your own like sequence, something that no one else is using, that's when people are gonna, you know, really pull in those positive replies. So kind of what's your creative process to, to write those sequences, uh, that's, that turn out to be successful.

Yeah. So it's really, it's inherently collaborative, right? We'll tell our clients that we don't just ask them to join us for weekly calls, we actually require it.

And so before we even get there though, we do have an onboarding form that asks them really to think deeply about their offer. And, you know, at first blush, it may sound almost redundant, but, uh, we found that we've had really good feedback from clients that, yeah, this did help me sort of understand how I'm different, you know, what makes me stand out, you know, in terms of my positioning. Um, but I think there are certain things that we'll look for, right?

And just the construction of a good cold email. I like to have at least three points of personalization. Anybody can do high first name nowadays.

Right. Um, but I think that having that first line, which doesn't need to be too detailed, can just be an introductory hook about, Hey, I'm reaching out. Uh, the second line, I like it to be an offer and if it can be quantifiable with some kind of measurable in there or a big ticket name drop about, you know, clients that they've worked with good press, that's nice.

And then finally that really light call to action and that's kind of it, right. And just sort of making it conform somehow to that. Um, that's, that's the way that I always tend to approach it, but always though, you know, in concert with the, with my clients.

Yeah. Got it. In terms of, so this would be like for the first touch email or the first step in terms of like, let's say second step, first step, do you do a lot of follow-ups?

Like what, what's kind of your strategy with follow-ups usually? So I prefer to do, to do more and it, it depends who they're coming from. Right.

So if we're working with like almost SDR level types of folks, then I think it makes sense to touch them more. And if you have, you know, the C-suite or somebody like that, you know, having consistent outreach maybe isn't the best look. Um, so I, you know, it just depends.

I, I, I think that if there's a school of thought, it's not wrong that you should reach out to somebody until they say no. Um, the flip side though is you vent invariably, you're going to get marked to spam and there's that component of it too. Right.

So, um, I like, I like one to two follow-ups personally. Um, I am always kind of testing on that. Uh, and I, and I might be admittedly kind of in the minority about not wanting to have too many, but that's, that's kind of where I'm at, uh, right now for the most part.

Yeah. Yeah. So the same here.

I like to keep it around like three steps. I also see like people just crushing it with one step, you know, just one, one email. They just do one email.

Like what you said, right. If you do the sequence too long, sometimes, yeah, obviously you just want, there's the school of fault and I've said this before too, like you either want a yes or no, but the problem is with that kind of limit of the downside is if, if there's too many steps in the sequence and you're sending eight steps, uh, you're more likely to be marked as spam too. So that's kind of the downside, like you said.

Right. I totally agree. Yeah.

I think just keeping it light, whether that's right or wrong, I don't know, but it tends to work. So I'm happy for now. Great.

What are some of your, uh, favorite subject lines? What would you say? You know, I hate to say, I hate to say it, but the quick question just works.

Doesn't it? I mean, it's funny. I was just on Twitter just before we got on here and somebody, you know, just before we got in here, was just saying, I will never open up and they're in, they're in the same business as we are.

They do what we do. And this guy said, you know, if I see quick questions, it's automatically going to spam. It never works be original.

And it was just sort of like, you know, crusade. And I thought, I get it. If I see quick question, I know what it means too.

I know it's might as well be solicitation, right. In the subject line. But that's irrelevant, you know, that just for the 0.1% of folks who do this.

Yeah. We know, cause we're close to it, but for everybody else, right. The data is pretty overwhelming.

Like that's, that subject line prints that works. So, so I like that one, uh, beyond that though, there's some others that, that I'm not opposed to, I think just depending on the type of company and company name, like just the company, right. I think it works better for smaller companies and organizations.

Like, I don't think you would send Tim cook and as much as you're sending Tim cook, anything, something that says apple. But if you're like one to 10 size, and if someone wrote me one, just said auto up, you know, my eyes are probably going to pop out of my head. Like, what is this fact that's happened?

Right. Uh, so, so that's one, um, something like saw your background, you know, there's other ones, but at the end of the day, it's really tough to argue with quick question. Yeah.

That's a solid, solid, reliable performer for sure. Interesting. That one was just company name.

I think I'm gonna, I'm gonna test that, test, test that one. I haven't tried it before. Yeah.

Give it a look. Um, I might give it a shot. And, uh, great.

So, uh, what do we say? I mean, you don't have to share, you know, your secrets here, but we're usually, and it's a sensitive subject, but what is your kind of your favorite lead sources, your favorite data sources out there, um, that you like to use and, uh, that you can rely on. Yeah, totally.

I mean, Apollo is a classic. That's a really solid one. Um, you know, any of the sort of cell SAS white labels for volume is important.

You really got to clean those though. Um, but really, like, I think one of our advantages is that, uh, we have a team of four, um, they're all in Manila, but one is a former developer or sorry, current developer, but formerly Sony. So she's really good.

And so oftentimes she can build scrapers ad hoc. So if I have a client, right. That needs a professional directory sourced or scraped, you know, oftentimes we can scrape that and sort of build our own.

Um, and that's really helpful. And that's been, you know, nice to set us apart, but I think if you're looking kind of mainstream, um, Apollo is fantastic. And there's another I'm taking a look at, cause it's on app Sumo lifetime deal and seems to be very close to Apollo.

Uh, and that's lead rocks. So, so far, um, so far that's been interesting because you can stack that lifetime deal too. Um, and then yeah, being able to always got to clean it and verify it sometimes two times, but I would take a peek at that one also.

Okay. That sounds interesting. Lead rocks.

I'll check it out. Um, I'm curious when you do these custom scrapers, um, do you, uh, is there a process for you to, to enrich the data or like, I'm assuming you can mostly get the domain names or can you also get the email addresses of people? Like how do you go about like, once you have the domain name list, do you just enrich it with Apollo or is it like something else?

Yeah, it totally depends. Sometimes we have it outright. Sometimes we have to enrich with Apollo or we can enrich with cell SaaS.

Um, so it depends, but usually, usually though there is an extra step where we have to enrich Apollo to your point. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. Interesting. Um, also one, one thing that I want to mention, like, uh, shout out to you, we started using, uh, for lead verification, because you also mentioned it, we started using million verifier and then it was a suggestion from you.

Uh, we switched over from bulk email checker to million verifier, which is the same price at the higher packages, but it's much faster. So that's much faster, isn't it? Yeah.

That's, that saves some time. It's, um, it's good to know about the data. And that was an old source pad tip.

So it's still, still going strong today though. It's been a winner for a few years, even. Yeah.

Nice. Um, one of the last questions here, um, I like to ask it sometimes is what's kind of something about cold email that only, you know, It's only I know. Oh gosh, that's a great question.

I don't know. There are so many smart people in this space, um, that I don't know that I have any unique knowledge, particularly it's, it's, it's hard to say. That's a great question.

Um, I'll probably come back later and say, Hey, there's something, but, um, I think if I look at somebody like Nick Abraham, for example, or you or your partner, I mean, there's a certain section of guys, it's not a big number, but I just feel like the, the knowledge is just, it's so wide. It's so deep. Um, it's hard to know.

Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.

It's always good. I feel like, you know, the, uh, best knowledge is just like what you said, like talking to other people in the industry that are in the trenches, actually sending emails. Like you mentioned Nick Abraham, like me talking to you, um, you know, I'm talking to Raul and talking to other people who are actually sending emails.

That's, that's where the cutting edge info, info comes in. Yeah. Great.

Yeah. I mean, Ken, it was great to have you on our episode called emails, hot takes information dense strategy, dense, uh, uh, episode, uh, you dropped some nuggets there and, uh, yeah, maybe let, uh, let the viewers know, uh, where they can find you. And, uh, also drop the links in the, in the show notes in the description of this video and, uh, yeah, then they can, they can, uh, go take a look.

Yeah, totally. Uh, yeah. So best place would be just, uh, auto up a U T O U P dot IO.

And, uh, I think I'm on Twitter at Ken auto up. So yeah, both of those are good ways to get me. I'm on LinkedIn too.

Um, but I would say all of that is a, is a nice way to reach me for sure. And thanks those appreciate you having me on. Uh, definitely enjoyed it now.

Okay, great. Yeah. Uh, it was great to have you on and, uh, I'm sure people will like this, like a lot of actionable tips and, uh, thanks.

Thanks for being on. Totally. Thanks man.

Talk to you soon. Thank you. Bye.

Bye. Okay. Bye.