Hi everyone, Rea from Instantly here and in today's video I wanted to talk to you about why your cold emails are getting ghosted or not getting replies and also how to fix it. So there's nothing worse than putting a lot of time and effort into cold email campaigns and then not getting results out of them all because you didn't avoid some common mistakes that could have easily been avoided. So everything I'm going to talk about in this video is going to help you get more replies, more meetings and ultimately more revenue for your business.

So let's jump right into it. So the first thing I wanted to talk about is kind of like a broad one. It's that your emails don't even reach the person's inbox that you're trying to send emails to.

So problems like technical setup done wrong, sending out too many emails and also just straight up spamming are the main reasons why you're getting stuck. So let's say in spam, in the promotions folder or you're just getting bounces because of these reasons. And to fix these it's ultimately super easy.

So you just need to follow all the guides we put out. So I'm going to link in the description as well, following instantly setup guides in doing the technical setup. So this means buying domains, creating email accounts, making sure that the DNS records are all correctly set up and everything along those lines.

Then the second point, sending out too many emails is again, a super easy fix. So you need to just stick to the recommended limits that we can give you. So that's in general 50 emails per day per email account.

So not exceeding that limit. Because what we often see is that people who try to send out more emails and they just crank up the sending volumes are the people that are going to get stuck in spam and have deliverability issues, which ultimately means that their emails will not even be seen by the people that they're sending emails to. And the third point of spamming kind of goes together with the volume, but also making emails relevant.

So don't just pick out like a huge list of people and just send out a generic email to everyone and see what like sticks. Make your lead lists relevant. So pick out into like exact niches you want to contact, make sure that your emails are super relevant for that niche.

So the people that are actually opening it, they feel like it's targeted towards them. It makes sense to them. And this way you'll get way less like spam reports, all that kind of stuff.

And yeah, that will do wonders for your deliverability. All right, moving on to the second reason, which is you have not tested enough copies and targeting options. So people very rarely land on a winning copy and targeting right away.

It's not like you put up your first campaign, just put any leads in there, write a random copy, and you're going to get the best results ever. Usually it does not work that way. So you need to get super lucky for it to like get it right right away.

So you need to constantly be testing different copies, angles and targeting options. So to bring you a couple examples, so in terms of testing different targeting options, so a lot of people are going to go after CEOs only and especially like US CEOs. So these are the people who are going to get the most amount of cold emails.

It's going to be the most difficult to get their attention. So you could try targeting other C-level executives, lower level managers, try switching up the countries and yeah, just playing with the targeting. And the second point comes from the copywriting world.

So you want to create multiple different copies and campaigns. So let's say five to ten different copies and you want to make them like actually different. So one copy you can write like a longer one, one is super short one, one like a middle one.

Then from one copy you can make like super vague. So you're not going to mention every detail about what you're offering. The other one you can make more like detail oriented and so on.

So the idea is that make those copies actually different. So you're actually testing something because if you make those copies like the tiniest changes ever, you're probably not going to get like the best information out of your test. So you want to test that first, at least super different things.

And then once you figure out, okay, these types of copies work the best for me. Now you can take those ones out and continue with them and make those tiny adjustments. Now, like try a softer call to action, try a different kind of subject line.

Then you can make those like tinier adjustments. But at first you want to do go like really big into testing. Right.

And the third point I wanted to talk about kind of ties together with the previous points as well is you're asking for too much too soon. So this oftentimes means that your call to action at the end of the emails is asking too much. So for example, asking for a call right away.

So you have to keep in mind that these are cold emails. The person you're contacting has never heard of you before, like most likely and jumping on a call right away might feel a bit too much at first. So try softening your call to action.

So you can ask for interest, you can ask for permission to send over a loom or any kind of like additional information. And you can play around with this entire like mindset of just asking less of the person. Also, you can think about offering value right away.

So here's what we kind of mean with the loom video. So you're gonna ask them if they're interested in seeing a loom video or something about your service or like what you can do for them. So already it's like offering value, right?

So now instead of responding like, yeah, okay, let's jump on a call. They just have to respond like, yeah, I'm interested or like, all right, send it over. And now from that point, you already have like a warm lead, a warm contact that you can follow up with.

And it's in in your like sales pipeline. So this is going to boost your reply rates a ton for sure. And it's much easier to continue like an ongoing conversation once you've already gotten that first positive response.

And last but not least, your offer may not be good enough. So this may be like a more difficult pill to swallow. But you also have to take a critical look at your offer and figure out how to make it more attractive.

So as you can see from the tweet below, I tweeted out, even the best copy and targeting cannot save a bad offer. A great offer, however, will get results even with a mediocre copy and targeting. So if you can make your offer the best, it can be the most attractive.

You can get away with the worst copy. You can do plenty of mistakes and still get great results. If you have a bad offer, it's going to be so difficult to sell.

And the same goes for, it's not just about like cold email. The same goes for like all marketing, like paid ads, all that kind of stuff. If your offer just is not attractive to people, you're not going to get great results out of that.

So kind of taking a hard look at your offer. Also your niche, maybe you can pick out the niche that's better, less saturated. It's going to do wonders for your results.

And for that, I recommend checking out the niche and offer section in the Instantly Accelerator. So for those who don't know, the Instantly Accelerator is a cold email course that we put together. It's in the Instantly app itself.

It's free for every single user, even the free trials and basically everything we know we put into those guides. So check out the niche and offer section. There's a bunch of useful stuff there where you can make your offer much more attractive and also pick a niche that works just better.

And this way it will basically boost everything you're doing. So if you're putting effort into copies, targeting, all that stuff, it will be magnified by your offer just being more attractive as well. So this, I would say, is kind of the most important part of just getting great results.

All right. And that's pretty much it from my side. Thank you so much for watching.

If you like these kinds of videos and you want to see more in the future, make sure you like and subscribe. And yeah, see you guys later. Bye.