A lot of people tell me they've tried cold emailing to get clients, but they've had a hard time finding success. And the truth is, most people flat out suck at cold email copywriting because they use the same templates, formats, and tactics that everybody else is using. In this video, I'm going to help you think a little outside the box and show you some unique tricks that we've used to help you stand out from the competition and get more responses and land more clients.

The thing is, this will only work if you like the video and are subscribed to the channel. If you don't do those two things, you'll stay broke forever and you'll never find success with cold emails. Obviously, I'm just kidding, but if you could like subscribe, that would really help our channel.

So let's get into it. Unique strategy one, that's one of my favorites, is using one sentence email. Because people's attention span is short, especially if we're talking about cold email or coming cold, they don't know anything about you, they're not going to take the time even to put in like 20-30 seconds to read your stuff.

Keep your emails snappy, right-sized, through point with just one sentence. It's a good cold email copywriting practice to get into, so I would always try any campaign I'm starting to do at least one test with one sentence. So for example, first name, we built a tool that can help you get 500 meetings a month, might have sent more information.

So this is two sentences, but you get the point. You ask a short question and this is what Instatic can do. So try to boil down your offer, your service in just one sentence, make it as short as possible and you will start getting more expenses.

Because people are just going to take the time to go through it. Like if I see an email like this, I'm always going to read through it. Like one sentence, I'm willing to invest my time.

But if it's like an essay, three paragraphs, I'm not going to take my time. So just by making it shorter, you're going to get more responses. Strategy two, research angle.

Instead of pitching your offer straight away, ask your prospects if they're willing to answer a few questions for a research you're doing. Most people would love answering relevant questions. And later, once you've already talked with them, you made a connection and it seems a good fit.

Then you can pitch your offer. Then you can jump on a call. It's a little bit more work, but because you're willing to do more work, you're putting in more effort than all the other people out there.

You're going to get more responses. Here's an example. Hey, Tom, we're writing a research paper on e-commerce stores like, and would love to ask you a few questions about your offer.

Mind if I send some questions over, happy to share insights with you later and add a link to your website once we publish it. If you use this strategy, actually write the blog post, actually write the research paper. Don't like scam them, like do the actual work.

It's going to get you content. It's going to be beneficial for you anyways. Just do it.

And once they respond to you, then you can respond back, Hey, I noticed that you're not doing this right now. Would it make sense for me to help you? We can jump on a quick call.

So after you've done the interview, after you ask the questions, if it makes sense, then go in with your offer. Strategy three, if you're reaching out to countries where English isn't the main language, translate your copy to the local language and you will get more responses. So if you're targeting Europe, if you're targeting Germany, if you're targeting any Spanish speaking countries, it's a huge market out there and you will get so much more responses if it's in your native language.

So always try this. Most people just targeting US CEOs, UK, Australia, Canada. So if you have the unique advantage of having customers from different countries, use that, use it to your advantage, translate that copy.

Strategy four, instead of pushing your agenda and selling straight away, like those annoying street vendors that come up to you and start selling, ask for people's permission first. Is it okay if I send more info? Is it okay if I send your link?

This is like much more how people usually talk with each other. And here's an example. Hey, Tom, your Twitter posts are amazing.

And I know you get pitched a lot. So I want to ask your permission first to see if you're okay if I show you a tool we created that turns your tweets into TikTok videos automatically, mind if I send more information. So we're putting them in the driving sheet.

We're not pushing them into something straight away. Hey, check out our video, check out our blog post, check out what we did. But we're acknowledging, we know you get pitched a lot.

We know you're a busy person. So I wanted to ask your permission first. I wanted to ask if it's okay to send you stuff before just like blindly putting it to in front of you.

This is, I like it. I like being more friendly, being more conversational. Try this version.

I'm pretty sure it will work better than having harsh CTAs. Next, it's a little bit counterintuitive, but sometimes being vague, and ambiguous is better than being very specific. And especially in niches, which are saturated, which are 10, 20 years old, something that people have heard and seen hundreds of times, they might be biased and they might already be bored with that offer because they've heard it so many times.

So SEO is a good example. Like everybody has received like, hey, I can help you be on top of Google. So how we can sell SEO is being a little bit more ambiguous and a little bit more talking about actual benefits.

So I don't care if I'm on the first page of Google or the third page, but if I get instantly more users, like I'm all for it. So you can start with, hey, I have an idea that can help you get 10% more visitors to your website, mind if I send more information. So if you're stuck with a saturated offer, try this, try being more vague, but talking to their actual needs, their priorities, what you're helping the company achieve, the company achieve instead of your offer that everybody has heard hundreds of times.

Strategy six. I also like this one and I recommend every person that gets into copywriting to try this. It's being spontaneous.

A lot of people don't get responses because you can see straight away that your email is templated. It's not personalized and you can see it's sent to thousands of people. And to get around this, while you're sitting down to write your first email copy to your target group, imagine that you just found your prospect website.

You click the email as you find your contact and you're writing the email then and there. Don't edit the email or keep editing to a minimum. And editing will remove a lot of the things that will make it seem that it was written on the spot.

The email will be more sloppy, but it will come off as authentic. And I like to use words that expert copywriters would tell you to remove like just filler words like so, like, so I was just searching for income stores. And if this would be a template, you would just say, you wouldn't say so.

You would remove it. Like it would be super clean and crisp, but this is more the way that people actually talk, not write. Like, you would use a template and this would come off less as a template.

You use like short words, like, by the way, let me know. And anything else people used to write to their friends in chat. This kind of email, don't use fancy signatures.

Keep it simple. Sometimes even like having typos is okay. So here's an example.

Hey Tim. So I was just searching for sustainable income stores and found a company. And when I was scrolling through product pages, I saw that you don't have a TikTok account yet.

I wanted to reach out straight away. Have you thought about TikTok or because shortly we helped sustainable income stores spread their mission and get more sales on TikTok. By the way, we just helped this client get an extra 40k visitors in one month from there.

Would it be cool if I send you more info on how with it? Let me know. So this is more, this is like, I opened an email and wrote it out straight away.

And if you can get into this, this is the, I would always start with this. If you're trying to start going after a new direct group, open up 10 different websites and actually write an email for them. And then you can use this to turn this into a template.

So now you can just like substitute this and send it to 100 companies, but it will come off less as a template. So try this out. Always start being spontaneous, writing it on the spot and not editing it that much, but still try to keep it as short as possible.

And the final one, sending a Loom video. Instead of pitching with text, send them a Loom video or ask if it's okay to send them a Loom video showing of how you can help them. Example, Hey Tom, Twitter posts are amazing.

Have you thought about turning them into videos? Because you created a tool that turns your tweets into TikTok videos automatically. I made a quick Loom video for you on how it works.

Mind if I send it over. Again, instead of having a vague option, mind if I send something over, you're sending a concrete thing. I made a 30 second Loom video.

So even like, I think this is like better. I made a quick, I made a 35 sec Loom video. This is okay.

It is interesting. If the first part beats my interest and it's something I need, I'm down to watch a 35 second Loom video. And this is so much better than asking might want to jump on a 15 minute call.

So 15 minute call is much more involved and takes a lot of time from a busy CEO. So 35 second Loom video is a much better trade for their time. So we try this, try Loom videos, putting a little bit more effort into this.

And if you send them, make sure they're personalized in the beginning, you're going to get more responses. In the Loom video, just walk them through like, hey Raul, check out instantly. Here's what we can do to improve.

Just super quickly walk them through and then have a call to action in the Loom video, asking them if they're interested, either jump on a call, checking out your free trial, checking out whatever it is that you're funneling people towards. And that's it. Seven ways you can make your outreach more unique, stand out from the crowd.

Try all of these out. For some niches, some of these make more sense. I would recommend like if you start copywriting, try as many of these angles as you can until you find a winner.

And I guarantee you're going to get more responses because you're putting in more effort. Most people don't do these things and you're going to stand out from the crowd. If you got any value of this video, I would love if you would like and subscribe to our channel so I can keep creating more of these videos.

That's it. Thanks guys.