Hey guys, Austin here, and I've been pretty much using AI to run my business recently. And in this video, I'm just gonna show you exactly how I use AI to do all my marketing, find my clients, and even handle onboarding in a lot of the delivery. And this isn't gonna be a basic, you know, chat GPT or cloud tutorial.

I'm gonna show you step-by-step how I'm literally running most of my business using AI. So the first things first that we're going to focus on is the product side of things. For those watching who maybe are like, oh, I don't know what to offer, I don't know what to do from like a service perspective, I'm gonna give you guys this prompt and I'm just gonna chat GPT this and I'll show you what you guys can do to come up with some ideas.

And I'm just gonna let AI give me the idea from the jump. So here's a full breakdown of three B2B options and three B2C options in a structured way that I could pitch it. So basically what I'm wanting to do is I'm wanting to give me a output of a full offer breakdown that includes a target audience, the biggest pain points, their desired outcomes, the unique service I can offer to solve this, suggested pricing, why this niche is a strong target, some B2B options, some B2C options, and give me a specific service idea that feels like a real offer that I could pitch tomorrow.

Let's just see what it came up with. B2B service ideas, sales process optimization for marketing agencies, New York services done for your outbound and sales systems and setup, SaaS customer retention expansion, solid retention OS, 7K setup, 5K, 15K a month. So I'm just gonna use the sales process optimization for agencies.

So let's just say, give me some examples of other companies doing this and then let's just kind of go from there. So a lot of people doing it. That's really it.

Like if I wanted to create a service idea, I just did that completely with AI and I'm showing you literally how just like simple this is. So you can pretty much just do this while you're watching this video essentially. So let's just take this and then I'll just put this in the Notion document.

And we will link this Notion document down below with the examples as well. Okay, we have the idea of what we wanna offer just kind of like high level. I'm gonna go even deeper on the ICP because what we're gonna do with our ideal client profile is we're not only just going to have it, we're gonna build a custom GPT.

I'm just gonna go ahead and paste this and then I'm gonna say, here's my target. And then all I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go back to my other delivery, paste that in there. And what this is going to do, it's just gonna give me a full ideal client profile and like client avatar.

And what this will allow me to do is allow me to understand my customers super, super well so that when I'm starting to create marketing, doing lead gen for them, I have a base, I have a foundation to actually work from. This gave us like the ideal client profile, who they are, demographics, psychographics, role, high ticket value, or why they're a high ticket valuable customer, high margins, spent heavily to acquire clients, current beliefs around what they're selling, maybe some misconceptions about what I'm gonna be offering them, which is cold email, maybe new beliefs, positive beliefs that we can reinforce, problems, their words, every month feels like I'm starting from scratch. If referrals slow down, I'm screwed.

So what we're really doing is we're just coming up with an ICP doc so that when we plug this into a custom GPT, our life just becomes way, way simpler. I'm just gonna go ahead and copy this back into my Notion doc here. And now what we're gonna do real quick is just create a custom GPT.

I'm just gonna go back to chat GPT. I'm just gonna say, now turn this into a name description. So basically what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna go to chat GPT again, GPTs, I'm gonna create a new one and I'm going to configure this.

And then I'm just gonna say, marketing agency target GPT. Description, just copy this description. There we go.

And then instructions. Cool. Is that a little dolly right here?

Okay, cool. So I can just click on create. I can go ahead and save this bad boy.

So check this out. Like for example, if I just type in like, if I wanted to create a series of social media posts targeting my target ICP that you know, what are some hook ideas? And then I don't need to give it context.

I don't need to do anything like that. So now that we have the product and the infrastructure dialed in, the next thing that we want to do is we want to sell this. Let's just go ahead and go back to chat GPT and let's just say, give me tactical ways that I can sell this service to agencies.

Cold email number one, which is your own dog food, which is exactly what we're going to be doing. LinkedIn content plus DMs, love that too. So here's a list of about nine ways that I can do it.

Let's just start with cold email because that's the service that we're gonna be offering to these people. I want to use cold email. How can I start using cold email to build a list, et cetera?

Cool, I can use a bunch of different tools to build the list, set up the infrastructure, build the lists, tools and workflow, a bunch of different tools, which is fine. Sending infrastructure, buying lookalike domains, setting up the workspaces, warming them up. I could do this manually, but there's actually an AI tool that does all of this for me.

So I use a tool called insulin.ai. All I need to do is use this and this is powered by AI and literally allows me to send thousands of emails as soon as tomorrow. So let's just say, define your ICP narrowly.

We want marketing agencies and we want to build the list. Cool. So inside of insulin.ai, we can actually do that whole thing here using their super search.

Let's just do CEOs, founders, management level is going to be owners. And then I'm gonna do location, United States, keywords. I'm gonna do video agency, PPC, SEO, web design, video, production, agency, AI, agency, social media, agency, revenue, zero to 1 million, up to 10 million.

Let's see what that gives me. Around 7,000 people, which is a pretty solid start. Now what I'm gonna do is I am going to go ahead and click on find emails.

And the cool thing in here is it's not only going to just find the emails for me, but it's going to verify them. So here we can see that it's going to search multiple different records and actually verify the contacts, which is paramount if we actually want to land in the inbox. Then the other thing, it's going to give me a fully enriched profile.

So what this means, as we can see, it's going to give you like the company description, how many people work out the company. It's going to give you their LinkedIn summary, their LinkedIn header, all that sort of stuff so that we can use AI to write personalized lines at scale. So I'm just going to go ahead and click on continue.

I'm just going to do the first 15 leads. And as we can see here, it is going through the verification and enrichment process. So while that's loading up, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead and go to their email accounts.

And inside of here, I can just click on add new. And I have a few different options of how to set up the infrastructure so that I can actually send enough emails to make sure that I'm getting leads. I can use something like the done for you email setup.

So if I just type in here, let's just say my company name is called marketing leads, then I can just type in marketing leads and then it'll give me a few different options. And directly inside of here, I can buy the domains and I can buy the emails associated with the domain. So each domain that you buy, because you don't want to send from your main domain, because basically that's going to mean that it's going to go into the spam folder.

You want to buy lookalike domains that are similar to your current business name. And then you want to buy emails associated with those lookalike domains and we can buy five each. So I can just go ahead and place this order.

And then once it's placed, all of the emails will be warmed up inside of our email accounts. We can just click in here. We can see our warmup.

We can see when it started. We can see how many were received, how many were sent. We can see our health score, in fact, is 100%.

So this is ready to send. Okay, let's go back to super search, go back to our lead list that we just built. We can see that it is fully enriched.

We have their emails. We have their contact summary, the company industry. We have the company description, the website.

We have the company size, how many connections that person has. I just basically used AI to pull and verify a list of my ideal customers that we found and built an offer with using AI. So what we don't want to do is just go ahead and like load these into a campaign and start sending.

I'm actually going to use AI to write personalized emails for each contact. Another cool thing about Instantly is I can click on add a column and I can click on use AI. And what I'm able to do is I can just paste a prompt in here and it will generate a personalized email based off of variables that we've enriched from pulling the list of leads.

So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go back to my prompt under lead gent. I'm going to go ahead and select my email prompt. I'm going to go back to Instantly.

I'm going to go ahead and paste my prompt and then I'm going to say email opener create a variable and then now I can select do I want to use open API? Do I want to use Claude? Do I want to use DeepSeek?

Do I want to use Grok? What do I want to use as the AI tool? So I'm just going to go ahead and use Anthropic which will be Claude and I'm going to go ahead and click on generate test output.

I like Claude. Just found it to be a little bit better of a copywriter. So let's just test it out.

Hi, blah, blah, blah. I noticed how you built unmiss.com from zero to over a million traffic in just nine months. Very impressive.

So let's just make this even shorter. And the cool thing is I can just test it. I'm going to train it a little bit more here.

Let's try again. That's actually pretty solid. A couple of things to highlight just in this prompt is I'm making the offer pretty banger.

So end with a clear call to action. Ask if I can send them a list of 100 leads in an example email sequence they could use to land more retainer clients. Aim for a 20 second read time.

So those are some things that are super, super important. Read junior high reading level. That's what's going to stick super, super well.

So let me just go ahead and copy this back in here so you guys can work off of this. Now what I can do is I can just go ahead and click on generate and I can enrich the leads that I have. Perfect.

And as we can see here we have a column called email opener and it's going to go ahead and write the cold emails for me. So now as you can see with all the leads I've now written a cold email and it's personal to that specific person. Hi, I noticed you've grown your company to over a hundred million traffic in nine months.

Many agency founders I work with were stuck in the same position you might be. Great at delivering results but tired of unpredictable client flow that comes from relying mostly on referrals. Would you be interested if I send you a list of a hundred leads and an example email sequence that you could use to land more retainer clients?

Very nice. So literally just wrote personalized emails in less than one minute without really even needing to think much or touch my keyboard just using prompts. So now what I can do is I can just go to my campaigns inside of instantly.

I can just say, hey, marketing agency campaign and go ahead and click on continue and I can go back to my lead lists. I can select all these and I can go ahead and move these to the campaign of marketing agency. Then these will automatically be transferred into this account.

And then in sequences, I can just go ahead and click on my variables. I can go find my email. I can type a quick subject line.

Hi, first name, thoughts, something like that. And just add a little signature. Click on preview.

This personal email has now been teed up and ready to go. This used to take me and my team so much time to write personalized emails like this at scale. But now I literally just did it in a couple of clicks.

And let's just say you wanted to go at it from like a different angle. What you could do is you could just copy the email prompt into your custom GPT and say, give me another angle for the pain points and add more to the prompt to really speak to my target customer and make it painful so that they respond. And then it'll give you another version of the prompt.

And then you could even ask your custom GPT, what are some angles of call to actions that would make it a no-brainer for my ideal customer to respond to the email, sending a list of leads, inviting to workshops, et cetera. Make these something they'd normally have to pay for. And then we can brainstorm with our custom GPT on some no-brainer call to actions for ideal clients.

Pre-written outreach, mini audit, private workshop. So then all you really need to do going forward is you can rinse and repeat with different call to actions and you can test out different call to actions on your prompt, which makes it a freaking no-brainer. Basically what I could do is I could just simply write a simple follow-up email that I could send two days later and I could say, hi, first name, following up on that list of leads and example email copy.

Is this something that I could shoot over? Cheers, Austin. So I could also create a prompt for follow-up emails but for the sake of this, I'm just going to focus on the openers and then just have the follow-up be something simple and this will be the previous subject lines.

Then all I need to do is click on save. I go to my options and I can go ahead and launch this bad boy. So now that the email campaign is launched, what's even cooler is I can have AI just respond to all my emails.

So lead gen will just pretty much happen on autopilot. So if I go down here to AI agents, I can go ahead and click on add new and I'm going to click create a reply agent. So inside of my reply agent, I can just do marketing companies.

I want to do AI reply agent, fully automate, no handling follow-ups, yes handling objections. I can select the tag of marketing agency. I can go ahead and click on continue and then I can just train it here and I can say, cool, direct, simple, friendly, communication style, context and clarification.

And I can basically say if they respond positively, send them this list of leads which is a list of leads that I've already created using the same process as well as this example email copy. Then make the call to action. Would it make sense if I walked through a quick demo on how this could work for them?

So we can click on optimize and I can go ahead and click on save. I click on continue and I can add Slack. So if they do respond positively, I can get notified automatically and then I can just click on add agent.

So now this is fully automated. So when somebody does reply to my emails, if it's a positive reply, they'll go ahead and just automatically respond. And where that's going to show up is inside of the AI agent.

So when people are starting to respond, I can see the involvement rate, how many replies that it's generated and the amount of hours that I've saved. And I can even look at the emails that they've sent to make sure that it is in fact dialed in. So again, all of this is completely automated using AI and how I scale this up is just simply by sending more emails and adding more people to that campaign and creating more personalized lines.

Okay, so now we have the lead gen dialed in. We have the emails going out. We have the replies happening.

What about delivery? One of the most important parts when somebody does say yes is we want to be able to automate the onboard. We want to make it really, really efficient.

So we have a simple four-step process that we do to automate our onboarding. So when somebody does say yes when we get them on a call from our lead gen efforts, what we don't want to do is we want to scramble. So I just create a super simple automation.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to first set up an onboarding form. What I like to do is I like to use a tool called Notion. So inside of Notion, I have what's called basically a sales intake form is if I'm going to call it a prospect, all I'm going to do is I'm going to fill out this form right here, which is like their business name, who closed the deal, website, first name, last name, all that sort of stuff.

What I'm going to do is I'm going to go to Zapier and I'm going to go ahead and connect Notion, the form, to my contract, which is going to be e-signatures. And that way, whenever that form is filled out, then it's automatically going to go ahead and send them a contract. The next thing that I need to do is just set up my contract.

So we use e-signatures and what I do is I just created a simple template and inside of the template, we can create like placeholder fields essentially, which could be like the business name, the deliverables, contract dates, contract length, pricing, all that sort of stuff. So that when I fill out this form, my answers will link up to the placeholder fields inside of the contract. So inside of Zapier, all I'm basically going to do is set up the trigger to be the sales intake form.

And once the sales intake form is filled out, then it's automatically going to trigger a contract to be sent. So the setup here is e-signatures, create contract. And then when I go to configure, what I'm configuring is I'm configuring the form answers.

So signer name, which was in the form, signer email, signer's company's name. And then I scroll down to placeholder fields and then we can see business name is right there. And I can see here, business name is right there.

So it matches identically. Deliverables. I can see deliverables are right here.

And then all that will sync up to the contract. All I really need to do is just fill out that form. And once they sign the contract, what I'm doing is I'm setting up another automation that sends them a welcome email.

So once they sign the contract, all I'm doing is connecting Zapier to e-signatures as the trigger. Then I'm just going to send them an email using Gmail, connecting my Gmail to Zapier. And this is going to send them the onboarding form.

Once they fill out the onboarding form, then I'm going to set up another trigger that it sends them an email to book the onboarding call. Onboarding form is filled out inside of Notion. So if I go back to my Notion, onboarding form, then this is what they fill out.

But once they fill this out, then they're automatically going to get another email that says, let's book your onboarding call, which is a link to your Calendly. And now you don't need to stress about onboarding. You can onboard multiple clients in a week without feeling overwhelmed.

And everything is completely automated using AI. And then when it comes to delivery for this service, because we're doing cold email, all we need to do is rinse and repeat what we just did. If we have a little bit of an idea of the customer, then what we need to do is we need to create the ICP, create a custom GPT for them, create an email prompt for them.

And then we just go to instantly and we can go ahead and create a new workspace for that specific client and basically rinse and repeat what we just did from a lead gen perspective to make our life extremely, extremely easy. And then once they're fully onboarded inside of a tool like Notion, we have everything we need to know about the client inside of here. We can store their contract.

We can store their AI agents in here. We can see all of the meetings inside of the client all being set up automatically so we can do things that matter in the business like making sure we're delivering a really good service and focusing on getting more clients through the door. That's basically the blueprint of how you can run and automate your business using AI.

But for this video, you'll notice that I actually didn't go all the way to getting my first sale with this. You can check out the next video where I do a challenge to go from complete scratch in a service-based business all the way to getting my first paying customer all with a time limit of 10 hours. So if you want to start a business but you're just not sure exactly what it looks like to do it in real time, I will see you over on that one.