Alex Hormozzi uses cold outreach to generate zillions of leads across his portfolio companies without lifting a finger. And today I'm going to be revealing Alex Hormozzi's full cold email strategy. This is the exact strategy that saved his company gym launch during COVID when it seemed like he was about to go bankrupt.

So how does Alex Hormozzi do it? I've spent the last week breaking down Alex Hormozzi's cold email strategy so that you don't have to. I boiled it down to four key steps that makes his cold email strategy so effective.

So the first step is to find people to cold email and you do this by building what's called a lead list. If you're looking to scale your business, you know you need to reach out to potential clients. And the big problem I see is sending emails to random addresses and really just not taking this part seriously, which is pretty much shooting in the dark as a business.

It's ineffective, it wastes your time, and it's going to continue to allow you and cause you to miss out on valuable opportunities. So what we need to do first is build a high quality lead list. So let me show you how to do this super easily within instantly's lead finder.

For the example today, what I'm going to do is I'm going to pretend that we are going after plumbers. So all we need to do is we need to go to instantly. If we click on the magnifying glass, it'll pull up the lead finder.

So within lead finder, there's literally over 160 million contacts of people that we could reach out to. And we can filter by job titles, we can filter by location, keywords, look like domains, if they're looking for a specific job, management levels, and much, much more. So again, in this case, since we're going to go after plumbers, I'm just going to go ahead and load our plumber search, which will be location in the United States, keyword plumber, plumbing, management level, sea level.

This pulls a list of over 20,000 people that we can reach out to. So after we have our lead list, the next step in Alex Ramosi's cold email strategy is to write an email personalized to each person that we're going to be contacting. So when we're sending a cold email to a stranger, they have absolutely no idea who you are.

So in order to get leads to engage, we want the message to look like it's from someone they actually know. And the best way to do that is to actually know something about the person that we're contacting. Look, the average office worker gets around 120 emails every single day in a personalization in emails literally will trigger a psychological response that makes the recipient more likely to engage.

Let me show you how you can personalize your message at scale using instantly. So after we have our list saved, what we're going to want to do is we're going to click on campaign, we're going to add a new campaign, and we're going to make this plumbing campaign, then we're going to go ahead and click on continue. The leads tab is going to pop up, click on import, we're going to use lead finder, it's going to load the last search that we had.

So we're going to do is we're just going to add 25 to the campaign or swiftness. And we can literally do this in two clicks. And as we add it to the campaign, the leads are being verified.

So we don't need to verify them, we don't need to do anything like that. They're already automatically added. And as we pop in here, we can see that they're in the process of being verified.

This is absolutely clutch. So after leads have been added, what we want to do is we want to personalize it. And we can do this so simple within instantly.

So what we want to do is we want to select the leads, we want to click on the AI prompts. And then here you'll have a template hub of a ton of different prompts that you can pull from. So how we set this up is we just simply go to settings and we add in our API key from open AI, which you can find out how to do right here.

Once that's done, that's going to integrate with chat GPT, making this a seamless process. So what we're going to do is we're going to just select company compliment, we're going to do it based off of the company name, we're going to go ahead and click on generate for all leads. Then what we'll see is a column pull up in our leads with a company compliment, which we'll be able to use.

So now what we need to do is we need to go to sequences, we need to start to write our email. So as I said before, we want it to make it feel like it's a warm reach out. So in the subject line, we're just going to put high first name, and then we're going to copy this as the first subject.

And then we're going to click on the lightning bolt down below and click on company compliment. And as we preview it, this will be a personalization for the actual company that we're reaching out to. Then as we're writing the email, what we want to do for the second line is really focus on the pain point and the implication of the pain point that we're going to be calling out.

For example, we're going to say like mini plumbers, you might be relying on word of mouth and referrals or traditional advertising methods that often result in inconsistent lead flow. So after we have the personalization, after we have the second line written, the next step in the Hormozy strategy is to give big fast value. Look, strangers don't trust you.

So you need to give them a reason to want to work with you. The way that Alex Hormozy does this is by giving them free stuff. Give away what other people would charge for.

We're not trying to tickle their interest. We're trying to blow their minds in under 30 seconds to grab their attention. If you don't lead with enough value, the reader will give the email a two second read, close it, and move on with their day.

You need to stand out in a sea of competitors and help you do this. You need to have a no brainer offer and something to give them that solidifies your offer. So in the context of cold emailing, a no brainer offer serves as an irresistible incentive that makes it almost foolish for the recipient to ignore your email.

It's designed to lower the barrier to entry, making it easier for the potential client to say yes, engaging with you further. This could be a guarantee or some sort of incentive for their first month. Coupling this with something that solidifies your offer, like a free resource with case studies will only add credibility and substance to your proposition.

It's not just about making an attractive offer. It's about proving that you can deliver on it. Now we want to do is lead with our offer.

So we specialize in lead generation for plumbers using our full pipe lead gen system, which can guarantee you five new clients per week. Is it okay if I send you over a free guide on how to consistently boost your local lead flow and get consistent deals no matter the season? So essentially the framework here is our offer with the guarantee of how we can help them achieve a specific result using a unique mechanism.

And then the value that we're looking to add to them is a free guide on how to consistently boost their local lead flow and get consistent deals no matter the season. If you're a plumber reading this, this strategy works so well because you feel like you're speaking directly to them. Like you know that seasonality is a thing which you mention and you know that people are mostly working in word of mouth and referrals or traditional advertising, which will instantly boost your credibility as you're emailing people versus a general email.

So the last step here is to automate your outreach so that you don't need to do it. So automating your email outreach offers a significant advantage in efficiency, allowing you to send a high volume of personalized emails with minimal effort. This not only frees up time for other crucial business tasks for you, but also ensures consistency and will reduce the risk of human error.

We're going to be able to automate our follow-ups. We're going to be able to see the analytics. We're going to be able to see all of the responses literally in one inbox.

So first thing that we want to automate is our follow-up emails. Like maybe you won't get a response in the first email. So if we click on add a step, we can wait for three days, go to the next email, we can send a follow-up.

So hi, first name, were you able to get my last email? I know how busy the plumbing. This is just a quick reminder.

We can help you secure five new clients per week using our whole pipe legion. Would you like me to send over that free resource? Then we want to send a another email.

So the next email will be another follow-up. So hi, first name, I haven't heard back from you. However, I don't want you to miss out on the opportunity to stabilize and grow your business.

Then here's where we want to add in a case study. Up for a convo, Austin. And then I always do what's called a last chance email, which is sort of like my final email to them, which could be something like this.

Hi, first name, one last follow-up here. Are you the right person to reach out to about generating leads for company name? Let me know if there's someone else I should reach out to.

Austin, send from my iPhone. Now that this has been written, we're going to go ahead and save all of these emails because this is the campaign that we're going to be sending to the huge list of leads that we're able to get with the personalized line. Then we go ahead and click on schedule so we can send them whenever we want.

We can send them Monday through Friday, whatever best suits you. What I would suggest is sending them when you're actually going to be at your computer and able to actually monitor them because you are going to get a lot of responses. Then we go ahead and click save.

So in the options, what we also want to do is we want to select the emails that we're going to be sending them from, which you can add in instantly and warm them up here. Then what you want to do is you want to uncheck stop on auto-reply because if somebody is like out of office or something like that, we want to continue to send them our campaign emails because it's all about timing and volume. And then we can change our daily limits depending on how many emails that we have.

Each email can handle about 50 emails per day. So adjust accordingly. Then we go ahead and just click launch, which will start sending your emails immediately.

After we launch it, we can literally within instantly see the analytics, how many people we contacted, how many people opened it, how many people clicked on the links, replied, and how many opportunities came from that specific campaign. Then if we go to our unibox, we can literally see all of the responses within one email inbox. So if we're sending 300 emails a day, we're going to get a lot of responses and we're going to be sending from a lot of different emails.

So it's important to stay organized. We can do that directly through here. We can even mark them as interested, meeting booked, meeting complete, et cetera.

And if we go to our CRM, it will automatically sync it here so that we can keep track on our ROI on the campaign. Now all you have to do is go to instantly to start implementing this cold email strategy, just like Alex Hermozzi does. Just click link in the description to go directly to instantly.ai and start doing this ASAP.

Also, if you want to learn the best lead generation strategy in 2023, go ahead and click this video right here.