Alex Ramosi used this lead generation strategy to generate over $100 million for his companies. And because I wanna make $100 million too, I spent the last three weeks studying all of his books and his YouTube videos. That's why in this video, I'll be breaking down his exact lead generation strategy so that you can use it to book more calls and grow your business.

So the first thing that Alex Ramosi always talks about to do is warm outreach. Warm outreach is something that I call a momentum campaign. Especially if you're just starting, you probably don't have a lot of money to go get leads, to do a bunch of ad spend, to spend money on other outreach methods.

But what you probably do have a lot of is you have a lot of time and you probably have an Instagram account and you probably have a list of contacts. So what you wanna do is you want to hit them up. So what I would do is I would go through three different channels.

I would say, okay, cool. I'm gonna go on Instagram. I'm gonna go just through my network and I'm gonna go on LinkedIn.

We're going to use the same sequence that Ramosi suggests for reaching out to these people. So the first thing that he always says is, we want to exhaust out the resources that we have. We need to take extreme ownership of our ability to go out and get business.

And totally agree with Alex Ramosi that there's probably low hanging fruit in your contact list, in your Instagram, in your network, in your LinkedIn, whatever platforms that you might have. There's probably low hanging fruit that you should be taking advantage of. So as it pertains to Instagram, our network, and LinkedIn, what we're going to do is we are going to duplicate the sequence that Alex Ramosi suggests when reaching out to these people.

What our sequence is going to be is we are going to hit up our network. We're going to hit up somebody on LinkedIn. We're going to hit somebody up on Instagram, whatever it could be.

Our first thing is we're going to ask them something personal. How's the kids? How's the family?

Hey, how's training going? How's the business doing? That's going to be the first sequence in reaching out to them.

Then the second sequence is going to be anyone helping you with X. If I was doing video content for businesses, hey, is anyone helping out with video content? If I was doing social media, hey, is anyone helping you out with any social media marketing?

That's all we're going to ask. And that should really spark a conversation, which can be angled of, yeah, I got somebody helping me out with this, or no, I don't have anybody helping me out with this, which can dictate how we drive that conversation. After you have that conversation, after you ask them, hey, do you know anyone else that needs help with video marketing?

Especially if you have a network of businesses or if you have a solid contact base, this is going to be low-hanging fruit in what we call the momentum campaign in order to start to build momentum. Let's just say the person that you're contacting doesn't need help with it or they have somebody, then you ask them, do you know anyone that needs help? You get the information and then you say, hey, John, John told me that you might need help with social media marketing and wanted to reach out.

Let's just say I'm a beginner. I'm just getting going with like my services and I'm doing a lot of warm outreach. What we would want to also think about or discuss and what Hormozy suggests as well is do your first couple of clients for free to get your case studies.

If you can't afford that or if you have some momentum, then what I would suggest doing is just doing like a discount or doing like an offer from a connection from like the warm outreach. Practically speaking, what I would do is I would literally build a page and I would call this like warm outreach. And again, this is what we call momentum campaign.

And what I would do is I would create a table view and I would call this my dream 100. What we don't want to do is we don't want to just be blasting at a bunch of people and we're not tracking anything and we have no idea how to track our performance. What I would do is I would say contact and I would say something like, I'd do a property like this and I would do checkbox and I would say reach out one and I would do another checkbox and I would say number two and then I would do number three.

As I'm reaching out to people, I would start to track all of my reach outs because let's just say if you're blasting a bunch of people on Instagram, they might not reach out to you. And let's just say you're hitting people up on email, like they might not reach out to you. It's important that we're tracking the contacts that we're actually doing.

So I'd say something like didn't respond, active, book to call, close, fail, close and create like a little CRM for yourself. So you can organize all of the contacts in one database, especially if you're doing warm outreach, it'll be really important to stay super organized with all this sort of stuff so that you can backtrack, you can see how it goes. And inside of Notion, like it's really cool, you can like make notes if you want to, you can add in their contact information, all that sort of stuff and start tracking it.

So if you're doing warm outreach, this part of the process is going to be paramount. The second thing that he's done to grow his business to over $100 million is cold outreach. So now that you've been able to start to drum up business, maybe you've gotten some deals from the warm outreach or you're continuing with the warm outreach, maybe you have a couple of funds, maybe you have some money to start investing into lead generation to make it more efficient, to make it more scalable.

That is where cold outreach comes into play. And what we see a lot of people do is they'll do cold outreach, frankly, incorrectly. And what Alex Romozi has been teaching as it pertains to cold outbound has been freaking killer.

And if you watch any of his videos, he says that 50% of his business has come from cold outreach, which is a ton. So when it comes to cold outreach, the first thing that Romozi suggests that we do is we get really good lists. Lists are basically lists of leads, lists of contacts that we can reach out to.

Let's just say I'm going after home service companies, okay? We would on a list of plumbers, of HVAC people, of landscapers. That is the overarching list.

And the thing that I love with Romozi and him leveraging cold outreach is how affordable it is. By far, it's the cheapest way to reach the amount of people that you can with cold outbound. So when it comes to getting a list, when it comes to getting a list of emails to reach out to, there's a few different ways that we can do it.

First thing is if we go to instantly.ai, they have something that's called the lead scraper where they have a database of millions and millions of contacts that we can pull and get the data from instantly's lead finder to do it. So let me just go here. If I go to pricing, this will be leads.

I could get on a monthly basis. I can get 4,500 verified leads every single month, or I get scaled to 10,000 verified leads for 197, or I could get 25,000 for $500 per month. And how we use it is pretty simple.

And it's a very expedited process, which saves you time, which is at the end of the day, what we want. And we want really good data, which lead finder does because the contact information is actually verified. So let's just say I want CEOs in the United States.

And I want the keyword to be plumbing, HVAC, landscape, plumber, roofing, roofer, roof. And what we'll be able to do is we'll be able to pull a lot of contacts based off the keywords. I like using keywords for our lists.

Alternatively, what we can do is we could even cancel all this, but we could say, I want people in the industry of law practice, management levels, C-level, all the C-level people in law practice. Obviously, there's a lot, 363,000. So we could even dwindle that down based off the location.

You get the point. The second way to get lists, to get a list of leads is simply to buy a list. So how this works, there's essentially people on the internet who will source leads for you.

And they are what's called like a lead broker. And this is what Hormozy suggests as well, as far as buying leads. Like let's just say I'm working with real estate agents, for example.

What I can do is I can go to real estate agent, email list for sale. Let's take this guy, for example, Dr. Bill's high performance real estate list.

Over 2 million real estate agents with full contact information. They've been compiling high performance real estate since 2006. Only use original sources.

96% deliverable. That's what I'm looking for. And they've sold over 23,000 lists.

Pretty killer. So I could do it by state. I could get all of them if I wanted to for $3,500.

Not a bad deal if you're specifically niched down when it comes to having a really specific niche like this. And what's cool about this is a list like this, we can get a free sample. So that's what I would suggest to do is if you come across a list broker, just get a free sample of the list just to make sure that is in fact legit.

List brokers could also be an awesome option as it pertains to quickly getting a large list of leads or a specific amount of leads. The thing with this is it can be a little bit more expensive upfront, but the time saving thing could also just be a net benefit to you if you want to go this route. The other way to get lists per Mosey is simply VA.

Hiring a VA to get lists for you. So what this would look like is, let's just say I'm working with people in the home service. So I would do something like home service, convention, trade shows.

This is just like an angle that you could do is you could say, okay, cool. Here's the top home service events, AHR, expo registration. Let's check this out.

And I could find something like an exhibitor list. And what I would be able to do is I could be like, hey, VA list builder for probably five to $10 an hour, if not less, go through all of these exhibitors and find their contact information. And then what I'm going to do if I'm emailing them and I am in the home service or in this industry is I'm going to use the angle of, hey, saw you're an exhibitor on this event.

And with this list, I would know that these people are qualified because they're investing to exhibit at a pretty large scale event, which isn't cheap. So the qualification of somebody like this is probably pretty high. So if you find a really good list builder, they'll be able to just literally one by one, find the contact information of each person and put this into an Excel sheet and you'd be pretty much ready to go.

There's a lot of different angles that you can do this. You can find trade shows, you can find lists, directories, better business bureau, people attending events and so much more. So there's a lot of different angles that you could go to have a VA pull the list for you.

And once you have the list, like let's just use Lead Finder, let's just do C-level San Diego. What I can do with ease is I can quickly create a campaign inside of Instantly to reach multiple people. So let's just do this, for example, like this is San Francisco top real estate agents.

So this is a list that we have. And now all I did was I created a new campaign inside of Instantly, which was SF top agents. I click on leads and I imported the leads from the CSV or from Lead Finder, depending on where you're getting the leads and they will all pop up inside of the campaign.

And the beautiful thing is now I'm able to create a cold email sequence to them that will automatically send them emails. I have a list of 5,000 people on this list. And now instead of doing one by one outreaches, I can now send mass emails on repeat without having to manually send emails, without having to manually do outreach, without having to spend thousands on ads.

This is a freaking game changer. So once we have our lists, once we have our leads, what we can do is we can use a tool like Instantly. And what we're gonna wanna do is we're going to want to add multiple emails in multiple domains.

Basically, you don't wanna get a bunch of lists and do like a mail merge or just be blasting 100 emails a day manually because the problem with that is your email is gonna burn, it's gonna be exhausting for you and it's totally unscalable. So if you use a tool like Instantly, what you're able to do is you're able to buy multiple domains, you're able to buy multiple emails from that domain. So that way you can send thousands of emails every single day on repeat.

The typical math is for each domain that you have, you set up three emails per domain and each email can send 50 emails per day. So if you get one email, then you get three domains. That campaign, if you get one domain per se, can send 150 emails per day.

And what we wanna make sure is we're doing the technical setup correctly because if you miss this part, you're not going to land in any inboxes and the strategy is not going to work. And with a tool like Instantly, which Hormozia actually uses, it is easier than ever. All we need to do if you do not have this setup is click add new, click on the done for you setup.

And then now what you'll be able to do is you'll be able to buy a domain. So let's just say my company name is agencyu.com. What I'd wanna do is I'd wanna buy like multiple variations of my email.

We talked about the math. So it really depends on your market ability and how many people they can actually reach. And we can purchase these domains for $15 per year each.

So if we got one, two, three, four, then that would cost us $60 per year. Then what it automatically does is it automatically syncs up the emails per domain. So we talked about three emails per domain.

So if we had four domains, then we would have 12 emails. And this would be $60 per month, which is really affordable relative to doing it manual. And guys, this is a game changer for a done for you setup.

So I'd highly suggest doing this if you have not done this before. Then what we do inside of Instantly is we can go ahead and click on campaigns on the left-hand side. We can click add new, and then we can do Alex or Mosey campaign.

And we click on continue. And what's going to pop up is, hey, let's get some leads in here. So what I can do is I can go to my lead finder.

I'm just gonna pull a random list that I got. And then I can click add to campaign and I can add them to Alex or Mosey campaign. What comes next is probably one of the most important parts.

And that is the offer. So what I see a lot when people are doing cold outreach or trying to leverage their lead generation is they'll be ambiguous with their copy because they're not good at copy because they're not a copywriter by trade. So what we want to make sure is that our offer is freaking dialed in because the offer is going to be the X factor to getting responses from your warm outreach.

Without a really dialed in offer, this whole thing is likely going to flop. And there's really a few elements to our offer. And first, we're going to start with just like, what are we actually offering our clients?

Pormozzi always talks about this formula for a killer offer. Value equals dream outcome times perceived likelihood of achievement divided by time delay times effort and sacrifice. Let's just start with dream outcome.

So what we want to think about is what is the dream outcome for our customers? Is this get more deals? Is this lose five pounds?

Is this become more known? What is the dream outcome of your customers? Then we want to do is, what is the perceived likelihood of achievement?

From here, what the easiest way to leverage is testimonials. In this phase, we're trying to give the client a surefire way that I believe this person and I believe what they're doing is going to get me to my dream outcome. And a simple way to do that is simply by testimonials and having case studies within your offer, which we'll be able to work into our copy, which you'll see here in a little bit.

The next thing is we want to divide it by the time delay. What that means is, is this 90 days? Is this one month?

Is this one year? What is the time that it's going to take for the customer to start getting the dream outcome? And then last but not least is going to be effort and sacrifice.

If your offer requires the prospect to like spend 10 hours a week to actually get to the outcome, that's probably not going to be a pretty solid offer. So what we want to do is we want to minimize the effort for our clients to get to the outcome. So you don't have to waste time X.

Even better guys, if you could back this with a guarantee like 10 leads or you don't pay, that's going to make your offer way sweeter, especially as you're doing the cold outbound and really just formulating your offer to grow your business. So a guarantee just, it's a risk reversal. If you're talking to them, they're going to have hesitations, especially if they've never worked with you before.

So the best way to reverse the risks is to offer a guarantee. This is really the formula to building out your offer. For example, if the dream outcome is, we're going to help you get more deals, just like John who closed five deals in two months, and you won't have to waste time slaving over Instagram, coming up with the strategy that converts and we'll guarantee that you get 10 leads or you don't pay.

That's an example of a irresistible $100 million offer from the man himself, Mr. Hormozy. And then once we have our offer, this is really going to drive our email copy.

And let me share kind of the tips and tricks that Hormozy talks about as it pertains to copy. So hi, first name, and then we want a personalized line for this. I'm going to say, saw you were also in San Diego and wanted to reach out.

The side note is we want to make sure our lists are really specific. I'd rather have multiple campaigns rather than one big campaign with not a personalized line. So when it comes to personalized lines, we want to make sure that the list can actually sustain the personalized line that we're actually going to do.

Now what we can do is we can basically formulate our offer. We help San Diego businesses like you get high level recruits in 90 days or less. Dream outcome, timeframe, using our video talent funnel.

We recently helped insert competitor San Diego University get a new CMO in less than 30 days. Good news for you. If it doesn't work, you don't have to pay a dime.

And I'm going to put without having to sort through unqualified candidates. That's the effort and sacrifice. So abolishing that.

Then it comes to our call to action. So one thing that Hormozy always preaches on when it comes to our offer and formulate our offer inside of our cold email is we want to lead with a lead magnet or something of value. Could I shoot you a personalized Loom video explaining how this all works?

Cheers. Awesome. Okay.

So when using our offer in our cold email, what we don't want to do is we want to make it seem like it's an email blast to a bunch of people. We want to make it seem like it's a one-to-one email, not a one-to-many. And that's going to come down to having a really good list, which we have, having a really good offer, which we have, having a good personalized line, which we have, and having a call to action.

That's not, can we book a call and see how we can do it for you? Like, no. Would you respond to that?

Probably not. We want to make it something of value and something that is frictionless for them to respond to. What Hormozy suggests next is going to significantly complement everything that we've just been talking about.

And that is going to be posting content. So one thing that Hormozy always says is the posting content plus the cold outreach. Because what happens is likely if you're sending a cold email to somebody before they even book a call with you, before they even decide to do business with you, what are they going to probably do?

They're probably going to do some research. In fact, 80% of people do research on businesses before doing business with them. And likely one of the places that they're going to do research is in fact social media.

So what I see a lot oftentimes is people are going to do warm outreach, cold outreach. They're going to have the killer offer. They have all the guarantees, but they're not converting to the highest ability.

And the problem is, is they don't have the trust building element, which is in fact posting content. The easiest way to scale trust is to actually share that you know what you're doing. And posting content in fact does that.

So really there's two elements on how you can do this. I would do short form content. Like to me, this is a no brainer.

I would 100% be consistently sharing content as it pertains to your offer, as it pertains to the perceived likelihood of achievement and speaking to your client's pain points and their desired outcomes and making content around that. And Hermozzi's been on this thing lately where he recently talked about this woman who had 5,800 followers and she's generating a seven figure business because she's posting content, educating her clients. She's posting content, speaking to the pain points of her clients.

She's not trying to go viral. She's simply reiterating the fact that she is trusted and she knows what she's talking about. The other real element of posting content is going to be more of the long form.

And again, what works really well for long form and our opinion and what we're seeing from Alex Hermozzi is long form guides. If you look at any of Alex Hermozzi's content, he is spending a lot of time teaching. He's going in depth.

And one thing that he's been mentioning a lot is in my content strategy, my goal is I'm going to spend way more time doing research so that I can create full guides for the customers to make sure that they're educated and they're getting a lot of value in the long form content. And the good thing is, again, because we know our audience, because we know who we're speaking to, all we need to do is make our long form focused on the clients that we're actually speaking to their desired outcomes, what's going to be most helpful for them. And really the common denominator between the warm outreach, the cold outreach, the offer creation, the call to actions, and the posting content is one thing.

And that is leading with value, giving them value before they want. We're not trying to close the deal on the first touch. We're not trying to just sell, sell, sell on the first touch.

We are trying to give value, which will be reciprocated. And if we dial in this process, just like Hormozy has taught us in all of his guides and all of his videos, all the research that I've been doing, you will see the results. If you want to check out the software that Hormozy uses to run his cold email campaigns, the same one that we went through, he uses instantly.ai and you can click the link in the description down below.

Also, you can click here to see how he uses cold email to get new clients. Thanks so much for watching guys and I'll see you on the next one.