Hey guys, Raul here and today I want to show you the sales process we used at our agency. Also a little bit for selling instantly, high ticket yearly deals and how you can structure your own sales process so you can close more deals, get the maximum out of the opportunities that are landing in your inbox. And if you're an agency, especially Leach & Agency, we use this in our Leach & Agency to help our clients close more.

So you can use this as an upsell as an extra service. So let's get started. So how it works is I'm going to walk you through everything you should be doing before the call, everything regarding the sales team, everything you should be doing on the call and then after the call.

So I'm going to share this document in the description below as well so you don't have to take notes right now. And also there's a bunch of extra SOPs here which we're going to be going through step by step. So the first step before the call, you should know already how to handle positive responses.

You want to have a framework of what you should be doing in most of the most popular responses that you're going to get. So if you click here, how to handle responses, this is what you're going to get. How to respond to sales ops to get them to book a call.

So your only goal from an opportunity is to get on a call with them. Usually they're going to start asking for your prices and everything like that. The worst thing you can do is like tell them via email.

I know it's frustrating and at some cases you might want to do it if you have a really good offer, but mostly you don't want to offer them the pricing and exactly what they're getting before you've actually walked them through how you work, what makes you different, showing them testimonials, actually getting them invested, trusting in you and then hitting them with the pricing part. But just very quickly, I'm going to run through this. So key aspects into booking sales ops.

It's a quick turnaround. So you want to be fast. Same thing for your clients.

We noticed a lot that the clients that weren't getting results with us, it wasn't because we were getting them bad leads. It was after the leads landed in their inbox, they didn't really take good care of that. They took days to respond.

Sometimes they didn't even respond. If they responded and the person responded back, they stopped responding. So you have to be really like on point with this.

And I think one of the good like mindset switches that you can do is instead of thinking of every answer in your inbox as a lead, we changed the name to sales opportunity. But potentially, especially for selling high ticket, every opportunity, every answer in your inbox is worth tens of thousands of dollars yearly or lifetime. So even if you're selling 2k, 3k monthly deals, if they're with you for a year, that's like so much more than just like that 2k or 3k, right?

So you want to focus on understanding the value and actually putting in the effort that you would put into closing a 10k, 20k, 30k deal. That's what it takes. So we recommend booking 10 to 15 million slots into your calendar where you reply to all the positive leads.

So just having a really good system for this in the morning, in the afternoon, before you leave for the day, just have a slot in your calendar where you answer to everybody. Of course, it's good to have it like open always, but it's a little bit counterintuitive. Make responses specific and tailored.

So of course, you want to have some templates which you can use, but mostly want to actually write a response to the client here and there. Same thing. If it's a $5 customer, you can just copy paste something, but we're dealing with 10, 20, 30k deals and they warrant a little bit more effort from our side.

So we want to actually go into it. If you're interested, you can go to our website, take some more information, go in depth and pull out the best answer that you can, which will increase your booking and closing rates. To make your life easier, copy all the main answers to one document.

So you're going to get into the same stuff over and over again. Only some of the specifics will change, but just like, if you get an answer, create a document, question, answer, question, answer. Later, if you're going to be scaling your sales team, you can use the document to share with them and they can get going from there.

The money is in the follow up. So you responded to the prospect and it didn't respond back. It's up to you now to write them again, have a really good structure in your CRM account.

So you can use them or mark them in Gmail, whatever you're going to be using for responding. So now, okay, if they don't respond in two days, I'm going to follow up and just do that until they like say no. That's pretty much how long you want to do it.

So the initial call, if you get them on call, try to keep it as short and brief as possible. We've had bunch of opportunities fall away because we sent them like 60 minute demo link. You don't want to do that.

The first call should be only to actually learn if you can help them. And 15 minutes is enough for that. You can also, if your pitch is easier, you can do like 25, 30 minutes where you do the discovery portion in the beginning, and then you do a quick demo at the end.

So I'm going the extra mile. Here, a good example, one of our best clients, Jordan, in our agency, they actually bought the products of the people that responded. So if an e-commerce store responds and they're interested, like actually buy their product, show them a picture.

I actually love this. I tried your cream. I tried yours.

I tried it. I tried it. I tried it.

I tried it. I tried it. I tried it.

I tried it. I tried it. I tried it.

I tried it. I tried it. I tried it.

I tried it. I tried it. I tried it.

And that's pretty much it. If you follow all of these steps, you're going to get a higher booking rate for sure. So follow up on positive responses.

Again, you want to keep it into 24 or 48 hours. You want to have a really good Calendly or a calendar page. So setting up your Calendly, picture of your face, ideally smiling, or just want to be friendly.

Logo, small intro, super short. I like to keep it as, I don't want to say informal, but just like friendly. You don't want to have like links and super like this is going to be super professional.

This is just going to be a call to see if we can actually help each other. I don't know at this point if what I'm offering will work for you. I want to find out.

I want to learn a little bit more about you. I want to see honestly, truly, if I can help you. If I can, great.

Then we can go into the pitch. That's the vibe that you want to keep up. And then as short period of time as applicable, don't send 60-minute links if you just to a 15-minute discovery call.

And also inside the Calendly, add some qualification questions. For example, here, is your business focused on B2B? How ready are your scale?

Ready to grow further? Ready to grow gradually? Ready to grow at the moment?

Assuming we can help you, are you able to invest around your budget? So you can have a ranges here, but you just want to have some preliminary questions that weed out the tire kickers. If you see all the answers are wrong, they're not a fit right now.

Don't do the call. It's a waste of time. So then Calendly, make sure you send the meeting information email and meetings can only be rescheduled once.

This will maximize short rates. Have a 24-hour reminder, one hour reminder. Have a Zoom integration so they automatically get the link.

Have qualification questions already, like I showed you in Calendly. And send the marketing assets. So this is where these assets can do a lot of the heavy lifting.

If you have some kind of documentation, videos, any kind of SOPs that describes what you're doing, if you send that over before, they will do some of the selling for you. And you're going to have so much easier time on the actual sales call to close them. So if you have those, send them automatically or the best way is to be customized.

If somebody says like, hey, I looked at your website. I was super interested in instantly. Can you tell about that?

Then just send that. All right. Now the sales team part.

So this is mostly for if you're offering as a service or auditing your client's sales team, especially if you are a lead in agency. If your client doesn't have any experience at closing from especially cold traffic from cold emails, they're going to struggle because it's not as easy as closing from referrals. People are mostly used to that.

And the best clients are going to be the ones that actually have a sales team and have experience with this. So to again, make your risk lower and make your clients understand that they need a sales team to do this successfully. You want to go through this.

So how many full-time salespeople do they have? If they don't have any full-time salespeople, the owners themselves are going to do the responding, the calls, everything. That's not going to be the best formula for this.

It's going to work like in the beginning, everybody needs to do this, but I just want to make them understand like they need to put in the work to make it work. How much, how many years of closing cold prospects does the team have? If they don't have any experience, again, be upfront about it.

It's going to take more effort than closing referrals. What's the conversion rate right now? So it's important to track their numbers.

Let's say you bring them 10 leads and they close one. It's like 10% conversion rate. And this is like, oh, it's like so low.

My conversion rates are usually so much higher. This is why we're asking this. If you tell you like, okay, our conversion rates right now from cold emails are 20% and then it's 10%.

10%, then yes, your leads might be the issue. But if right now they're closing 5% or 10%, then one from 10 leads is exactly what they are at right now. So it's again, not your fault.

Obviously you can improve it, but you want to have a benchmark of the numbers. And here's the tracking sheet we use for demo scheduled, demo show up, show up rates, demo close, close rates, revenue sold, cash collected. And all these links are going to be in the document.

So you can take them, use them, copy them and do whatever you want with them. Then sales materials, having documents and scripts ready. So this is quite surprising how many agencies and people don't have materials.

They don't have like even a pitch deck. They don't have a presentation. They don't have a script.

So you want to invest some time into creating all these assets because it's going to be the thing that's going to make your life so much easier. And it's going to take yourself out of the sales process. If you want to scale up your company.

The only way to do that is to have a sales script written down that you can have to salespeople have assets that they don't salespeople don't have to ask you all the time for the questions. So we want to take what's in your brain. You know your product, your service the best, put it on writing into videos, and then you can scale up and then your clients close easier as well.

So here's a sales script example. Pretty much like everything, what you've been talking about. If you have slides, like going to slides and just write down everything you're doing, everything you're showing.

So you can hand it over to sales reps if you want to scale. And CRM, asking them what CRM they're using. Again, you want to make sure that you're on point.

You have a structure behind this. If you're just using email, so many opportunities will fall through the cracks. You want to have a CRM.

You want to set it up correctly. You want your clients to have it set up too. And then just asking what other tools the clients are using to get a little better understanding of how advanced they are.

Are they using SAPI? Are they using some automations? Are they using some of the stuff that you can help them with?

If they're not, again, not a very good sign, but means there's a lot of room for improvement. Then next part is everything you should be doing on the call. So first starting with a quick intro.

This is pretty self-explanatory. Then starting with the qualification questions. I went through this before, but you want to make sure 100% you can actually help people.

Usually when it's super hard to close, it's because it's not a fit and you want to have a fit pretty much for four things. Is it a fit business-wise? Can you actually help them?

Is it a fit priority-wise? Do you want to get started right now? Not in six months.

Is it a fit monetarily? Do they have a budget for it? And just is the fit purely as like people working together?

Is there a douchebag? Like you don't want to work with them. If you sense like arrogance, everything like bad like that, maybe in the beginning, like you can swallow your tongue and like not say everything and like push through.

But when you reach a point where you can actually choose clients, like just don't work with bad people. Like you're going to feel the douchebag straight away and it's going to bring you so much more headache down the line. They're going to be the worst clients.

They're going to ask for a lot of calls. It's going to cause you a lot of stress. So qualify them really well.

And here are all the questions we're asking. Obviously specific for your business, but those four things that I mentioned are the main ones you want to get into. Then the demo part itself.

So first, starting with a quick overview and just explaining in a minute what you're doing and the biggest value that you're getting. Once they understand that, then you want to first show them the proof. Show them you've actually done the exact same thing you're promising to do to them, to very similar companies.

Here is like very important that you've qualified them. If you've qualified them and you have very similar clients, it's going to be easy. Like you are a Texas.

We just worked with this other Texas with this, this, this, this to them. I'm a hundred percent confident I can do the same for you. If on the other hand, you don't have a case study in their, in their niche, you want to have a rebuttal for that.

And I'm going to talk about that later. But start with all the case studies. Just put your best foot forward.

Show them everything you've done. Like brag. Here's the place where you can brag without problems.

Next part is a thesis process or the action plan. Showing them a step-by-step. You can keep it simple, but step-by-step and make it as personalized as possible.

So here's what we're going to starting with. Day one, we do this. Next week, we do that.

Week three, we do this. Just walk them through. So they understand the concept on high level.

If they ask any questions about something specific, then you go into that, but just high level overview. So they understand they really don't care. They just want to know that, you know, your stuff.

And then objection handling, write down your most common objections and rebuttals. So for this, you're going to be getting the same objections most of the time. Some new ones, but you as a founder, again, can answer most of them from top of your head because you know your business.

But if you're growing your sales team, you want to hand it to them. They don't have the experience. So they can just like speed run shortcut into knowing the answers.

And also it's going to help make you a better closer as well. Like if you write it down, you can, ah, I can maybe use this, uh, in here. For example, like if it's too expensive, pull up an ROI sheet, explain to them.

Like if you saw my last video, why the ROI makes sense for cold emailing. I showed them the exact numbers. So yes, you're paying 5k, but if you do everything right, you're going to make back 20, 30k in the next few months.

So it's going to be ROI positive for you. It's not a question about how much it costs, how much it brings back to you. Then how much time is it going to require for me?

So people are worried that you're going to be, they're going to be spending a lot of their time on it. If your offer is done for you. Great.

Like that's the best, uh, objection handling you can have. So like, you're not worried about anything. Only time we're going to be spending is one hour on onboarding call.

After that, we take care of everything. So pretty much write down all the questions you're going to get and the best answers that you can think of, and then continuously make them better. If you have any ideas how to do so.

And now my favorite part closing and looping. So if you read ask for most, you know, that grand slam offer having a no brainer offer and stacking value. So making offers so good.

They feel stupid signal show clear value and ROI. So recap everything at the end, stack everything together and hit them with that ROI. Yes, the investment is this, but you're going to get back this much.

Super simple. Then one of my favorite, uh, methods, tricks, maybe strategies to use is incentive based pricing. So this pretty much needs is you offer them a pretty big incentive.

If they do something for you, for example, my main incentive pricing was and money wise, I can save you 2.5 K. What are incentive based offer because going back and forth is time consuming and expensive for our team. If you can help us make a decision faster, I can pass on the savings to you and give it a full plan for 6.5.

K instead of 9. So 2.5 K off for this. We only ask an answer from you in 24 hours, whatever makes sense for you.

If it's going to take longer, no worries. We can still continue our discussion on regular pricing, but I just want to be crystal clear that I can offer that incentive with pricing after 24 hours. So this is like puts a little bit pressure on them, but to give them the, like the way or the option to walk off.

Like if it's going to take longer, like no worries. You don't want to put them in a corner. I hate that it's like high pressure, US sales tactics.

It works, but just for me personally, I don't really like it. So you want to have like really incentives and make them in a way that's comfortable for you. It doesn't have to be 24 hours.

It can be 48. It can be a week, but usually the shorter the better because time kills deals. You want to get it across the finish line as quickly as possible.

So try, test out the incentive with pricing. You can also ask some other stuff in return. So for example, like if you give me a referral, once I'm successful with you, I can give you this discount.

There are points of other ways you can try this, but the easiest way, just whatever your pricing is right now, add one key on top of it, have that as your main pricing, and then always offer the incentive. If you work with us, you get one key off if you give me a response in 24 hours. Then, guarantee.

So again, you always want to have some form of guarantee to show them you have some skin in the game. There are a couple of ways. So deliverability based.

If we don't do X, we do that. Like we promised to deliver exactly this and this and this. If you don't do that in a specific timeframe, you get money back, you get whatever.

Asset based guarantee. So for example, like for this audit, I guarantee that I'm going to conduct this audit for the next year. Conduct this audit for you in 48 hours after our onboarding call.

And then I just send back to them filled out with everything and then action based guarantee. So this for courses or do it yourself offers, if you give them an action plan and tell them like, yeah. And they ask like, Raul, like, how do I know this works?

You get them with the action based guarantee. So if you follow all the steps that I've laid out to you and you don't see X result in this timeframe, you get a full refund. So you put it a little bit on them, but it's still showing them like if you actually put in the work, it's going to work for you.

And then after the call, you want to have concrete next steps. So you don't want to leave the call like, oh, okay. Let me know an email.

Just have specific steps, the best one. So how long will it take for you to discuss with the team? Like one, two days.

Great. So let's pencil something in for two days from now or tomorrow. And if it takes longer, we can change it.

But let's pencil in something right now. That's the best that you can do. If you don't want to do it, send recap and everything and try to get a meeting from there.

Yeah. So after that, have a really good recap template, highlight the things they were really interested on the call and make it customized. And then again, one of my favorite strategies is carpet pools.

So even if you offer the incentive is pricing, you can hit them with one time offers with even higher urgency and scarcity, discounts or bonuses. So here, like I mentioned, time kills deals, carpet pools, super powerful and they work. Like if you do it right, if the person was actually interested in your product, there's no reason why they shouldn't go for this.

So for example, Hey Alex, we just had a team meeting and we have two more slots open this month. And Raul said we can offer one key discounts to fill those slots today. So it's going to be 4K instead of five.

As soon as I heard that, I came here to shoot you this email. There isn't going to be a better time option available. And I don't want you to miss out on this.

Let me know by the end of the day, if you want to take advantage of this offer. Otherwise, no worries. We can still continue our discussion on the regular pricing of 5K.

So similar to incentive, but you can offer it after. So this will just like push them. If you're interested, they can save extra 1K.

You can add some upsells if you have those, but you make it such a no brainer offer. If you just give an answer quicker, you can also use testimonials. So if you agree to give me a video testimonial after we've been successful for you, I can throw in this.

So again, and make it organic, natural. Don't lie to them. Actually give them what you can and ask for returns something that you will actually use.

So Vita testimonial is super valuable. Like that's why you're giving the testimonial. If they give you references after you're successful with them, again, this is like 20K for you potentially.

Super valuable. That's why you're giving the discount. So always give them a reason and make sure they understand the reason.

And then again, give them a way to opt out. So let me know by the end of the day. If not, okay, no worries.

We can still continue our discussion. So sometimes it's just like they don't like to be rushed. It takes longer or they don't care about the discount.

Then fine. Don't get worried. Just business as usual.

Then sending value on success stories. So after you've done the demo, we sent a recap, everything went well. You want to send them information, very custom to their current situation.

So if it was SaaS tech company, you send them like, Hey, it was good to talk with you yesterday. Here's what another very similar company said about us. We send them a video list tomorrow.

Oh, here's just results we got from a very similar client. Just want to share this. Just send screenshot short emails.

So, you know, you're top of mind. And again, this is something that most people are doing. So you're going to stand out from the crowd and they know you actually care.

And then break up email. So the only goal is force a clear yes or no. You want to ask them if it's not a priority for them.

Just let me know. Tell them like you don't want to waste their time. Tell them you're going to remove them from your CRM.

If you don't get response, because you assume it's not a priority for them. No hard feelings. We can still be friends.

Just let me know. Even if it's no. You just don't want to have this like lingering deals in your pipeline forever.

And then following up after one or two months, there is a chance to bring some dead leads back to life. And if there's radio silence, you can reach out in a couple of months asking them just like, Hey, our situation. Are you still struggling with X, what you have in your notes?

So it is a way you want to have like that kind of system and you can get back like one, two deals every quarter like this. And yeah, that's pretty much it. I'm going to link the sales pros audit in the description below.

Let me know if you have any questions. Always happy to hear what you guys need and what we can help with and to make it even better. Bunch of documents from here.

And yeah, just get started with writing everything down, creating the structure, go one by one. And I hope you see the success that we did at least couple of more closes every month. Thanks.

Bye.