Hey everybody, it's Rowan here with another episode of Cool Email Hot Takes. And today we have something different than we usually have. Usually we've had only marketers on board, co-founders.

Today we have a developer, a little bit different side of the equation of building tools, of marketing. Last to check, Valentin had like five different tools in his Twitter bio. Now he only has two.

It's something I want to talk about. But last to the board man, how's it going? Yeah, good.

What about you? Same man. Excited to get started.

I was doing some prep before and I have a bunch of questions I want to ask him. And to start off, a question we ask from everybody is what's your current MRR across all the tools that you have? Just ballpark.

I think it's around like 10k amounts right now. So yeah, to answer your questions about the tools in the bio is that I'm reorganizing everything to be able to focus on find email these days. And so one of them is actually getting acquired.

So I just like, just don't have it anymore. I'm shutting down some of them or like restricting the signups just to be able to focus more on find email and see what I will be able to do with them. Either sell them or just let them go on autopilot with the current customers.

Or like get someone to grow it for me. But basically like having more time for me on find email because it has most gross potential and the biggest market that I can address. Gotcha.

So what's that the reason that like you've tested so many different tools, you had like an SEO tool and Twitter scraper and then you just like found something that worked better. And now you gave away that stuff and just are focusing hardly on find email. Yeah, that's, that's, that's, that's the idea.

So like the first, my first task was, as you mentioned, the SEO tool called SEO. And like, I, I spent a lot of time on this, but I did like all the mistakes in the book in terms of building a SaaS. Like I spent a lot of features without talking to customers.

Like I have mistakes you can possibly make as a beginner, like as a beginner businessman and as a beginner, SaaS owner, like both. So, so I, I spent a lot of time on this and then it did get a little bit of traction, but like nowhere, nowhere near. Like what a good traction is for SaaS.

Like, it's just like, it was just a struggle to grow it. Due to that and the past mistakes I've made and like features that I've built that actually are not necessary and that customers don't really want. And it may just make it a more bloated product than it should be.

So yeah, I, I, I just played with different tools. Eating the pain points I've myself, I can tell it where I tried to grow SEO for example, like, because obviously when I had to grow it, I had to learn like how to sell stuff, what to do calls emails, to do some marketing and all that. And I was like, that's how the other tool came to be.

How like, Scrapeybird, Prospective, and Evangelifying email came about. Solving these problems I've seen myself when trying to do called emails for, for, for SEO. And like, I saw that would be, as I'm further like, I saw that would be that those problems are, other people in the called email space would, as well, would be interested in having those tools as well.

So I might as well just build a tool of it. Gotcha. And are you building everything completely alone?

Like from the development to the marketing sales, are you doing everything or do you have a partner or using contractors? How are you doing that? No, so, so far I've been doing everything myself.

I don't have any partner or contractors. I just recently started hiring some contractors, turned all the growth because I wanted to, like, with, now that's, find email has some quick growth this last month. Like, I, I've got way, way more ideas than I have time to execute.

So I'm like, okay, it's time for me to, to actually start delegating some stuff to be able to do more. But before that, now. Yeah.

I think that's like that logical next steps. Like you're doing exactly like we did. So try different tools.

Then you find something that you're actually using. So I'm assuming that your main acquisition channel right now is email to email and Twitter. Yep.

Exactly. Gotcha. And how many email accounts do you have right now sending out?

Um, I don't have that much. Honestly, I, I, I should be around like 50 or so. Uh, but the main thing is after I do campaigns, I actually have to, like, I, as I alone, I actually have to do the meetings and I can't like, if I, if I put too much meetings, then I have to do it.

So, so, so, so I need to like, be able to scale that part, like the, taking people to go on the meet, do the closing for me or something like this, to be able to scale much, be, uh, the gold American campaigns, much, uh, much further. Cause I can't like just go on myself. Gotcha.

Yeah. So like, I can just give you like quick tip what we did. We tried the sales angle within simply before, and then we like, we figured out like, it's not worth it.

Like, yeah, maybe for enterprise clients, but we want to automate as much as possible. So what we did right now is recorded a bunch of contents. We've seen like the videos we do, right?

So you can record, uh, like a demo over two. And if they ask for demo, like you sent that over and if they still have questions, then they can book a meeting with you, but you like automate that funnel. And that might help you take, take yourself out of the sales, sales cycle a little bit.

Like it helped us as well. And so if you're doing the development, the marketing, like sales, how do you like, choose your time? Like when to do something, do you have like really strict calendar or just like seeing what you want to work on at the moment?

Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's something like, uh, that's probably not the optimal thing, but the reason I like started the whole thing of like, not having a job and, and work on this type of thing is to be able to do what I want.

So I just work on what I feel like doing at the moment. Obviously some things are more important than others. So I still like prioritize cause I'm just not, I know also what should be doing.

So what I should be doing to move the needle, but I don't have, um, nothing like really fixed. No, no fixed schedule or whatever. If I don't feel like doing some sales or whatever for a day, I'll just do something else.

Or if I just feel like, Oh, I feel inspired to write a blog post. I'll just do that. Um, you know, just.

Yeah. I feel like this is again, like a little bit like counterintuitive or like, we've been like pushed to like, just like force through, but I feel like process well, just like being flexible and working on what you're like inspired to do in the moment. That's going to help you so much in the longterm.

Like you're not going to burn out. You actually enjoy what you're doing. Right.

So I think like, uh, you're on the road, I like right track for some people, it might not work for you. It like seems to working. And so let's talk a little bit about like cold email.

You have a tool finding mail for finding emails. You're doing like a lot of campaigns. How are you like structuring it right now?

Like what, how long are your sequences? Uh, what's the main source of like getting leads? Like, how are you feeling that email engine for yourself?

Um, okay. So basically, um, email sources first is, well, I'm using my, both my tools, obviously find email and scrapeyboard. So, um, so it's great.

Um, everything that's called email related basically, I call a scrape it with scrapeyboard. So like, like even your, your tweets about, uh, um, um, give away of guides about called email. I'll just take those and scrap everything that every, everyone that's replied to those.

And I know there are somewhat interesting called email. So, so that's an easy, easy outreach. Um, but it, uh, so it's, it works very well, but it was like obviously limited, uh, volume.

Cause like there's not, there, there isn't hundreds of tweets like this every day, every week. Mm-hmm. So, so after that, I would just like scrape up all those sales navigator, uh, for people in sales.

And there's a bunch of filters and just eat, eat those space. Are you using, uh, any personalized first lines, presentation, or just like going volume? Um, no, I don't do any personalized first lines.

I, I try to do it to be relevant by more segmentation and stuff like this. So, so like for Twitter, I would say, if I, if I, if I scrap them from Twitter, I would say, I found you a Twitter. And so you were interested in cold emails and just ask quick questions.

Um, you know, that type of thing. So that type of personalization that like is relevant to them. Um, but at the same time, it's relevant as well to like at least a hundred or a thousand people that are similar.

And that can, so that's a personalization angle can scale, uh, at least a bit. Got it. And, uh, how many emails do you have per sequence?

Um, I only send three. Um, so yeah, it's a base. It's a base.

It's, uh, I, my sequence are like very basic. Uh, I like the first email is usually a quick question, a quick qualification question. Basically.

Uh, I'm trying to probe it after the paper and I'm solving. Um, so I'm, I'm asking like, um, so I have a few different angles, but yeah, depending on the paper time I'm solving, like, I either I ask directly, is that something you, your experience? Um, I, um, I'm like, all right.

Like often people like you have XYZ problem. Does that resonate with you as well? Um, it's like, yes, no, if no, like it's, there's no point even continue.

And if yes, I just, I just, uh, dig a bit further. Like, uh, is that, is the experience? Is that something they will pay to solve and, uh, and stuff like this.

Um, and my other code, um, uh, other email sequence sequence is basically just following up, um, for the people that don't see the email in the first time. Uh, so like, it's just like first name, uh, uh, question, question mark, uh, that kind of stuff. Um, some memes, uh, um, and that's it.

Like just to trigger a response if they didn't see the first time that's happening quite, quite often actually, like, um, and that's it. Like I'm not sending any case to the, or whatever. Basically I'm not talking about my solution until I have a positive reply.

That's interesting. Because like most people want to like overthink cold email, try all these like crazy angles, like spend so much like on tools, investing in those. But you're like just pretty simple tool.

Like you built it yourself and you're doing like pretty like simple, just cold outreach, just from Twitter, cold email, nothing special, right? But you're hitting the pain point and you can, you've already grown in like couple of months to 10 km. All right.

It's so. Do you feel like that's the, like the key in starting that you like unlock now that keeping it simple, like not overthinking it and that helps you like more fast. And like, what's your plan of like scaling it to plan on like doing it, like cold emails, get it up, get some like marketers to help you.

Like what's your plan now? Really like make it big. Yeah.

Yeah. So, as I said before, like the main bottleneck right now is like me and my own time, even though like I could work longer hours because like everyone that knows me knows that like in real life that I'm not working that much. So I could like stretch myself further, but I don't want to like that's not the life I want to live.

So starting from that, like, I just need now to either optimize what I'm doing. So, like the hours I put are more efficient and also probably need to like delegate to some people and be able to make some tasks happening without me. So that's my two main goals right now.

And for that, like I, as I said before, I just started recently hiring some contractors to make the need of moving without me on some subjects that kind of thing. So that's what I delegating do is something quite new for me. So I'm still learning about that, like figuring out like which task would be the most interesting to delegate, like other easiest to explain and to find people competent enough to do it without paying too much.

So that's it so that it's still interesting to do. And yeah, also. I also applied to a startup accelerator called Tiny Seed.

So if I it's still pending, but if I get accepted, I'll get some money to hire some people and also like a big mentorship to help on all those aspects of like hiring and operations of a SaaS business. And I think that will help really help making everything more effective, like really going from a little tool to real company. That's the transition I'm in writing.

Perfect. And I feel like this is like a perfect way to end this. And for every like marketer salesperson that's listening to this, like I think they're like free to reach out to you because it seems like it's like a perfect position right now for like some really talented like sales or marketing person can come on board and like help you take it to the next level.

So what else do you have to say? Like just to end it, can people like message you where they can find you? And yeah, that's pretty much it, man.

Yeah, so they can find me on Twitter at Valentin underscore WLN. And otherwise you can always like if you hit me on any tools that I own, like find email scrappy, but that's me behind anyway. So if you would support there, that's me as well.

Yeah, that's that's a yes way to get in touch with me. Like my DM are open. I was I was happy to answer questions people have.

Perfect. So thanks so much. I'm going to leave all the links in the descriptions below and see the next episode.

Bye. Thanks, man. Cheers.