All right. Hey, everybody is Raoul from Instantly, one of our first videos, interview videos in the series. So if I don't know how to say some words or I get stuck, please apologize.

But today, super excited. We have with us Levi, actually my neighbor. I'm from Estonia.

He's from Finland. And we first met with Levi when we launched Instantly. And he had a course, he wanted to become an affiliate.

And right now, he's Instantly's biggest affiliate. When we started, he had like 200 Twitter followers. I had like a couple of thousand.

And now I have 4,000, he has 7,000. So he's placed past me, probably better at cold emailing than me as well. So nice to meet you, man.

Thanks for having me on board. And where are you in the world right now? Right now I'm sitting in Bali, Canggu at the pool, just relaxing, enjoying life.

You know, probably better than most people, how shitty the weather gets in the North Europe, in Estonia and Finland. So I had to get away from there. And since we're sending cold emails, it doesn't really matter where you are.

So yeah, I'm here. You have went to like the classical guru, like getting to the pool, nice location. It's actually possible.

And for me, I'm in Seoul. I went more urban in the city right now, but I'm going to come to Bali too. So maybe we'll meet there.

And that's going to be sick. First off, thank you so much for jumping on a call. So how I'm going to structure it is first, going to go through some numbers, then some general questions.

And let's keep it like super chill, simple. I don't want to go like into Joe Rogan too deep. And let's just get in.

So one of the biggest things that I want to show people is so bigger cold emailers like you, what the actual numbers are. So let's start with your current MRR. What numbers are you pulling in right now?

Right now in our agency, cold email agency side, lead generation agency side, we're doing around 20 to 25k, pretty stable. We peaked at 38k, I think was the best one a few months ago. But now we're a little bit switching to strategy.

We had to off board a few clients for some reasons. So we're a little bit scaling down so we can go back higher and faster. Gotcha.

And how long did it get you or how long it took to get you to like 20, 25k? I started off 2021 December with like only doing lead generation and cold email. First 90 days I hit 13k.

I think like after 90 days I was doing 13 and a half of K around 13k a month. And then gradually we started increasing from 13 to 16, 18. Then pretty quickly we're doing like 25.

So the jumps became really big. And then before the summer, early June, we hit like 37. Yeah, 37 with a few great starting fees and a few really good campaigns performing.

But then we realized, okay, it's time to go a little bit. We were going really fast at that point. So we need to do a little downscaling at that point.

But yeah, it didn't take that long. I'd say seven months like going really hard. Got us like about 30k.

That's amazing, man. And how many sending accounts do you have right now? And like what volume are you sending approximately?

Fuck, I don't even know. We probably have like around 100 sending accounts right now. I don't, I'm not managing all of them.

And we are doing around, what would I say? We're probably doing around 80 to 100k emails a month. If I'm not completely wrong, I don't have access to all the accounts right now.

So I might be a little bit wrong. It might be less, might be higher, but I'd say it's around, it's really close to 100k. Okay.

Yeah. That's how you know, like you're the founder that you don't know the numbers exactly. That's how you do it.

Yeah, it's perfect. It's like automated. And so again, like some of the numbers that I feel are super inflated, especially when talking at scale.

So your average open rates, reply rates, do you know approximately what they are? No, when going international, I think we are hitting like 55% is a pretty good one for us. We have always like a 60% benchmark.

If you are hitting 60%, we are totally happy with it, happy with deliverability. But I think like, we have a lot of good campaigns that are doing like 45% open rates. And they are booking a lot of calls.

So I'd say a little bit over 50%. Got it. And in your agency, like what are the KPIs that you're measuring?

Is it replies? Is it meetings? We measure basically, we have four KPIs that we really focus on open rate, reply rate, booking rate, and then qualified calls.

So we might have some clients that we book 60 calls for a month, but actually only four, they are like actually qualified. So, and we only charge our clients by the qualified calls. So I think that's one of the most important phrase because it's really easy.

Or I would say really easy, but like, it's really possible to book like 60 calls a month and have all of them be like really random, like brainstorming, eat coffee, like get to know each other, brainstorming meetings that don't actually fit into the sales process. But then actually the calls that are real discovery calls, the prospect is interested in service, they have the need, they fit all the qualifying criterias. We are really focused on that, because that actually like, that's, that's our revenue generator.

Gotcha. Yeah, that's, again, I think for our agency, again, really good switch, because you're going to have much less heated debates with clients, if you actually charge for qualified calls. So it seems like you read the read the hundred million dollar offers, but actually most you've done the no brainer offer.

Yeah, quite a good cause. Yeah, that's exactly. And we also we always tell that there are clients that the qualified calls is like, they, they choose what is a qualified call.

So for some reason, we booked them 30 calls, and they only feel that 25 of them are qualified. It's not that we think that they're scamming us, we just feel that, okay, they probably know something that we don't. But it's actually super rare to see anyone like complaining about the calls.

We don't have the goal. Gotcha. Yeah, that's a good point.

And it's like, I think that's how you have a really high retention for clients, if you let them choose, instead of like pushing and arguing, no, no, no, this is qualified leads, which is something we did wrong. So you're already like ahead of us like that as well. And like 20, 25 K current MR, what's your goal by the end of the year where you want to get to?

Uh, I feel like I want to a little bit bigger, we have a little bit of a new strategy, a little bit of a new offer, uh, going more into not only booking calls, trying to be a little bit more involved into the process, and then like growing a little bit, maybe change the pricing a little bit. So we want to get that validated as soon as we can. And I have like two, three clients working really smoothly on that.

So I think like if you, if you are hitting like stable 30 K with a little bit reframe new reframe offer, I think I'd be super happy at the end of the year for that. Gotcha. Yeah.

That's a good goal to have. And you already mentioned like a little bit, the plan of how you get there, but for people that don't know, can you walk us through like, how did you learn cold emailing? Like, how did you get started in this?

Yeah. So basically what I did is it was pretty like, I think it's probably the really average uh, way to learn cold email is I started a social media marketing agency like three years ago. Uh, and I, I have been in sales since I was 14, really aggressive B2C sales, door to door, knocking doors, uh, in the evenings and telemarketing, like really aggressive sales, uh, when I was young.

So that was of course my like first approach to getting, getting like calls and getting leads for my social media marketing agency. I just did a lot of cold calling. If I saw a new clothing store open up on the street next to me, I'd walk there, chat with the founder.

There was really no, there was really no good process. It wasn't structured. It was a little bit all over the place.

And then when I started having like five, six clients on a monthly retainer, I realized that, okay, I can't, call anymore. Five hours. I can't do five, six hours of prospecting and outreach anymore myself.

Then I started doing cold email from my main domain, burned it. Terrible campaign. Like it was actually really cringe how the campaign looked.

Uh, and then it's a little bit left there a little bit quit with it. I had some other business ventures. Like I said, I was really into sales and I have been really into sales.

So we started a sales outsourcing company. We did, we had a really random lead generation method there. We basically had an automated cold calling machine, uh, which in a nutshell, we basically built a list of big companies that we wanted to work with their CEO or whoever title it is, their phone numbers.

And then we record like a 30 to 60 minute pitch or 30 to 60 second pitch and end it in a, if you are interested, press number one and we'll send you more information. And then we just blast an automated cold called 2000 companies a day. We'd get like 30, 40 people pressing one.

Then we'd call them and then start the sales process from there. Uh, but I always like, we never did cold email there. And then as the sales outsourcing company, we built it up pretty, pretty high.

It was doing really great numbers, but the backend was not well structured. So it crashed really quickly. And then I was like back to square one.

Like what do I know how to do? And it was like, okay, sales, digital marketing. Um, I joined a marketing agency as like a freelancer.

I was like a freelancer consultant head of lead generation, just a random dude in their sales process. And my, my like mission was to get them more leads, better leads, make everything really profitable, profitable. And I had like a lot of great case that is because they were a big agency that I could work with.

I had their budgets. I could, I just had so much stuff to experiment with. So we started running like cold email, uh, LinkedIn for all of their reps and for myself also, uh, and saw like really great numbers after the first month.

Can't remember the exact ones for like 40 qualified book calls, like really good, like start. And then I was like, okay, now I'm gonna learn more. I started Googling, Googling, like cold email templates.

And then I some way found a Google image of cold email research, cold email mastery, like a case study or like a testimonial tweet in like Google images. And then I found money Twitter that way. And then I got the cold email mastery, studied it, and then like started learning from there.

Uh, and then like after a few months of doing that, I started my own cold email agency. And I think like most of the learning was just like, came from doing a bunch of stuff and do trying like ridiculous campaigns and like really dumb angles. And then like, I don't know if it's just luck or what was it, but then like some really random angles work really well.

So then we just kept writing them. And, uh, that was basically it. That's, that's why the story.

And I feel like, uh, it's so weird, like how like different and similar, all of these stories are like, we're the same, like this, it's so many things over the years, but finally, for whatever reason, like cold email hit, I just like, and I want to ask you, so right now with, uh, instantly we're trying to like work on retention and going into like, uh, how to hold clients. And we found out that it's, if you just give people instantly, like a tool, it's not going to change everything. We need to actually help them change their processes.

And that's like even more important than the actual like services or tools. So like, how does your day look like how to structure it? Like, do you have a calendar events for everything?

How do you like stay on top of everything? Uh, I used to be really big, uh, person on like productivity things and like having a to-do list and I use like, uh, Brian Tracy has a book called no excuses and it has a really good like productivity system that you label all your tasks, the A, B, C, D, E priority, and then you number them. And then you like build these really strict days.

Uh, I used that, uh, before, like when running my agency, then I, uh, was 12 months in the army. I used like, I had a really strict schedule there of course. And then I came back and then for like one and a half years I used really strict like productivity stuff, like had calendar, uh, marks and everything for everything that I'm doing.

But now for the past few months, I've been super busy, like, uh, and I noticed that I was doing a lot of like busy work instead of actually like revenue generating stuff. So I dropped everything else. And now I just have like a really simple to-do list with like actually like really important tasks.

And then I just wake up, I open my laptop and I start going through them. So there's like really no schedule anymore. Of course I'm taking a lot of calls every day.

So those get my days out pretty naturally. Uh, but in terms of like productivity stuff, I have nothing there. I just like, because the tasks are really simple.

Like if you don't have enough of leads in your campaign, scrape more. If the campaign, uh, is getting below 50% open rate, check domain health. Uh, if everything else is in check, just get more domains, send more emails, make sure that your inbox managers are doing fine.

Like it's actually like with cold email that the structure is super simple. There's like nothing crazy that you need to do. And like, that's actually a really good point.

So the structure part is super simple in cold emailing because like no secrets. There's so many courses out there. Why do you think like, what's the hardest part that what makes people like, what's the bottleneck for most people not succeeding in cold email?

Uh, I think like the most typical approach that you see when someone gets in cold email is that they see a Twitter thread or they buy a course or something and they get this one cold email template that has worked for someone some time ago for some random, uh, KPIs. And then they get the template and they start running it and they don't see any success with it because that same template, same offer, same niche has been used by tens of thousands of people. So nothing really happens.

So I think the biggest problem is just thinking outside the box because cold email is super raw. It's just like, this is what we do. This is who we do it for.

Do you want it? And then you send it to as many people as you can. So like the template and the specific words that you use, I don't think that really matters that much.

It's more like, are you able to find that one really good market that needs the one good offer that you have? And are you able to like, do you understand the market and what they need? So for example, like all the people, they started with cold email, they build a lead generation agency.

They pick one of like the big four, like us, UK, Canada, Australia, they pick Canada and they're like, okay, who do I work with? SaaS agencies, who do I pick? And they pick marketing agencies and they are like, okay, and it's niche down.

Okay. SEO agencies. And then they end up offering 10 to 15 qualified calls each month for SEO agencies in Canada.

And they're competing against 5,000 people who have been doing it for a longer time than then. So they're already in a losing position. But let's say you have some kind of a unique advantage.

You speak Spanish and you have been in the software industry for five years. You went to school there and you had a job at a software company. Okay.

Would it make more sense to target Latin American software companies and like help them increase their, like help them get projects from the U S with the angle that it's cheaper to develop the software in Latin America, because the price and salaries are different there. So I think it's like, if you are able to think outside the box and find like markets that actually need stuff. And if you're able to solve the problem that market has, it doesn't really matter what script you use and do you use the PS line and do you have a personalized line?

So at the end of the day is, this is what I have and then sending it to someone who needs it. Yeah. I love that.

And I think that's like one of the smarter things you can do. It's like try become a little bit different and which is why you should have like tons of different things you test instead of one strategy. So don't just take like one course, go see like what's out there and put bits and pieces together, mix and match to find what works for you.

But let's say I have a really good offer. I have got to have studied cold emailing. What kind of cold email tools to use to like in your agency?

Like what's your tech stack like your main tools? Super simple instantly, of course, the best tool ever. Apollo lead hype.

Now we are just started using find email, which is amazing. And then for super simple like SOP stuff we use notion, Google drives, slack. Everything really revolves around Google on the SOP side and then calendar, of course, but we have it super leaned down.

Find email instantly Apollo scrape high from lead. So it's like the barrier of entry is super simple, right? It's like a couple of hundred bucks a month.

You have the exact same stack as the best cold emails in the pad. So it even yeah, reason to show that it's not about the tools. It's not about like strategy.

It's about unique angle, something that breaks the patterns like pattern interrupt in the copy part. And then you're like on your way of being already being like better than 99% of the people. Yeah, exactly.

Like, let's say you have the instantly growth plan 37 bucks. Then you get like few domains, few inboxes. That's like, let's say $50 for that.

Then you get that polo. And then you verify the lists at Voila Norber. It's just like few dollars per list.

It's like 150, $180 investment to be able to generate like 20, 30 calls a month. It's like ridiculous. Yeah.

That's why I feel like people are still like underestimating cold email. Because it seemed like, like you said, it's like so raw, but you can, the ROI is insane if you make it work. And so I don't have like many questions left that it's like, I want to ask you one thing.

So you now having that experience of like going through, finding everything out, like if you could go back and be a beginner again, like start again, what would you do differently? Or what would you recommend to people starting out? Where should they focus their time on?

I think like I would test so much more. I would like, because what I did in the beginning was I didn't have like a testing schedule. I didn't test out a bunch of stuff.

So I would just like write three angles, like really basic ones. I run them, run 500,000 leads for each angle, and then like pick the best performing one and then just run it. And like when I could have made it double, triple, quadruple times better, but just testing a little bit different CTA and different subject line and different structure for it and different case studies and whatever.

And also like one thing I would do is, and what I see a lot of people do, and I get a lot of questions on this, that you need to be like really patient with it. Because like, let's say you have a client or you have your own offer. Sometimes it can take you a month or two to start like actually finding the best angle.

Like you just can't create a really simple cold email and get it to work immediately. It's like a testing process, same with paid ads. You're testing a lot of stuff and then you are like taking all the small bits that work and completing them.

I think that mindset is like what I would want to have in the beginning. Yeah. So again, I think it goes a little bit, or it's like counterintuitive to what to what gurus say.

Actually, like nobody knows what's going to work. It's up to you. Yeah.

Vest it, find out what works. And if you find it, like then don't share it to anyone. Just saturate it.

Yeah. Go ham on that and get all the results right. Exactly.

I had a really nice cold email angle that I was using for our agency. It worked in the one of the most saturated markets. It's worked with like B2B funded B2B SaaS companies in California, Silicon Valley.

It was amazing. And then I put it in my course. And after like a few months, you can't use it anymore.

It's it doesn't work anymore. So I learned from that. Yeah.

Like, I think that's a good way to end it. Like you gave already like some good insights. It's not sweet.

It's just like going in testing a lot. And I mentioned you have a course. So where can people find you?

What kind of courses you have? If you're interested in learning more exactly what you do, where should they go? Yeah.

So the best way to find more about me and what I do is from my Twitter. It's just at Levy Aerola. There's like everything that I do.

I'm really active there. I have a free cold email course. So if you want to start learning cold email, levyaerola.com.

And then I also, if you want to go like next level, I have a one-on-one coaching program for cold email and agency building stuff that you can find from my Twitter. So yeah, that's basically it. I just advise like check out my Twitter.

There's a lot of cold email info. Gotcha. And we're going to add all the links here.

Maybe people don't get addresses from your Finnish accent. So I'm going to add all the links. You can get them there.

And yeah, thank you so much, man. It was awesome talking with you. And see you in Bali.

Thank you. See you here, man. Bye.