If you want to build and scale a business, I'm going to explain to you exactly how to do it. The truth is, is that it's actually not that hard. A lot of people think you need to grind 24 seven, be naturally gifted, but in reality, it's something that anybody can do.

You just need to know what to focus on. So in this video, I'm going to be sharing five non-obvious learnings for how growing a business actually works. And these are the same lessons that I've had to growing my business to over $300,000 a month and adding over $8 million in total revenue.

So the first uncommon learning is that original ideas are a trap and boring offers win. Look, the reality is that most successful businesses aren't innovative, they're clear. The reality is that businesses that win have a really clear system.

They have a really clear way to get clients to an outcome. And at the end of the day, it is extremely simple. I come across this a ton and myself included, where you want to come up with this killer offer.

You want to be extremely innovative. You want to be clever. You want to come up with something that the market just has never seen before because you think that this is the most innovative thing that the people actually need.

And this is because we've been sold the idea, really the myth of that we need to be this genius entrepreneur. We think about all of the innovators in the world, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, the next billion dollar app. And we think that that's something that we need to create in order to tap into business.

But those are outliers. The businesses that are winning right now are the businesses that are the most obvious. They're solving problems that customers are actually aware of with pain points that these customers actually have.

They're not trying to recreate the wheel, come up with these new innovative thing. They're literally just taking the problems of the customer and solving those in a very simple mechanism. Because the problem with trying to come up with this most innovative idea or this innovative service is that it confuses people.

When it comes to selling your services, all we really need to do is solve a problem that the customers are aware of. For us, from an offer perspective, all we really need to do is figure out what are the pain points, what are the problems of this customer, and how do I insert a solution to that specific problem. And oftentimes, it's a very simple way to do that.

What we don't want to do is we don't want to create problems or try to make customers aware of problems that don't even exist. We want to make sure that we're simply solving the problem that the customer has in a very simple way. And the people that don't do this, they're just the people who are idea people.

They're constantly workshopping ideas. They're brainstorming. They're talking to people.

And they're not taking action. And they're not actually getting their product or their service. And these people, to me, are entrepreneurs because they're always people with the greatest ideas.

They're not taking action. They're not executing on what really business is, which is just solving problems of a specific avatar. Here's what you can do right now to just really simplify what it is that you're doing.

I like to take tips from people that are more successful for me. And I like to take a tip from someone like Alex Hermozzi that says, if I want to build an offer, let me look inside of the market, see what other people are doing. How can I deliver it faster?

Because that's what people actually care about. And that's what's going to differentiate your offer. Not being more creative, but being able to do it faster, do it for less money for the people, and make sure that you're actually getting an outcome for that specific avatar that you're targeting.

Instead of thinking that you need to come up with this great idea, all you should be focusing on is what is already out there, what problems are already out there that are being solved, and how do I replicate that? How do I do that in a better way, more efficient, get clients better results? And that's how you come up with a banger offer.

It's not trying to be the next Steve Jobs or Elon Musk. It is simplicity, it is solving problems, and it is really just doing what the market's already doing and just innovating on that and making that better. What we want to avoid is we want to avoid waiting months to find our niche.

We want to avoid building something that nobody understands, that the market has no idea what you even do. Prioritize all of this clever branding and this really intriguing marketing message over actually just solving the problem for the customer. And thinking that you need to be disruptive before you can actually deliver value for a customer.

At the end of the day, clarity scales, confusion will kill. You don't need to be the next Uber, you just need to solve a real pain point for a customer better than the other person that is solving that same pain point. Boring offers don't necessarily mean boring results.

These types of companies are scaling to multiple millions every single year, and I can attest to that. Number two is hustling is lazy, systems is smart. When I first started my business, I thought that grinding 24 seven, working 16 hours a day, that was a badge of honor for me because that was the message that I was preached.

The more I work, the more money I'm going to make, the harder I work, the more money I'm going to make, and I just need to grind, grind, grind, thinking that was the solution to scaling my business and actually being able to build a profitable, scalable, large company beyond myself. The problem with this is, is that for me, it just created another job for myself, and I was basically the bottleneck in actually scaling my business. And the reality is, is that there is solo entrepreneurs making millions because they're able to leverage what 2025 has to offer, which is AI automation systems.

And if we as business owners aren't taking advantage of that, we will continue to work ourself into the ground, create jobs for ourself, and never be able to scale beyond ourself because we are going to continue to be the bottleneck. Sure, before starting a business required hiring a team, hiring SDRs to help with sales, but today, literally a one-man band, a tech stack, maybe a couple VAs can scale to the same level as the business just a couple years ago due to the rise in technology and the ability to automate a lot of things going on inside of your business. We're literally in the era of the one-man millionaire businesses, and if you don't catch on to it, it's going to be really, really challenging for you to keep up with what's continuing to scale when it comes to business.

What I would suggest in today's modern era is don't look at hustling as a badge of honor. I would start to think about how can I buy back my time? How can I leverage tools and technology in order to actually be more efficient in my business?

Because today, efficiency means more profitability, being able to leverage tools out there that you can free up your time to work more on the business, and you can also automate a lot of the things inside of your business so that you don't have to just grind, grind, grind, and things can happen while you focus on what you need to focus on as a business owner. For example, if I'm going to do lead gen, I'm not going to cold DM, cold call, hit up a bunch of people myself or hire a team to do it, I'm going to leverage tools, something like Instantly AI, where I can automate my whole outbound system and be sending cold emails to decision makers without having to lift a finger. And this will keep my pipeline full.

And furthermore, with the cold email, I'm going to use Instantly's built-in AI tools to find the people that I want to reach out to. I'm going to use AI tools to write me the cold emails that are actually going to get responses. Then from a systems perspective, I'm going to use tools like Zapier to automate things between tasks so that things can happen without me needing to add more labor or add more hours to my workday.

The new skill isn't actually doing the work, it's learning to automate, it's learning to use technology to do the work for you. What we need to avoid here when scaling our business and when starting our business is that we need to scale to five, 10, 20 people in order to hit six figures in one month. We also need to avoid looking at AI and looking at technology as overwhelming or complicated or intimidated by it because it's just so hard to understand.

And we need to dive in and actually learn how to use these so that we can actually use it inside of our business and reap the benefits that hundreds and thousands of people are using already inside of their business. We need to avoid bragging about the 16-hour workdays and wearing that as a badge of honor. That is a quick way to burn out.

It is not sustainable whatsoever and will cause you to hate your business at the end of the day. I've been there. And we need to also avoid waiting till we're bigger to install systems.

The longer you wait, the more it's gonna add weight. And what we wanna be able to do is we wanna have a systems-first business and the quicker you can install the systems, the less headache you're gonna have later on when you have to backtrack a lot of different stuff. At the end of the day, from your business perspective, you're not just competing against other businesses, you're competing against AI, tech-powered businesses.

And the more that you can learn how to use this inside of your business, the more efficient you'll be with sales, the more efficient you'll be with team, and the more you'll be able to actually scale without adding more hours to your plate, which is the biggest win as a business owner and an entrepreneur. Learning number three, it is always a lead problem. If your business isn't growing, it's not because of your content, it's not because of your website, it's not because of your logo looks a certain way, it's a lack of leads.

I talk to so many business owners who are trying to scale their business, they're trying to get more clients, and then the next thing that they talk about is, how is my social media content? Hey, can you check out my website? Hey, can you look at my sales proposal?

And my face just kind of goes blank because they are focusing on the wrong things. If you don't have a scalable, predictable way to get new clients, and you are focused on your website, your logo, creating content on social media, you are focused on the wrong thing. The problem with creating a sales presentation, a website, a branding, all that sort of stuff, if you don't have leads, there's literally no point, and you're almost going backwards.

People grossly underestimate the volume and the action that is required to create that predictable and scalable lead gen model inside of their business. They think, oh, I can just send 10 DMs a day, or I can just post on social media, or if I just pop up a website, people are going to start coming to me. No, we need to focus on creating a predictable, scalable lead gen system that can bring leads to us on easy mode.

Because if we don't have that, then we're always going to be guessing where our next client's going to come from. We're going to be not able to scale because we don't have a predictable way to get new opportunities and people to talk to. And at the end of the day, we're going to be working on the wrong things.

And we're going to be in the mindset that thinking, oh, my logo or my website is going to actually bring me business. When in reality, it's the volume and action of getting new clients that is actually going to bring you new clients. For your business, leads are the real engine.

If you do not have leads, you do not have a business. And if you're focusing on sending five DMs a day, posting one time a day, you are focusing on the wrong things. The first thing that you need to be focusing on from a business perspective is creating that pipeline that is automated.

And if you're sending manual DMs, what you need to be doing is you need to be automating your cold outreach so that you can predictably get new inquiries on easy mode. What I like to do is I like to use instantly. I can literally pull a list directly inside of instantly.

I can write my email copy once using AI, using instantly, and I can send cold emails to decision makers, thousands every single day that land in the inbox and create me that pipeline of predictable clients. And then my time is spent optimizing that and getting new opportunities. Because once I crack the code on the lead gen, then that proves the model.

And maybe I can focus on the website, the branding, the logo, the social media content, because what that's going to do is it's going to supplement the lead gen. But what we don't want to do is we don't want to focus on the website, social media, all that sort of stuff first before we have that predictable lead gen source. So what you need to do if you do not have predictable leads is you need to create an automated, scalable, AI-driven way to predictably get you business so that you're not focusing on the wrong things and you're scratching your head.

Why are there no clients coming to me? So what we need to avoid here is we need to avoid basically posting endlessly without having an actual outbound strategy. We need to stop thinking that more engagement or more views equals more clients from a social media perspective.

We need to stop thinking about our brand versus our pipeline. And we need to stop believing that scaling this or automating this or sending this amount of volume is something that you need to do later after you send manual DMs. This is something that you need to do ASAP if you want to actually get the volume of leads that will require you to actually grow.

Again, people grossly underestimate how much volume we need to send in order to actually get clients. And this effort's just going to continue to compound. You're going to get better at it and it's going to be easier and easier for you to fill your pipeline.

Big picture here is if you fix your lead flow, you will fix everything in your business. More conversations equals more data, more sales, and more clarity on what's working well for you. The businesses winning today are solving their lead gen problem first and everything else secondary.

You need leads daily and you need something that you can scale so you can do it automatically. Most people overcomplicate scaling their business. What you really need is you need a system that can get clients quickly.

I put together a five-step business launch playbook that goes through how to craft an offer people actually want, how to set up automated lead gen using instantly, how to send 500 cold emails a day without hiring a team, how to launch a high converting notion lead magnet, and how to review and refine your system weekly. It's clean, it's free, and it's what's working right now. If you want that, you can go ahead and click the link down in the description to grab it.

Our learning number four is that creativity is killing your momentum. Trying to be clever is slowing you down. Simplicity wins at the end of the day.

When I first started my business, I would focus so much on my presentation, how my website looked, my branding, the copy, creating social media content. When at the end of the day, I was focusing on the wrong things because I was trying to be clever with everything and I was trying to stand out. The problem with that was for me, it delayed everything.

It delayed launching. I would have to run this by five people. I'd get all of their opinions and I would make updates.

And it really just, again, delayed what mattered most, which was I need to get in front of people in a simple way. The market used to reward novelty, but today it rewards clarity. People don't have time to figure out what you do and what you need to do is you need to make sure what you do is not necessarily clever.

It is simple and clear and that's how you actually get responses and actually be able to grow your business and solve a problem that's actually out there in the market. It's really simple. What I like to do when I'm trying to figure out what business, what is the offer that I want to figure out after talking to a lot of business owners about this, all we really need to figure out is who is our target customer?

What is the avatar? Who do we want to serve? Is it SaaS companies?

Is it home service companies? Is it entrepreneurs? Is it coaches?

Is it real estate? What are the pain points that this person has that is related to a financial implication, meaning it's costing them money, they're losing money as a result, they're losing time as a result. And then what we need to figure out is what are the desired outcomes of that specific avatar that's getting them excited, that's related to making money, saving time or saving money.

All we really need to do is come up with a simple way of how we solve that problem. And that becomes our simple offer. I talk to so many business owners that are trying to do everything.

They're trying to be full service. They're trying to be clever with doing this funnel and then doing ads and then offering a website and then doing this and then having five different channels that they're trying to solve this one problem for, thinking that that's going to allow them to increase the prices or get the clients to the outcome. When in reality, what they're doing is they're just creating a complex offer for their business.

So what we like to do is we like to just say, if we could just do one thing to get them to their outcome, what are these steps in order to do that? That becomes our steps desired outcome. And what we want that to be is a simple way to get them from where they are to where they want to go.

And all we really need to do is figure out what is the one thing that we need to do in order to achieve that. And that becomes our offer, which becomes simple. For example, if I'm targeting coaches, I want to help them get predictable, high ticket clients.

What's everything that I need to do in the most simplest way possible using the skill sets that I have in order to get there? I'm going to run an ad. I'm going to deploy appointment setters.

I'm going to put bookings directly on their calendar. That becomes the one way to do it. Could I do website?

Sure, that could help. Could I do YouTube videos? Would probably help.

Could I do funnel and XYZ platform to send them SMS reminder? Probably that would help. But that's going to overcomplicate my business.

It'd make it way more difficult for me to actually scale because there's way too many moving parts. We don't need to be clever. We just need to solve one simple problem.

Clarity wins all day. Stop spending three weeks on a logo. Stop trying to write clever messaging that nobody understands.

Stop trying to offer 20 things thinking that's actually going to be a simple way to solve a problem for the customer and stop hiding behind your branding and start testing different messaging to your ideal customers. Creativity is only going to be a distraction until you have traction inside of your business. Keep it boring.

Keep it clear because that's what converts. Our learning number five is that speed of iteration beats quality of planning. Your best business ideas do not come from planning.

They come from feedback loops. All successful businesses were born out of a series of solving problems. The problem that I see with so many people is they try to brainstorm all these different ideas on the problem they could solve and then they take forever to do this and they plan, plan, plan and then they build it and then they try to sell it.

Today, the sequence goes test, learn, iterate not build, plan, sell. Now what can we do? We can now test different offers, test different angles, test different mechanisms that we can then expose to the market and see what actually gets responded using a high volume way to get feedback loops to understand what actually works well in our business and what's actually going to solve the real life problem for the people that we're actually trying to help.

So many people waste time, waste money creating something that just people don't want. What I would do if I was starting a business is I would basically come up with a few different ideal client profiles. I would test multiple different offer angles talking about what we've talked about in this video and figure out what is getting the most replies and going deeper on that and refining that.

Your best source of feedback is going to be the feedback from the actual customers. It's not going to be you googling. It's not going to be you exploring ChatGPT.

It is going to be you getting in front of your customers and understanding what they want and reiterating based off of that. And if you don't have a simple offer, if you don't have an automated lead gen system to send at a high volume to actually get in front of people, it is going to be very challenging for you to actually take action and make an offer that's going to be irresistible for your ideal clients. And this is something that we should always be doing and doubling down on and pivoting.

I mean, we change our offers. We iterate our offers consistently because we're understanding what the market wants. We're understanding what the market is responding to.

And we have the data of what actually works, which allows us to double down on that. So stop waiting for the perfect launch. Stop building full offers, branding websites before you even validated what you do.

Don't stick to an idea and get set on it without getting actual feedback from people and stop confusing planning with progress. Business is built in the field, not in a Google Doc. Your momentum will come from feedback.

It'll come from cycles, not from strategizing. We need to move fast. We need to take action on this so that we can actually start to get feedback and actually start to get results for our business.

Now, don't get me wrong. All this advice is pretty good. But if you want to see how starting a business and getting your first customer really works, then click on the video on the screen where we actually start a business completely from scratch and try to sell a service in less than 10 hours.

This is the perfect chance to see how a real business works and learn steps that you need to take if you want to do the same. Thanks so much for watching, guys, and I will see you on that video.