Using cold email templates is a complete waste of time nowadays. And if you're using them, I'm sorry, but you're probably dooming your cold email campaigns before you even start sending. It's easy to see why people say cold email is dead, but that's only because those people don't even know what's working right now and what results are even possible with cold email.

Because let's just call it like it is, they're just too stubborn to adapt and change. Reality is this just creates an even bigger opportunity for you, those watching this video to stand out from all the rest. And what I'm going to be showing you in this video is the exact strategy that's getting results like 747 positive replies a month for one business, booking 500 plus demos for another, and of course, scaling my very own agency to 100k per month in monthly recurring revenue.

Since the beginning of time, us marketers have constantly been in a game of cat and mouse with the email providers. Email providers like Google and Microsoft are trying to create the best possible user experience for people who use those inboxes. On the other hand, email marketers are trying to sell those inbox users the most amount of stuff possible.

So the question becomes, how can we all win? Well, outreach templates used to work, but nowadays they're just overused, impersonal, and easily identified by spam filters, which of course has become a huge problem. Response rates from templates have plummeted in the recent years, and people are just burnt out and don't want to keep seeing the exact same copy and paste message.

And if you want proof, just open your own spam filter. It's literally full of Alex Berman's famous subject line, quick question or first name question mark. Then when you open those emails, it only gets worse with a bunch of templated garbage that just about makes me want to huck my computer out the window.

If you actually want to win with cold email, you need to stop sending generic bulk templates. It just doesn't work anymore. In the early days between the 1990s and 2000s, email was on the rise.

Cold email first emerged as a digital extension of traditional direct marketing. Back then, just simply sending an email was enough to catch attention because inboxes weren't yet saturated. We're talking about executives only getting a few emails a day.

And at this point, simple templates were effective. Basic email merge with minimal personalization worked well since people weren't overwhelmed with digital communication yet. In the 2000s and 2010s, things changed with what I'd call the growth and spam explosion phase.

Mass emailing became popular with automated tools like MailChimp and Constant Contact, allowing businesses to send cold emails using bulk templates. As mass emailing scaled, so did spam complaints, and email providers responded with stricter filters. Poorly targeted emails began to get filtered out or simply ignored.

Around the same time, email providers lobbied for anti-spam laws like CanSpam in the US and GDPR in Europe, forced companies to adapt their cold email practices. This led to a focus on opt-in lists and more transparency in email as a whole. Then in the 2010s and 2020s, we saw what I'd call the personalization era.

Generic templates started to decline because inboxes were getting more crowded, and businesses needed to find ways to stand out. This led to data-driven insights. With tools like LinkedIn Sales Navigator and CRMs, marketers could gather specific data on prospects, like their job titles or company information, allowing them to create more tailored emails.

As personalization became key, platforms like Outreach.io and Sales Loft made it possible to personalize emails to thousands of prospects all at once, keeping a somewhat human touch with automated workflows. Finally, we're into the present day of the AI era. Dynamic personalization where tools like Instantly AI and Clay are enabling deeper, real-time personalization by pulling data from multiple sources and not just one.

This allows for customizing emails on recipient behavior, interests, and even recent company activity. Today, hyper-personalized targeted outreach is the new standard. Emails are dynamic with content that can change in real time based on a prospect's latest activity or business updates, making them feel more relevant and ultimately human.

And as more businesses adopt AI-powered cold outreach, traditional static templates are becoming obsolete. Instead, emails now reflect each recipient's unique context. So where are we at in 2025?

Personalization isn't just nice to have, it's essential. Just like how talking to another human face-to-face sells more stuff than flashing a billboard at someone, detailed personalization is your key to unlock massive success in your business. So now that you have all that context, let's dive into what's actually working in cold email right now.

The power of dynamic personalization is key. Using tools to gather specific data from LinkedIn, like LinkedIn job posts, activity, job changes, and company news allows you to tailor each email to the individual. AI makes personalization scalable, but the human touch is what makes your outreach truly stand out.

The great thing is personalizing cold email can actually be super simple. I like to think of it as a three-part approach. First, it's saying, I see you.

Second, I know your pain. And third, I can solve your problem. For example, imagine you're reaching out to someone named Carly.

You say, hi Carly, I saw your LinkedIn post about opening a new location for Breva Bank. Next line, you can say something like, I'd imagine it's extremely challenging to hire and keep great staff who are specialized in their fields, especially while expanding so quickly. Next, you can present your solution.

You might say, I run the world's fastest growing remote staffing company in the finance space. We have a handful of candidates specialized in mortgage brokering based near you in Orlando. Then you could wrap it up with an offer to connect and say, can I send along more info?

This approach might seem too personal to automate, but it's completely possible. And I'm going to show you how. It all comes down to where you actually get this data from and a creative approach to prompting within Insomely's AI prompting hub.

In order to really create this outcome that we're going to move away from templates, we still want to have our end in mind. I don't want this to be confusing to anyone. We're still going to kind of go off of a template, but so much of it is going to be AI driven using the system I'm about to show you.

And so just like I gave you earlier, we're going to say something to somebody who's potentially a bank manager or maybe even somebody who works in HR. Hi Carly, I found you through LinkedIn and loved your post on how you measure success in your role at Bank America. So maybe this would be someone where their most recent LinkedIn post was them opening a new branch, or maybe it's just a post of them talking about how they measure success in their role.

Every single LinkedIn post is going to be different, but here's my quote template. Hi Carly, I found you through LinkedIn and loved your post on how you measure success in your role at Bank of America. I'd imagine it's extremely challenging to hire and keep staff who are specialized in their field, especially while expanding so quickly.

I run the world's fastest growing remote staffing company in the finance space. We have a handful of brilliant candidates who are specialized in mortgage brokering near you in Orlando. Can I send along more info?

So that's what we're trying to go for. Let's go ahead and dive into Instantly. Now, if you're using the leads finder, that's an okay place to get data, but an even better place would again be LinkedIn sales navigator and using the toggle here to find leads of candidates that have posted a LinkedIn post in the last 90 days.

This is going to give us really clean data so that everyone we're talking to is active in the marketplace and has data for us to summarize. And of course, send to them via cold email. And so if you have this tool, you can go on here and search bank branch manager, for example, this would be a good one to look up and start to kind of see, you know, who is making posts in this space or who has things that they want to say about this topic in our space.

Like Jim here would be a great example. Ironically enough, in this space, anytime people are talking, they're either themselves or a general manager, or they're talking about hiring a general manager. This seems to be a really great topic to talk about.

And so you're going to want to scrape that data and bring in the data point of somebody's most recent LinkedIn post that is indeed our ICP. So these are people that we want to talk to, and they're online talking about the things that are relevant to what we're selling. So it starts with the data.

So we're going to want to scrape all the data that we can that's relevant to our ICP, who we want to talk to, and then also that those people are consistently posting on LinkedIn. And we can do that by clicking the toggle button to say prospect has posted in the last 90 days. And of course, export that list of leads.

Next, you'll have them in a list that looks something like this. And we have to do one more step, which is actually to scrape the data. Now there's a huge misconception around how this actually works, because a lot of people might think you can just dive right into instantly use the AI prompts here to actually find and summarize the data.

In fact, if we don't already have the data to pull in, these tools can't actually go on to say, like using their LinkedIn and find a personal line. It's not actually doing that. In order to do that, we're going to use another tool called clay.com.

It's going to do the web scraping so we can pull good data and then it can be summarized using instantly AI prompting hub. Now keep in mind that clay.com is not the only tool on the internet that can scrape websites. You can also use other ones out there like browse.ai and a whole slew of others that can go and get hard data and turn it into something that's summarizable.

We're going to want to pull in this data that you have, and we'll call this the LinkedIn sales nav data. And we should have contacts like first name, last name, full name. And then what we want to do here is we want to take the LinkedIn profile and we want to enrich it.

So we're going to go to add enrichment on this side, we're going to go to tools and we're going to go to legend AI web scraper. Like I said, AI itself is not a web scraper at scale, not with the tools that are built these days. So the prompt I'm going to use here is just visit this contact's LinkedIn profile and gather the text from their most recent LinkedIn post.

So I'm going to do that here. And that's going to be my prompt. And I need to actually do forward slash link.

So LinkedIn profile here and visit the contacts LinkedIn to gather this information. You can use any of the collegiate models. I can use Aragon.

So it has web research capabilities. I'm going to go ahead and do the output as a field right on my clay table. And you can run all the rows or you can just run 10 rows to see what the output looks like.

So I'm going to go ahead and click run here. So while that's doing that, I've already done this for all 25 rows. And so we can zip back over here and see what the output looks like.

It's going to grab their most recent LinkedIn post and it'll have the data all right here. And so for example, this one is a US bank. You're empowered to make a difference in the lives of our customers, communities, coworkers, and shareholders.

Join our team. Explore what's possible at the US customer bank as bank manager in Geneva, Ohio. We can confirm that too, just by going to this person's LinkedIn and looking at what was indeed posted on here.

Let's go ahead and pull this up here and go to activity and just double check. It indeed did pull the most recent data attending the Opal CLO summit. And the most recent LinkedIn post is attending the Opal CMO summit.

Great. Now you can see that this has data from all these different prospects. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to, again, download as a CSV.

And I did just to check it here, but you probably just pulled the CSV directly into instantly and start a new campaign. So I'll just call this one instantly branch manager campaign. And we'll go ahead and add those leads that we just downloaded here.

Go ahead and map these just as you normally would. First name, last name, email, LinkedIn, custom variable, Twitter, title, website, phone number, location, employees, industry. And of course their most recent LinkedIn post.

And we'll go ahead. And since we're just using a test campaign here, we'll go ahead and upload those to our campaign. Now it's time for us to indeed use the AI prompting hub inside instantly.

So we're in our leads tab here. So we're going to go to AI prompts and I've already got these set up as templates, but in this case, we've got a LinkedIn summarization of post. And so I'm going to edit this so I can show you what I'd said in here.

This is the contacts LinkedIn post. And I'm going to go ahead and put that property in here, summarize it in a sentence. So I can say to this contact, I saw your most recent LinkedIn post on give me the output to fill in the blank rule, start the output with the word on all lowercase and end with a period, no quotes, just give me the raw output.

So in this case, I can generate a test output here to show you what it looks like on the importance of networking in today's job market. And so that would be the summarization probably of one of the other posts that's on here. But let's go ahead and save it.

And we'll go to this post here. Most recent LinkedIn post is right here. Output column, we'll go ahead and create a new one.

And we'll generate for all leads. Now what we have is a version of all of these leads with their LinkedIn post summarized. So you can see it right here.

Our team is dedicated on redefining success. So that was the post that this person had made. Now we've got a version of it that we can actually send to them.

So our team is dedicated on redefining success in banking. It's not just about the bottom line, but about solidifying customer success and impacting financial outcomes. And now this says on redefining success in banking.

So kind of giving them the same gist, but written in an email that we can actually send. And so now what I'm going to do is complete the template with a custom variable, which is a summarized version of it using AI. So a summarized version of it.

Great. And it should already have a period. So we've got a preview.

It says the same thing. Hi, first name. I found you through LinkedIn and loved your post on redefining success and banking, right?

Easy to reference because that's exactly what they talked about in the post. So now what we're going to do is something even more special, which is we're going to guess what a pain point would be for this position in this person based on their LinkedIn posts. So one thing leads into the next.

Okay, so what I'm going to do is go into the leads area once again, and I've already created this prompt. So we go to my templates here, and you're going to see it's a banking recruit challenge is what I called it. Basically, what I said is based on this LinkedIn post, make an assumption about what this prospect is likely struggles with in terms of keeping top quality talent.

Here's an example. I imagine extremely challenging to hire and keep great staff who specialize in the field, especially while expanding so quickly, I put rules in these AI loves rules, less than 30 words, write it in first person talking to the prospect directly. And you'll see I literally just used my sort of template that I'm going off of to build these prompts.

And so that's what I did here. So you can even generate a test output, or we can go ahead and run these for all of them. Let me go ahead and I'll do that here really quick.

Go to the LinkedIn post text. Okay, we don't even have to summarize it, we just give it all the text and then the output here, we can create a new one or go right to recruiting challenge and again, generate a test output, make sure we're looking good. And then we're going to go ahead and click generate for all leads.

Now once you've done that, you'll see under the banking recruit challenge column here, you'll see that each one of these is truly different because again, it's based on a unique thing that they said on LinkedIn. And so it's going to kind of be similar, but just enough detail to really give the prospect the feeling that you care enough to do a little research and try and tie in what they said into some sort of a pain point. Okay, so let's go into the sequence here.

And it's just as simple as mail merging it. So I'm going to use the variable here, I'm going to go to the banking recruit challenge, and we're going to preview it, it looks good, I can see how it might be tough to retain top talent who align with your values and goals in such a competitive industry. Now I'm going to finalize this demo here for you by doing one final thing, which is summarizing the location.

This one's pretty darn simple, like you can see here, maybe someone's based in a certain town or something. So we can go like that go over to the leads tab here. And being that the location should be on here, it is Bear Lake Michigan, for example, this is one that already exists in the AI prompting template.

So if I just type in the word location, some other very smart instantly user has already created city from the full location. So I'm going to do that here, I'm going to grab the location, and we're going to just create new columns where it just says the city instead of city and state very simple. But again, it's a little kind of conversational touch points that you make that make it seem like someone actually sat down and wrote this email.

And it would actually be hard for someone to even pick out what was even written by AI and not. And just like that, we're now seeing just the city on this column here. Okay, so we'll dive back into our sequence here.

And I'll show you this based near you in variable now exists because we have that city to location. And finally, this is just for our first email, you can click preview and see how awesome this thing looks. It's short, it's to the point it's relevant.

And more than anything on this demo, you guys, I hope that it's expanding your mind to what is possible with this stuff, because we could write all of our follow ups, and we can reference data and re summarize it and do all these amazing things. Once you've got the hang of how to write your own prompts using instantly AI template hub, if you want to implement this right away, head down to the description and click the first link there, where you'll find my exact workflow ready to copy. And if you're still not convinced, let me show you a few more examples of how this approach can work in different scenarios.

For example, let's take a cybersecurity company pitching to a SaaS company that's had a data breach. Here's how personalized email might look. Hi, Terry, I noticed software cloud recently went through a data breach growing pains that we've seen many fast scaling SaaS companies face as cyber shield, we've specialized in securing cloud based software platforms like yours by implementing custom tailored cybersecurity solutions.

Our clients such as loom and attentive have seen a 60% decrease in system vulnerabilities in the first three months with us opposed if I send over more info. Notice how specific that email is to soft cloud. It's not a generic pitch is directly addressing their pain points builds trust in offers a solution.

And some of those case studies can even be automated with the prompting system that I just showed you. Now let's look at another example. This time for a digital marketing agency reaching out to a brick and mortar store.

Hi, Tom, I came across home heaven and love how you've built a strong presence in the local community. However, I noticed there's a big opportunity to attract even more customers, especially in the younger demographic using targeted online marketing strategies at growth apex. We specialize in helping brick and mortar stores like yours increase foot traffic by 20 to 30% within six months by reaching out to new audiences with SEO and ads.

We've worked with businesses like Marty's clothing and help them increase in store sales while building an online presence for future growth. Mind if I share more info again, kind of the same type of pitch. But you'll notice that if say we're a company helping small business owners that are trying to attract younger demographics, we can write that prompt to take their assumed pain point and then re-engineer it to tie back into what we have to sell and what our core offer actually is.

By making your outreach specific to each company's needs, you're showing prospects that you actually took the time to learn about them, making your email far more compelling than a typical template. This approach will really give your prospects the impression that you took the time to understand them. And when you do this, you'll never have to worry where your next deal is coming from.

Your inbox will seriously thank you later. If you want to learn in more detail about how to make high converting cold email templates that will generate you the best results from cold email, click this video right here and I'll walk you through everything you need to know, everything from scraping the right leads to email copy follow-ups and subject lines. And I'll see you in the next video.