Hey guys, Raul here. And if you're struggling with getting responses to your emails, that's mainly because of copy or targeting. And I asked you guys to send over some of your code email copy.

So in today's video, I'm going to roast them. I'm going to improve them. I'm going to see if I can make them a little bit better and walk you through my mindset of how I approach copywriting, how I approach tweaking copy, how I approach using different angles and testing out different variations and also showing you a couple of tools I use to help with my copywriting.

Before we get started, please subscribe, like, so I can keep making this content. And yeah, let's get into it. So the first one is a really interesting offer.

And let's just read them out first. Hey, stop sharing your revenue with pirates. Pirated websites are sharing your courses for free and they are ranking on the Google first page.

Image, screenshot of the pirated course ranking on Google. Recently, we helped Chase Diamond remove pirated courses from all over the internet and increase the revenue. Watch the 42nd testimonial here.

Reply to this email and I'll help you remove the pirated courses from Google for free with no strings attached. So first impressions. It's pretty good.

It's like interesting. Just purely based on that, it might warrant a response because it's something unique. You don't really see this kind of offer.

It has a really clear offer of what they're doing. Just removing pirated courses. And the guarantee where they ask the call to action is also pretty clear.

Just reply and they'll do it for free. It's really the good part. So what first impressions on the negative side.

So it starts more like an ad. It's not, it doesn't talk to me like a regular conversation. It's not like an email.

First line, stop sharing your revenue with pirates. It's more like a Facebook ad, Twitter ad, Google ad maybe. It's not how people usually speak.

Second part, like image. I wouldn't add images, image URLs in the first email. You can send them later.

Or you can ask permission to send them over. But don't add them in your first emails typically. It will reduce your deliverability.

And then also adding a link. So I have like image plus a link in here. I don't usually click links from strangers.

So I wouldn't add links here as well. You can ask permission to send our link. But the call to action is pretty good.

So let's start tweaking a little bit. Like how I would share it. My first name.

We can keep this. What I would do in this case actually is if you're targeting, let's say, people that have a comrade course. You just got their lead somewhere.

Like, hey, I'm going to direct it to me because I know myself. And we have course out there that's pirated. So we're actually in the direct group.

So, hey, Raul. I noticed your your one of your courses is being pirated in Google. I noticed one of your courses pirated in Google.

It's pretty good. Maybe even more interesting is did you know one of your courses being pirated in Google? Maybe more interesting.

It's my interest more. Raul, did you know one of your courses being pirated in Google? I can help you work in for free.

so you won't lose any revenue for it. I promote for free so the value prop so you won't lose any revenue for it. And then call to action something super simple.

Let me know if this one. So this quote action. Hey, Raul, did you know one of your courses being pirated in Google?

I can help promote for free so you won't lose any revenue from it. I'm not a native English speaker so you're making any mistakes. That's on me.

From it. Let me know if interested. This is pretty good, right?

Like, I would respond possibly because the main things, like no links, no nothing, I get the core value over it and then maybe you can add all the stuff that you have here in the follow-ups. If you don't respond to this, then you send a screenshot. Hey, here's a screenshot of pirated courses.

Hey, here's a screenshot of how we helped Chase Diamond. So add those things in the follow-ups. Don't add everything to the first email.

But yeah, like I'm pretty, like it's super simple, but I feel strong. Like, you've just blasted to people that actually have a course pirated. Like, this will work.

So yeah, feel free to use it. I hope it makes sense. Let's go over to the next one.

So this one, first impressions, already like seems much better, much shorter. Hey, name, I just discovered company last week and I'm starting to be a fan of it. I was wondering if you guys are looking for someone to write email sequences funnels for company.

Interested. So, like, really good, already, might work, but definitely we can improve of making the pain points a little bit stronger and being a little bit more specific. Let's copy the first one, first sentence here, and again, instantly, myself can be a target for this, so I'm gonna write it as I would respond, as I would open an email.

So, hey, Raoul, I would add the second link, aesthetics. I, let's put, I've been using instantly for now, and I'm just not starting to leave it, and I'm using instantly for a while now, and I'm a big fan on it. So, legit compliment, if I get it and somebody says, yeah, love instantly, I've been using instantly, whatever way you wanna phrase it, doesn't matter, but this is a good opening if you wanna personalize this.

And, like for the previous, sorry for something wrong, but you can add it here, like, hey, Raoul, love your Twitter content, love your YouTube content, but did you know? So, you can add and mix and match with persuasion if you want. Let's go back to this one.

Hey, I've been using instantly for a while now, I'm a big fan of it. So, I was wondering if you guys are looking to sound right. So, the offer is to write sequences for us.

Main thing of cold email, like you wanna get to the offer, like why are you writing them? I don't care about somebody writing sequences emails for me. What I want is more clients, increased MRR, and lower our churn.

These are the things I want. And writing emails is just a vehicle of getting me those results. So, like, I will start with those.

And maybe we can even use, like, if they actually use instantly, I'm something in your email flow that could help you, then you can add, like, increase revenue, or lower churn, main sales, KPIs. And there's something in your email flow that could help you add 10 new clients every month by just some simple pitch if I send on the code. So, this one, let's read it.

Hey, Raoul, I've been using Insta for a while now, and I'm a big fan of it. Maybe, I like to add, like, by the way, let me know this kind of, like, more conversation or, like, chatty type lines to make it seem more that it was typed up right now. By the way, I noticed something in your email flow, I don't know if that could help you, let's say, lower churn by 2%, add 10 new clients, convert more people from trials monthly by just some twinkle seed.

You can email, I noticed something that could help you, so the helping thing is first, and the email flow, I noticed something that could help you, increase your simple tweaks to your email flows. So again, it speaks my interest, like, okay, what did she notice in my email flows, and it shows, like, you've done a little bit more research, you've actually used that. If you haven't done it, like, once you get a positive response, just, like, sign up to the tool, see even the, like, onboarding flow, select, see what can remaster writing, and then respond with something that makes sense.

Yeah, I feel this is much better, much stronger. It's weird, like, usually I make it, like, shorter, it's a little bit, like, longer, so you can even, maybe, like, remove the presentation, make it simpler. Hey, Raul, I noticed something, let's do, like, auto variation.

Ready to, here, Raul, I noticed something that could help, move you, and put the company name here. Raul, I noticed something that could help instantly, increase revenue by just some simple tweaks or email flows, one of a ceremonial, so even shorter, might also work. So these are pretty, pretty good now, but already I think the first one was great, so there wasn't very much to improve.

Good job. And the last one, email three, so, from the top, straight away, you can see, like, much longer, so we're gonna cut this down, but let's read it through. Hi, hello, so they're using Spintax, that's good, to make the emails unique.

Hey, Raul, you probably get a big number, emails like this, so let me make this email worth your time, get straight to the point, so this is, like, already ironic, like, instead of getting straight to the point, you add, like, some jokey slime. With the economy tightening, we're noticing that companies similar to instantly have resorted to relying heavily on discounting their services and sometimes even downscaling sales operations, sales at oxygen during your organization, and with sales reps being unmotivated because of commission cuts, you will be on live support in no time. an author of the best-selling Spartan sales series, and I'm personally reaching out to you to help your company sales reps negotiate as your lives depend on it and reignite their fire with our Spartan sales and negotiation training.

Our sales side negotiation principles will help you win more sales with fewer discounts and high margins this fiscal quarter, worth exploring on a quick one. So, first thing, super long, like, it reads like a brochure, like, you go in a convention or an event and then you have, like, the entire information about it, like, just cut it down as much as possible. So, let's start with the first one.

Hey, let's go on with this. There's no need. Let me donate this, donate this, donate this.

So, the main offer is to help to more sales, increase sales. So, it's a good offer. Everybody needs that.

And then there's, like, a lot of fluff around offering the services. And I'm just going to make it simple. Aesthetics again.

Hey, Raul. Love. And a little compliment.

All right. Appreciate this. So, let's see.

Economy tightening. Nah. Sales auction.

Nah. What I would do in this case is I would use an intriguing question. So, love instantly.

And sorry if it's a weird question, but what's more to close it right now. If it's below 20%, I might be able to send more info. say, hey, love instantly.

Sorry if it's a weird question, but what's your close rate right now? If it's below 20%, I might be able to help. my name is in more info so then piques my interest uh ask about my close rate so here what you can do is like use that or use this one the close rate asking something that's very specific for them like if you're targeting income stores ask something that's important for them average order value for sauce like close rate might not be this more like agency high ticket sales but what's your churn rate right now but in this example because their sales like they help sales to do more sales and for discounts i think close rate is the main kpi they're helping to improve and maybe just like revenue order value so yeah this is like i think a big improvement super short like if you compare these like skimmable like this one if i receive it i won't even like bother reading it because it's so long this one okay let's see what it's about my instantly so it's a weird question we watch your closes right now it's below 20 i might build help so you can also this one like it's uh industries industry specific numbers so if you know their numbers like use those here whatever they're going to be so for example i don't know the exact offer but if they help to increase revenue by 10 like the average revenue is this the average closer for sales rep is this so use that number in here in conjunction with this and yeah soft soft touch like i wouldn't ask for a call first like if you want to get responses might have to send more info and then send it like then you can send there we have this part in sales series we used this on the exact type of customer like you and we got these results and then you ask it worth exploring a quick call so i think like to summarize stop putting all of your information the first email the first email is just to open up the conversation ask an intriguing question touch their pain points just get respond ask a soft touch call to action might have to send more information instead of a call and if they respond or don't respond then either follow-ups send more information but still use the same principles keep it lean keep it short keep it straight to the point remove all funny sentences everything you don't need just remove them and you're going to get more responses so i hope you like this series if you have your own copy you want me to roast you can add it to our facebook group or dm me on twitter and if this series is successful people like it i'm going to keep doing this and hope you like it again don't forget to subscribe like this see ya