Right, everybody, welcome to the next episode of cold emails and hot takes today I have Sean on the broadcast. It's great to have you on the podcast, Sean. Great to be here, brother.

I appreciate the invite. Thank you. Awesome.

Yeah. So for the viewers listening, Sean is the co-founder and the founder of Closing Clients Group, Lead Formatters, and he has sold the lead chain agency and now builds in-house systems for B2B businesses. So he knows the game when it comes to how to print meetings and close clients with cold outreach.

And yeah, Sean, you're ready to reveal a couple of cold outreach secrets today? Ready, bro. Let's get into it.

Okay, great. Yeah. So one of your tweets went viral yesterday and it was about two-factor authentication with Google Workspace accounts and how to go around that.

And it's a question I hear people ask me a lot. Can you tell me a little bit more about that? Yeah.

So as you'll know, the issue is occasionally you'll get, well, quite often now, they'll get notifications from Google to say that your account has been disabled, it's been blocked. You know, you can just log back in and everything will be fine, but this will disconnect it from instantly, right? And then what you'll find is if I think you can have the same number with five domains, five email accounts, and it'll stop you from using that number.

So then you can't get the code to do the two-factor authentication and then you start, right? So you can't reconnect. So what you can use instead is something like Hushed, Text Verified.

You can get all these burner numbers, right? They're like $6, $7 a month. And that will allow us to get those codes, printing, reconnected instantly, and there's no issues.

And, you know, you're not limited then to the amount of numbers you need on the phone. You can just win some repeat and get as many numbers as you want. Okay, great.

That's called Hushed or Text Verifier, right? Hushed. Yeah, Hushed.com or Text Verifier.

Yeah, Text Verifier. Okay, great. That's a good tip right there.

And in another tweet you mentioned you can send 132 emails per day, not counting the warm-up, just for the cold outreach. How do you do that? What's the strategy to send that type of volume per domain?

So the strategy on that, I think you can send more. But I've safely tested that for about 18 months. And as you mentioned, I've got a group and there's people on Twitter and there's people that I've coached.

So I can safely say hundreds of people have tested this, right? So the strategy is per domain, we have 132 emails that we'll send. Typically what I'll do is I'll, through instantly, I'll create a campaign and I'll have four domains per campaign.

So then what that allows me to do is to send 528 emails a day. I have it sending between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m.

And then we have a five-minute delay in between emails. And that then will target 176 new prospects per day as long as we have only two follow-ups. Because what the issue will be is you'll get people with four, five, six follow-ups.

And then in reality, you're actually only reaching out to 18 new prospects every day, right? Because the bulk of the sending, once it's at full capacity, is sending to these follow-ups. So I found that's the optimal number at which I can send to target new prospects and have no us on the blacklist.

So in terms of how to do it, we'll literally warm for two weeks, keep it continually warm. And I'll spur the recommended settings in instantly. And then there's no ramp-up period, straight 132.

Within the settings, we'll set it to 175 to allow for 40 warm-up emails a day. And that's it. And we just scale that with the number of domains that we want to use.

And typically, as I said, we'll use four domains per campaign. So I'll just run multiple campaigns. So you can be sending thousands of emails every day safely.

Whereas typically, you'll see people sending 60 emails a day and then ramping up by 10, maxing at 70. You can go much higher than that. You can probably go much higher than 132, as you'll know.

But we don't know what's the cut-off point, right? Yeah, for sure. That's interesting that you go into the 132 right away without the ramp-up.

So I'm actually going to test that also. That's a good strategy. All right.

So a couple of rapid-fire questions here related to cold email outreach. And after that, we'll jump into some more open-ended or broader topics. But yeah, are you ready for a couple of rapid-fire questions?

I'm ready. Let's get it. All right.

Let's do it. What are your favorite B2B data sources? Crunchbase, Apollo, LinkedIn.

All right. What are some of your favorite subject lines that are not quick question? See, my subject line will always relate to the offer.

I know it's rapid-fire. It's not a rapid transfer. But I'll always have something relating to the offer, right?

So although I know it will decrease the open rates, I know that people that are opening are more likely to reply or at least be more interested, right? So it's like if it's a lead generation, it says, John, do you want 10 more leads a month? Or John, do you have the classic to take on more clients?

I always use something personalized at the first time as well. Okay. What's your favorite call to action in a cold email?

Are you interested? Okay. What's your favorite follow-up messaging?

Is this not a priority for you? So it's just a bump. Like if it's a second email, is this not a priority for you?

Okay. Got it. What email provider do you like to use for cold email?

G Suite, Outlook, Zoho, any other provider? No, just G Suite. G Suite.

All right. Great. Yeah.

Some rapid-fire value there. Let's move on to some more open-ended questions. I know you sold your lead gen agency.

Now you're also building systems in-house for B2B companies. I'm interested to hear how did you learn cold email? How did you get good at cold emailing or cold outreach in general?

I said it was an amalgamation of different skills that I've acquired in different jobs I had, right? So I left school, went to college in the UK, which was prized to university. And then quickly realised after two months it went for me, I left, right?

So I was only going to the business class because that's how I was interested in. And then I got a sales job. I was on the telephone.

Making calls, trying to close, right? So I got okay at closing deals and being on the form. And then transitioned from there to essentially like an SDR, right?

So it's appointments for reps to go out and meet people for different services. So that then, you know, roles sort of different skill sets that you would say would be perfect for Legion. 2018, I progressed through these companies.

2018, I decided to go off and do my own thing. So I would go into corporate companies, teach them how to convert more from the form and how to improve their cold calling, right? So I go into the sales teams and we do that.

Ran that, got that to about 10,000 a month. Ran that until early 2020, COVID hits. And then the first thing that everyone does is they furlough the sales staff, right?

Just get rid of that. Just try and keep the clients that we've got. Focus on that.

So that made things difficult. But then also you can't really do the sort of training that I was doing over Zoom. It's hard.

It's much easier to do in person. So I had to make a transition. The easiest transition was Legion, right?

Because the fulfillment is the same as acquisition. And I already knew how to acquire clients like through email and through the phone. So that was the transition then into choosing Legion.

And I think that in terms of the copy and getting good or better at cold email, it was just, I understood offers. And I think the crux or the fundamental of a great email is how succinctly can I convey the offer? So can I, where normally you'll get these 10 paragraph emails that nobody wants to read.

Can I say that in two sentences? And it's through practice, trial, error, testing that I got okay at sending emails. Great.

I know for your closing clients group, you're coaching hundreds of people on how to properly do cold outreach and how to scale their agency. What are some common beginner mistakes that you see people doing that prevent them from getting good results? Well, in relation to the agency, it's comes down to working with the wrong clients.

So not having an ideal client profile, just looking to work with anybody that's going to pay you. Choosing the wrong niches. And then related to cold email, it's just reading or doing what everybody else might say, right?

And not testing things for yourself. So just automatically using a first line, even though it might have a detrimental effect, it might not work. Or just using quick question as a subject line or having a long winded form.

Or just what they'll do is they'll try and think of all the sales tactics that they've ever heard from you, me, anything that works really well in an email. Spintax. And forget about the fundamental, right?

Because I can send you an email and say, yo, no, do you want this? Yes or no? Are you interested?

And that'll convert much better than if I tell you, no, map out a full process. So I try and get too fancy. They run before they can work.

And let's say people get to the intermediate level. Let's say they already have like five, 10 clients for the agency. How do they get to the advanced level?

Like let's say to the 50K, 100K a month revenue level. How do they get from intermediate to advanced? Yeah.

So for them, for me, then it becomes a point of bringing things in house. Right. Because at that point, typically the people at least I've spoken to, it's very much sourced.

There's no real systems and processes. Right. So for me, then it becomes systemizing and creating processes for everything.

So that when you can bring people on, there's an SOP, there's a system in play. They should know how to do the task, right? Just from seeing that.

And it's then bringing those roles in house. So you might look to first to sort of part mentalize what your tasks are. So, okay, I'll bring a campaign manager.

I'll bring the client retention guy and I might need a chief of operations. Right. So then you can focus on the growth and the revenue generating tasks.

And you've got guys that you can trust and girls who are going to do these, these things that are going to keep the business turning. Right. And then you can focus on your strengths.

If you're not the best at growing it, but you're the best at doing the systems and you bring someone to be growing. So there are a lot of little things. I think most important thing is just systemizing and bringing on a good team.

Okay. Where do you find these good people? You mentioned campaign manager, client retention, whoever you might need.

Like, how do you find good people for your team? Trial and error. I think like when we had the group that, you know, is like blaze just, it was just through working with blaze for months and months.

And now blaze is like, you know, an outreach God, you know, he's like a, is brilliant. But not everyone could do that. So if you go on something like Upwork, if you're initially trying, you find people, you put, you know, you interview them thoroughly, put some questions in, maybe relating to the role so that they have to solve a problem relating to that role before you interview them.

If you get the scale of 10K plus, then you need to be looking at bringing these things in house, right? So it's going through a normal channel, how you would know to go through to get a job or posting something on LinkedIn and having people replying and vet them through that way. Cause that's when the standards need to, to go above probably what's on something like Upwork.

Yeah. Okay. For sure.

Let's go back a little bit to like the actual closing of clients, like the tactics, right? Getting a positive reply is one thing, but then turning the positive reply into a meeting is like an additional step. It's another part of the process.

How do you, what, what are some best practices people can think of when they have a positive reply sitting there? How do they turn it into a meeting and how do they turn that meeting into a client later? Right.

So when you've got a positive reply, he knows interest, right? You've got their interest. So then it's just understanding.

It's trying to understand as quickly as possible. Are they a buyer or not? Right.

And that's all we want to do. And then you have to determine how long should you spend on that? But that wasn't a question.

So for me, it's just get them on the phone as quickly as possible. So you're interested. You've already told me you're interested.

Okay. Why would we not get on a call? Right.

A tactic that I've used and have my team use is when we get an interest to reply, we ring them. So not everyone can scale this, but if you're just starting out, you can cause you timed your biggest asset. And if you go and you've got a team and we'll ring them and we'll get on the call and we can address them.

And we'll get on the call and we can address them. Maybe objections or hesitation and we'll book them in on the phone. We're just giving you a ring.

We've just got the email. We've just given you a ring to go over things. We're at the schedule of time when this is convenient to speak.

And we see much higher conversions by doing that than we do going back and forth. Right? Because if like, if we were trying to arrange something, if you're sending me an email, I can't do next Tuesday.

What about next week? Well, if we're on the phone, if we're doing this, it takes two seconds. Right?

But if it's just through cold email, just recommend, look, I appreciate the response. I can see you're interested. Does next Tuesday at 10 a.m.

work for you? Right? If not, let me know and we'll schedule something and just try and get that call.

But in the series possible. Yeah, that's a good one. Giving them a call.

People just need the courage to do it ultimately. Right? But the more you're able to take, the more money you're going to make.

And the courage can come from, you've got the interest, right? Like this person has responded to positive. It's a cold call.

Yeah. It's not a cold call. No, like I've got the interest.

Like, so it's, you know, you're doing, and this is another thing that I think people need to make the mental shift on. Right? If you believe in your service and you believe that you can do good things for companies, then you're actually doing them a favor.

Right? But if I can help you achieve X, which I knew once with you, then I have a very good reason for speaking to you. Right?

And I know my service is good. I know I can help you achieve that. You just need to make decisions as to whether you want it or not.

So I think if we make this mental shift from, oh, but you know, I don't want to bring them, but I can actually help them. Then that helps how you approach things. Got it.

Do you use just your regular phone to give them a ring or do you have like an app or like? Like an app or like a service that you use? Yeah.

It depends. It depends. So I'm in the UK.

So if it's the US, you can use Skype. So you can go to Skype, I think like three pounds a month. It's like $5.

You can unlimited calls to US landlines of mobile. I used to use go high level, but we'd use Twilio. So I could ring from a local number.

Right? So if I'm trying to get through to someone in Florida, I can have a Florida number and it would look like I'm ringing for Florida. But now we just contact guys in the UK.

So it would just be from the SDRs from their phone. Okay. Got it.

So great. Yeah. So you have the positive reply.

You turn it into a meeting, whether like written or you'd call them up right away. They're booked on your calendar. What's kind of the next step to turn them into a client for your agency?

So the next step is obviously we've got the pre-call show up process, right? So we've text reminders, email reminders, just to make sure that they're going to show up. Next step is we vet them.

I do. We do that prior to we're on the call, but we do that a bit more. Do our research with call.

And then we get into the call. That's where we've had all the information that we need from them. And then we've got a specific call structure that helps us close like 66% of the calls that for the people that we can work with that meet our ICP.

So we can go through the qualification process as long as they're qualified. We'll look to close. We use a one call close and then it's timeline and deliverables, set expectations, full onboarding and then implementation of the systems.

Okay, great. That's a good overview. Good.

So I know like you mentioned systems and processes a couple of times. Like if somebody doesn't know a lot about systems and processes, how do they go about like playing that groundwork or creating more of the system and processes? Any specifics that you want to, that you can mention?

Well, I think you have to break it down into what they are, right? I think when I first heard it, certainly I was like systems and processes, okay, after this big fancy thing, but quite literally all it is a system and a process is just you documenting the tasks that you have to do. Right?

So if you want to build a process, processes for what you're doing, you sit, use something like scribe how or tango, right? And do the tasks that you have to do. So the first task you might do in the morning, you might have to do scrapes and leads, right?

Apollo. So you put scribe how on and what that will do while you're doing a task that will monitor your, your mouse and your desktop and that build the SOP. Right?

So at the end of that, you've just completed the task. You'll have a document with a video on slides showing someone else exactly how to do that. You click next, you insert this, you press this log in, right?

So first of all, you want to do is document those tasks. And then you've got your processes and that becomes a system. And I would regularly review that every month, right?

I might change it's like with instant that when you guys brought out the Zapier, it's like, okay, what now can we do to improve our system, make it more streamlined, make it more efficient? Yeah. And so it's just document your tasks, they become your processes and your system is how do we review that?

How do we improve it? How do we refine it? How do we make it more streamlined?

And that's the simplest way to look for. Yeah. Yeah.

There's not, there's not that much to it, but a good recommendation with Tango, like it will follow your mouse where you click and it will automatically create. Yeah. Yeah.

Because there are SLPs and videos and that's pretty much it, right? Yeah. That's it.

You can just be doing the task and then it's recorded. Right. And then you want to bring someone on, they know how to do that task.

Yeah, exactly. And you, you're going to do this anyway, right? You have this on your to-do list, so you might as well record it.

Exactly. Okay. Yeah.

100%. Good. So I know, you know, with your, with your agency, you're crushing it, you're doing over 100k a month.

If you could go back in time and meet your younger self that was just starting on this entrepreneurial journey, what would you tell him? I know, pay people for their expertise, right? So like pay people who are where I want to be for their expertise as opposed to just trying to learn and do everything yourself and make the same mistakes, right?

So it's like something Alex Almosi will say, right? You can just spend more money on courses, on coaching, on things until you're at a point where you can't possibly spend enough money. That would, you know, outweigh what's coming in.

I think that's invaluable really. And just the speed at which you can learn when you pay someone for the skills or you have the book or whatever it might be, whatever form that might come to them. I would have done that much sooner.

Right. Yeah. Just having the proven, proven blueprint, like not, you know, trying to re- I just like, yeah.

So if I wanted to start an email, send it software, right? I'd pay you for your time. Like what are the biggest pitfalls?

What should I avoid? What's the best track? Because you've gone through this painstaking process, right?

To build something great. It's like, okay, can I pay you to understand? You know, so I'm getting a, I'm getting your years worth of a lesson in an hour, two hours, right?

Yeah, for sure. Let's talk about a little bit about the, the future of cold outreach. Like how can people be ahead of the curve?

What are some strategies that are not on people's radar right now that they can already implement, but they have an advantage over what other people doing cold emailing or cold outreach? Yeah, I think video will be a big thing. It already is.

But if you can use, I mean, you can use that hyperize, right? To send the memes and personalized images. But if you could use a software, which I'm not aware of one at the moment, which would allow you to send personalized videos, then that would be huge.

Again, with email, I'm at the deliverability issues, but that's certainly something you can look through at LinkedIn. I'll be looking at Reddit, and using outreach that way. But if we're speaking specifically about email, then I just think you stick to the fundamentals.

But I think as things get more impersonal, as they are doing now, I think cold calling and those sorts of more personable forms of outreach will improve. Like there's things that you can do to send this some software for that was called now where you can send handwritten notes. Right.

So let's say you've picked 50 clients that you'd love to work with. You send them personalized handwritten notes and you pay for that and they'll automate it. But the ultimate thing is just everything is consistently changing, right?

It's like with the email deliverability, like no one is constantly evolving. So it's just, I would just say, always test the testing what you're doing. You're never going to fixate on one thing consistently test and try and innovate and you should stay ahead of the curve, right?

You're testing enough. Okay. Okay, great.

Yeah, thanks, Sean. Thanks. You dropped a lot of value here on the podcast.

For people who want to learn more about what you do, learn more from you, maybe also some of the processes that you mentioned, where can they go? Where can they find out more? So they've got, I've got Twitter, Sean zeroes 10k on there.

You mentioned before about the closing clients group. I brought that up closing clients group.com. That has all the resources I've done there, but the main stuff, the way you can follow me on Twitter.

Great. Yeah. And you know, I'm in the closing clients group myself.

It's legit. I can recommend it. I'll put the, I'll put the links into the description of this video so that you can, they can easily find it.

But yeah, Sean, thanks again for your time dropping all this strategy, a lot of like actionable tips. And thanks and talk to you soon. Yeah.

Thanks, bro. Thanks. Bye bye.

Bye.