Alex, welcome to the show. Excited to have you with us today. Pumped to be here.

Let's do it. Awesome. Well, let's get straight into business.

Today, I brought the greatest mind around code outreach. They all prepared a really exciting question for you today, but probably the most requested question ahead of this call. What is the best code email outreach you ever received and why it caught your attention?

The best one is actually the voicemail script that I put in the book, which is, Hey, this is John. I'm calling about Burger King. You know, give me a call back.

So you talk about the competitor of theirs and you just have a completely open hook. And I think it also probably would work for cold email. I just know that I got from a voice.

That's the best open hook to get that call. That's amazing. So at gym launch, you guys talk with one out of five gym in the US.

This is a completely wild number. We're talking about 25, 20% of the time. How you guys were able to make that happen?

How you achieve such scale? So two things. One is that we didn't change our business over and over again.

Number one. Number two is we just, I mean, it's really honestly, it's just number one is that we didn't change our business over time. And we had two reliable ways of getting customers.

And we continue to do that month after month after month for, you know, six, seven years now. That's it. I mean, there's, you know, there's whatever, 150,000 gyms.

You do the math on how many gyms, you know, you sell and you think about, you reverse that to how many gyms have showed up for appointments. And that's it. You know, we just talk to a lot of gyms.

So a lot about the fundamentals and keep doing the boring work, same thing over and over and again. Yep. Amazing.

Eric, I think you got the next one. Yeah, absolutely. And so in the book, when you were talking about the cold outreach specifically, you knew that a competitor was doing it and you could kind of see a little bit of revenue going in.

But what was the kind of sign of life in the channel that made you say, you know, we got to keep investing in this. This is a 12 month journey, not a three month journey. Well, I mean, to me, the easiest decisions to make are the ones where you already see somebody else doing it.

So like, then like break it down to physics. Why? Like, if I'm, if I'm getting in contact with people, I'm, I'm in front of someone's eyeballs.

That is my ideal customer. With enough iteration, I can get them to move to the next step. Right.

And that's basically, I mean, the reason I like cold outbound so much is that it's, it's so reliable. Now, it just, it just takes more time to get the nuance of the, the audience that you're going after. And, you know, you guys are in the game.

So you get it. Like there's, there's just a hundred tiny little steps, but I encourage people who are getting into that game to just only look at progress from one step to the next and one step to the next and one step to the next. And then like, it takes a very long time to lay all the bricks across the bridge.

But then once the last bricks in all of a sudden the money just, that was just stockpiled. Boom. It flows through.

And so. Yeah. And, and you also can, the nice thing was there's so many, once you do get the first dollar across, then you just start turning dials.

Like, okay, how can I get open rate up? I can get show rate up. How can I get close rate up?

Can I change this offer? Like all that kind of stuff. Um, and then it can just become a really well old machine.

Yeah. Like you say, not a silver bullet, just a hundred golden. Dude, hundreds of golden babies.

Yeah. So when you were planning to expand from gym seven to gym 10, you were still doing 12 hours of sales meeting a day from eight to eight. Yeah.

When do you think is the right time for a founder to remove himself from the front end of the sales process? And how do you think they should organize themselves building their first sales team? I think it depends a little bit on the business.

So I want to give hard and fast rules because it does depend also how proficient you are. Like if you're a natural sales person and you're very good at it, then it can make, it can make a huge difference in the business. Like the business sometimes can't sustain you not selling.

Right. And so I think it's better to just like, continue to sell, add people to the team. You act as sales manager, really sales lead.

So at least as I define it, you've got salespeople sales lead who kind of mentors the people and then sales manager, who's really in charge of like recruiting, hiring, training, management culture for the team. For me, it starts to get a little bit, basically lead turns into manager if they have the right character traits and like actually enjoy investing in people are not just like killers, which there's a place for them, but they are not the best managers. They're usually actually terrible managers.

So I think that's usually around four, like right as you're getting into four into five is when one person can pop up. And then now you're managing the sales team. And then at that point, I would try and see either.

Is there somebody that I've been grooming since day one to take this over for me? And if you don't think that you don't feel that way about any of the people, which means you're probably not thinking of a sales manager as inside, you can recruit from the outside and bring them in. And I usually look for somebody who has experience in a comparable industry and type of sale.

And I would say type of sale probably matters more than the industry, in my opinion. So like if you're in high volume transactional sales, it's a very different type of sales profile and training than let's say, you know, six months SaaS sales, right? But it's a very different type of person, different skillset that you have to teach.

And so I'd run them. You don't want to take a look. I grew our, you know, B2B SaaS company from 10 million to a hundred million.

And I'm like, well, what's the sales cycle six months? And I'm like, I'm not going to put that guy into a transactional weight loss business. It doesn't really, even though he had this great track record and maybe we're at 10 million, we went to a hundred.

It's probably not going to work out. That makes total sense. Very interesting.

So, so Enzo and I both run cold email agencies and then Roll and Nils ran a cold email agency in the past. I send like, I don't know, like a million cold emails a month at this point. And so sometimes clients come to us and they're like, Hey, you know, this is the copywriting we're using on our website, or this is the copywriting we're using on our ads.

We should put this in email and I always tell them no way we're not doing that. And it's because I, the channels are just different. And so when you are doing your outreach, how do you do the copywriting so that it's different?

Or like, what are the differences for doing copywriting on Facebook ads versus cold outreach? You know, I don't have a very good answer. Um, I just think about what, what makes like, what, like my biggest like copywriting like frame is what would I respond to?

Look, that's, that's like my, my, my simplest, you know, like frame that I look at for like, if I see an ad, I'm like, what would actually get me to respond to this? Now, a big part of that is the offer. Right.

Uh, but like how it's written in the same thing with the email, like sometimes long emails don't necessarily convert. You know, higher response rates on cold. Like it really kind of depends on the industry and what, what the, what the offer is.

Um, so yeah, I, the, the, the, the change for me would just, I love, I think Gary has this really good, um, analogy for it, but it's, it's really contextual. It's like walking into a nightclub versus walking into a library. Even if you're the same person, you might dress differently and you could look out of place.

Um, and so even though, like, I think that if there's a Facebook ad that looks really good, I'd be like, what is the, what's the core message of this? And can I translate this into what would appear to be one-to-one communication? And so like the biggest difference between an ad, so this here's my roundabout way of answering.

If you're running an ad versus an email, one is one to many, one is one to one. And you'd probably like the best way to get someone to ignore one-to-one communication is to make it look like it's one to many. Yeah.

So you can tell that to your clients. Yeah. Absolutely.

Yeah. To bounce back on that. I think, you know, we can all agree that the entire cold, ad-trish process is really about increasing someone's conviction that they will, they will receive value if they respond to work.

If they respond to our email. Sure. I think you guys reaching out to 20,000 leads daily acquisition.com.

I'm curious to know how you guys make everything work and how you personalize at this scale. Yeah. Well, it is different companies.

So that's between, that's between portfolio companies, not one company, just for, for, you know, clarity. The personalization will, you could, obviously there's tools now that will, that can do personalization. But we use VAs a lot of times to help find the little tidbits that get put into the email.

So during the data enrichment process, that's one of the things that we'll do from a tactical perspective. I am also like five levels above this. So like I'm giving you like the, the manager of that, of those teams would probably know a lot better answers than me.

But just with broad brushstrokes, VAs are a big part of it. We use software tools whenever we can to automate any kind of personalization. And a big part of it really comes down to how good the lead magnet is, which is what, like, I put a specific part on the whole outreach of like big, fast value.

Like even, even, even, and especially things that are quote, not scalable, yet create the craziest response rates in my opinion. And so the big breakthrough that we had in the cold outreach process that I showed the numbers on was when we switched the lead magnet. And that was what, what made the huge bump in, in response rates.

And then ultimately sales. That's really interesting. So you guys would also implement the league magnet straight into the copy that you sent to, to, to your mates.

Totally. Totally. Okay.

Totally. Well, because I want to like, if I'm talking to a complete stranger, it's like, they don't care. So it's like, let me give you this thing that obviously costs money because I am so confident that I can provide you value.

And even if you don't buy anything from me, you will get real value because other people in the marketplace charge for this thing. So it's not like me ascribing value to it. It's saying other people charge for this.

And then on the backend, it's like, okay, great. How can I operate the shit, operationalize the shit out of this to drive down my cost so that I can do this at scale, whatever my, my little lead magnet deliverable is. And so like, sure.

Like the information lead magnets in my opinion are overdone because one, they're usually sucky fluff. And so everyone knows that. And even if yours isn't the likelihood that people still think it is, is high.

Whereas giving portions of service away for very specific problems, I think is probably my favorite type of lead magnet that we can do. Like if I had a, you know, I think I give an example of, you know, if you're, if you're an IT company that has, you know, servers and you can show that you can increase speed load times and how that's going to affect their company. It's like, Hey, let me just do this.

I'll do it for free. And you'll immediately see an increase in conversion. And then what do you do after that?

It's like, well, do you want to keep it? Right. Like, fine.

Uh, and so it's really like, I try and look at everything that we do. And like, if I'm looking at a business and we want to start building out cold outbound, I'm like, okay, when we have a customer that comes in, there's probably a hundred little things that we do. Is there one of these things that's incredibly high value?

That's very fast that I can operationalize. And so that we peel that off. And then I make that the lead magnet.

Cause if I'm going to do it anyways, in the onboarding experience, I might as well check the box early. And if someone doesn't buy from me, at least they have nothing but positive to say. Yeah.

So we keep following the same principle, give, give, give, give, give until they ask, even through cold email or cold outreach in general. Super interesting. Cold outreach.

I will make an ask usually, you know, after I make the give, I will make an ask, but from a content perspective. Right. Yeah.

Cause that's the, the organic side, of course. Yeah. Just for clarity for the audience.

Yeah, no, absolutely. Absolutely. And I think so.

And now jumping in, because I just really want your opinion on this. You probably could have been the largest affiliate for open AI when they released GPT-4 because of just how much you were, you were talking about it. You're talking about like these tools, but like, how have you started creating frameworks or have you started working with portfolio companies of how they can start using GPT-4 and AI in their cold outreach in order to, to scale it?

Um, the, the guys who are, so the companies that we have that have outbound as their, as their primary method have already implemented that. So that I, that was from bottom. Like I, I didn't create a framework that they then started using.

I just told all the portfolio companies, like use this, like take a week, figure out a tool that you can use. That's going to automate some element of the process and see how it works. And if it works, keep it.

If not try to, there was just more of a top-down directive. Nice. Yeah.

Sorry. That's a little bit more boring. No, no, absolutely.

Okay. I think you have the next one. Oh, he, so Alex, you kind of answered this, but sometimes we have clients who they sell to gigantic enterprises with gigantic enterprise contracts.

Like five, I I've got one client and actually it's literally a $5 million contract. The, the sale cycle is nine months. The implementation is a year.

It could take a really, really long time to get them to switch to anything other than a call to action saying, Hey, you know, like, do you want to do this? It's very difficult because they don't believe me that we would actually be able to provide some kind of value. And so as the contract size gets bigger, I normally have clients who think that they can't give away free value because there's so much time and they got to know so many things and this, that, and the other thing.

If you kind of answered it, maybe you could go a little bit deeper when the contract value is that high. But that was my chunk up to what all these, what do all these customers have in common? And is there one step that you have that is the same across all of the customers that you have?

And then I would just say, cool. Let's like, it is a little bit of research on your side, right? Or on their side of, okay, these are the service we provide.

Now they probably have a lot. If they're that contract size with that type of customer, there's probably a lot of custom, right? I would imagine that's probably a big part of their value prop.

But even, even if you do a vanilla white label version, that's 80%. If you provide that for free, then you'd be like, this just gives you an idea. And this is me doing this for free.

When we personalize this can have like, even still giving them a taste. I still would think would outperform. And I think from a convincing them perspective, the easiest thing to do is give evidence.

So like strong arm slash highly incentivize one of those customers and say, I will do this additional amount of outreach my way at no cost. Because this is me giving, extending the same favor to you. But here's the deal.

If it, if my way works better, we switched to my way. Like, do you want to make more money? I would like to make more money for you.

That's great. Like let's dance. Yeah.

Yeah. It was so funny. I had a client who, our call to action was we were AB testing, booking a call versus like making a free loom audit audit.

And the SDR was like, I don't want to make loom audit audits. And I was like, we're getting a four to one response rate over here. So let's start making some loom audits.

Right. And then you just operationalize that thing. Like that's the, like, then you, you templatize and SOP the shit out of that so that you can start churning those out.

Like that's the key. And if you really need to, because if you have like just amazing setters, then you just have it. Like when you really start scaling this, like at gym watch, we basically operationalize the second step as a separate team.

And so that's when you get into like sales ops. Right. And so they would actually deliver the lead magnet as a separate team who then all they do, like one guy just makes looms for everyone all day long.

And then the SDRs can still just keep banging. This is once you have enough skin. Absolutely.

Yep. And you probably have a row. So let's say you're Alex with all your current knowledge, but no audience, no wealth.

And you can only build a lead generation agency and use cold email as a business for the rest of your life. How would you start? And how would you grow it?

I feel we have like so many beginners listening to be super interested to see how would you start from scratch? So I have to use cold outbound and lead generation is the service that I have to sell. For the rest of your life.

For the rest of my life. Who would I go after? I would go after private equity firms and I would do cold outreach to get them businesses that are going to be a business.

I would go after them businesses that want to sell. And those are contractually obligated that I can get a percentage of all the sales. And then I would do lead gen for every private equity firm out there and then get the most many deals.

I was literally on a coaching call yesterday and I told everybody that's like the easiest, highest leverage niche that you could get into. It's just like you got to know the right people and it's like I've got like two clients in it. It's so much fun.

It's so easy to run that. The sales cycle is long as shit though. The sales.

So that's actually. But it will do it for the rest of my life. You know.

Yeah, exactly. I've tried to get into that niche and we did a couple of deals, but that was the thing was the sales cycle was so long that I was, I was just like website. Well, nevermind.

I won't say that. Nevermind. But yeah, definitely.

I was about to jump back. That's probably one of the most interesting field really, really long sales cycle. But once you pay, it pays for all the time you've been waiting for and you know, really.

Businesses because I know that I can wait longer though. And so then it's like, she not difficult. It's just, you just have to be a different person, which I like, like, if you've seen my tweets, like I love games where if you wait, you win.

Like, I always want to play those games. Definitely game for sure. Niels, I get you.

Yeah. So my question would be, what are the key elements of creating an eight figure appointment setting and sales team? Like what makes it work?

What does it look like? Yeah. Biggest thing is the customers.

Who you choose. Like if I had to pick one factor, it's going to be who you choose to sell. Like you could do the same level of activity, you know, doing outbound for SEO for small businesses versus like the private equity example I gave.

And on a 36 month time horizon, you would make so much more money doing the private equity thing. It just, you'd have to wait maybe 18 months before you got your first paycheck. Whereas the SEO thing you could sell in, you know, you know, two days.

So the biggest one is going to be the customer that you go after. And then, you know, the next thing is just like how good you are at operationalizing things. So that's where like tech and automation can definitely play a huge part.

But the quality of the people that you're able to hire to basically build the culture of the teams. Because I mean, any kind of agency or service is super ops heavy. It's very people heavy, even with automation.

And so culture becomes, not that culture is not important in every business, but it's especially important with service based businesses. So I had a question about the core four. Well, I have two questions about the core four, I suppose.

And so the first one is about, you know, is cold outreach something that every business should attempt to master and take a shot at? Oh, for instance, one time we ran. Oh, yeah.

No, I mean, I wouldn't say should for anything. I just like there are four ways to get to get customers and like pick one, especially if you're starting. If you're like trying to go to, you know, seven figures or even eight figures, you can probably just get away with one of them.

If you want to go beyond that, sometimes you have to introduce other things, but combinations work really well. That's like content and code outreach works really well. Content and paid ads works really well.

Content, I think, is a very is an underappreciated one because it just takes a long time. Like that's the problem is just like the private equity example is that it's just the real thing. It's just the reward comes in such a delay that most people can't do it.

Raul, you got the next one, I think. So we have a lot of people getting responses and one thing they struggle with is increasing show up rates for high ticket B2B companies. So what's your process or some tips that people can get more people to show up on meetings, demo sales calls?

Yeah. So this is really interesting. So I've gotten this question four times today.

I think that's a lot of people are going to be doing this. I think that's a lot of people are going to be doing this. And so I will say this is that across the board, consumers continue to be less and less responsive.

Right. So that's just going to always be a trend. And that's why I think that investing in brand is going to be increasingly important in a low trust environment.

And that's why I'm doing what I'm doing. So number one, and just to give you guys like a mind bending example, like I will tell you what the show up rate is on acquisition.com calls. It's a hundred percent, even if it's two weeks out.

So, and they do that because they're looking forward to the call because we have already given them a positive experience up to this point. They've already received value from us. And so they feel like the likelihood that they're going to receive that from that call is high.

Right. And so we take that as the extreme example on the opposite end. It's you have none of those things.

So I'll give you the four kind of pillars of lead nurture because we owned Allen, which was a software company that all it did was work leads. And so we were doing 4,000 appointments a day. And so we had a machine learning specialist who just cut the data a hundred ways to Friday to figure out what are the actual things that drive throughput.

So there are four. So number one is availability. So that is by far, by a long shot, the biggest driver of throughput on any funnel.

That sounds surprising because I was very surprised by that too, meaning the total number of days that you have available for appointments and the total number of hours per day that you're available. Kind of weird. And so what's interesting is that even providing more days in the future that someone can book, which was counter to what I felt anecdotally as a salesperson.

Like if you put more days out, you will get more people to book, but your show rate will be lower. But your total throughput on the funnel goes up. So you basically get more people to book who otherwise wouldn't have booked because the time was convenient.

But your individual as a salesman, your show rate is lower. And so then you have to play the interplay between those things, which is okay. Well, my utilization rate on my sales team is going to go down, but my total number of short appointments is going to go up.

But regardless, if I want to immediately increase the number of appointments that are coming in on any type of funnel, I increase availability in terms of days, hours per day and time slots per day. So doing like 15 minute appointments time slots rather than 60 minutes. Even if you do it on 15 minute intervals, people will perceive that the appointment is a shorter time period.

So even if the 60 minute appointment having 15 minute increments increases booking rates. So pillar number one is availability. Pillar number two is speed to contact.

So, and that's, there's two elements of speed speed to contact is from the, like, you know, you're following up immediately. And also if they like, you're following with the lead as soon as they opt in or as soon as they reply, but then also again, later, if they reply six hours later, you're also speed to contact. So like, if you're having a conversation, there's a back and forth, it's maintaining that speed of response.

So that's number two. Number three is the volume of reach out. So the number of times that you follow up with a prospect over five days.

So if you're following up three times a day over five days, that seems to be a very like at minimum. And for all that stuff, we double dial text on all of them to get a higher response rate, get people to book and show. And then number four is the personalization, right?

And the big piece on personalization is sure there's the component of send personalized videos, you know, have the personalized, you know, loom audit, have that element of personalization. But the other part of it is responding on the channel that they prefer to communicate on. And so if I am, if I, you know, cause we hit everything.

So we would text, we'd Facebook DM, we'd Instagram DM, like I would, wherever I can find you, I'm going to message you. Right. And then wherever they respond is now where we talk, which then means you can centralize the messages.

And there's plenty of apps that do this. Now that you can have one centralized inbox for all, all media channels. And so the automation hits all of them and then consolidates it in for the person who's working the lead.

And so that way you can stay on the channel. They prefer like for me, I will never respond to. I just don't respond.

But I respond to texts. And so if, if a sales guy, no matter how good he is, is trying to email me to get attention, I'm never gonna respond. I wouldn't respond to my own mother.

I'm not responding to you. But if I get a text, I'll respond. So it's very personalized from that perspective as well.

And so this is kind of the four pillars of lead nurture as we saw them just looking at a ton of data. That's instantly valuable. I think Nils, you have the next one.

Yeah. So the only question would be, what are the three biggest inflection points or breakthroughs you had with cold outreach success? You mentioned one already with the lead magnet.

Are there any others? No, I mean, by far that's number one. So creating an insane lead magnet and operationalizing that and creating an unscalable lead magnet that then you then scale.

Like that is by far bar none, the biggest response rate boost that you're gonna get. And whenever I look at constraints, I always try and go to the top of the funnel because going from 1% to 2% or 1% to 3% or 3.5%. There are very few other parts of the funnel where you get, you know, a 2.5% increase and it actually triples, you know, the amount of actual throughput through the entire process.

And so usually I'll work from front to back because if you, and I think I talked about this in the book on more, better, new in that section, you can always determine the constraint based on if I were to add a fixed percentage to every aspect of my funnel, where do I see the total, the largest increase in absolute throughput? And so I focus from that perspective. So number one is that.

Number two is going to be training for the team. So learning to train, like, I mean, as silly as it sounds like actually role playing and heavily rewarding script adherence equally to and sometimes even more than the outcome of the calls. Because if you think about this, you like everybody here hopefully has taken a cold call before or taken, you know, I'm assuming everybody here has.

If you can put your salesman hat on for a second and remember what it was like, if you knew that you could make money by simply perfectly executing the script, then the pressure of the call goes down. What also happens is adherence to the script goes up. And when you hear to the script more, you get more sets or you get more closes.

And so creating a culture of the script is God. And if we like, we don't deviate from the script, if the script isn't working, then everybody is adhering. And then we can change the script.

But until we have absolute adherence to the script, you can't do anything. And so that is just a principle from sales teams that like has to be nailed down. Otherwise you basically just have a bunch of lone wolves that close whatever way they possibly can.

And what happens is you get a lot of people who create false positives. So what I mean by that is like, they go off script once and they get a close and then they're like, oh, I'm going to do this next time. And next time.

And they learn bad habits because they get reinforced for doing the wrong thing. And so I would go so far as to say, if you don't follow the script and you close, I'm not paying because you're also promising things that that are not. Good right now.

If we want to add something to the script and we decide as a team, this makes sense. And then we'll add it in for everyone and we'll actually be able to split test. But until you can get adherence from the team.

And the reason I like the emphasis on the script so much is that it's so easy to drill. Like if the script becomes God, then it becomes very clear what the job is. And then you can control this much more on scale.

And that's really how you can scale the sales team. And then obviously making sure that the manager understands that their job as a manager is the enforcement of standards, which is that these are the cultural norms of this team. Like that is the job of the manager is what is the culture of this team?

So if you have a shitty culture on the team is the fault of the manager. So in terms of, you know, the, the, the biggest increase, number one is lead magnets. Number two is scripts is God.

And I would probably say the culture thing. The culture thing I'm not going to, that's a bonus one. The third one is, was where we're getting our leads from.

So the list is still King. If you're, you know, if you hit a terrible list, it doesn't matter how good everything else is. You're not going to get responses.

And so really be putting more effort into thinking, how can we clean lists and scrape lists from better sources that have more qualified leads is probably like of all of the things that's, that's, that's probably even more important than lead magnet. Cause you have to have that before you can introduce anything else. Like you email a bunch of moms and you're talking about SaaS software.

Like it really doesn't matter. So that's number one. And then the other two are.

I think all of us, all of us have definitely said that to our customers at some point, um, to go possibly out on a limb here. Could I get a two minute roast of some copy that I wrote for gym launch and see what you think of it? Oh, for gym launch?

Yeah, sure. Yeah. So this would be an outbound campaign to only gym owners that have one location.

Cause we could scrape Google maps for all of this and they have, uh, at least four and five star Google reviews. Otherwise the campaign doesn't really make sense. And so subject new members, first name, I was looking for gyms in location.

Cause we're scraping Google maps. We have that and saw the Google review, uh, the member name. So Eduardo left about, and then we can use AI to summarize the review that they left.

So about how clean the gym is, whatever. Um, have you thought about running ads with your successful members front and center? The reason I ask is we help gyms grow their membership base with a couple of proven brewplains.

And, uh, that's one we start. Could I send you our Facebook ad blueprint that our gyms are using to get 20 to 30 members a month? Totally free.

Of course signature. And then in the PS section, I put, I wrote some Facebook ad copy to get you started. Um, and then we could just use GPT for, to like create copy for their area and things like that.

Um, I like it. One thing I would add is instead of saying like the 20 to 30, I'd give the exact data. Nice.

Okay. Our average gym signs up 17.3 members in the first 30 days at this price point. Love that.

I feel like I got that off the website. I don't know why I said 20 to 30, but great. Yeah.

I really appreciate that. Yeah. I mean, I think it's a fundamentally sound outbound script.

You know what I mean? Like, uh, do I think it would work? Yes.

Awesome. Uh, well, actually that's going to be the second part of this, uh, masterclass. Uh, Eric and I prepare some workflows that we use the one that I use to send 7,000 leads to the Alex book launch and Eric actually.

Paper campaign from gym launch. And I think he's going to be able to show a couple of results that he prepared. Maybe we're going to be able to send it to your team.

Some leads coming from that, but that's going to be for the second part of this masterclass. Alex, thank you very much for your time and for all these, uh, incredible wisdom and, uh, tactical advice. And, uh, we'll see you soon.

And before we, before we sign off, um, thank you all for putting the effort that you guys did to promote the book. Um, I know that there wasn't like a financial incentive. And so I just appreciate you helping me, you know, get the word out and help, you know, hopefully help as many people get out of financial poverty or grow their businesses or basically just realize that there's a better way to live life.

Um, and I will say that you guys are near, near and dear to my heart because I, uh, there's, there are few, few jobs more thankless than the cold outreach team. You know what I mean? And having, you know, gone from the set to the closers and, and figuring out, you know, warming up domains and scraping the lists and the, and it's just, it's just a, a job of brute force and persistence.

Um, and so you guys are my kind of people and I, and I appreciate you for that. So thank you. I love what you guys represent.

Thank you very much. Thank you. We're looking forward for money models next, next year.

So I cannot wait for that. Oh, oh, oh, oh. And I'll make a quick, can I make a quick content request?

Uh, I probably listen to you every day when I'm in the gym. Could you do a video on how to divide equity? Uh, when you're giving equity to other co-founders, I don't think you've ever made one on that.

Yeah. It's a, yeah, that would definitely be a niche video that applied to like seven people. Um, but I can also, I'll give you broad brushstrokes right now, which is, yeah.

Don't want to run over if you have to go. You're good. This is, this is my call that I got you.

Um, but big, big picture. Everyone has to be happy, but it doesn't mean that everything's equitable. So like not everyone's the same.

And it doesn't mean that everything needs to everyone needs to have the same percentage. And the big part of this is making sure that the people who are co-founders actually have different skill sets than you do. So like the biggest mistake, small business owners make when they're getting into partnerships is they just find partners that they get along with.

And that is, I mean, it's important, but you want to make sure that you have complimentary skills. And so I'm all for multiple co-founders in a business because it does increase the likelihood that the business is successful. So like Y Combinator, for example, doesn't even take solo founders because it's just so hard to start a big business.

So like all for that bigger, you know, smaller slice, bigger pie. Um, I'm obviously an investor. So like I have to believe in that.

Right. Um, but it's, it's making sure that the contribution of each of these individual people are additive and not overlapping to the greatest degree possible. And if you're, if you're looking at what are the roles that are going to be that I would want to look for in a partnership, I would probably have someone who's really good at building product or services.

I'd have someone who's very good at leading and operating. And then I would have someone who's very good at marketing and sales. Right.

So you need to have somebody who can get the customers. You have somebody who can deliver on the promises and then the other person to keep the other two out of jail and making sure that they're actually running a team. And so if you're looking at the three, now those don't necessarily need to be equitable.

And it depends because some people are good at two of those things or one and a half of those things. And so that's where like, I don't have a framework for that because everyone's thing is individual, including the businesses and do they need capital? Like all of that, like it is very custom, but from a framework perspective to think through it's, I want to make sure that all three of those things are, are covered.

And that the founders have as little overlap as possible and that they have as much alignment on where they want to take the business and how they want to get there. Because talking about those things, there's usually where there's a conflict down the road, right? It's like, Hey dude, I'm, we're making, you know, 200 grand a month in profit, you know?

And, and one guy's like, I've got kids and a wife and that that's why I did this. I want to be able to like live my life. And some guys like, dude, I want to go to a billion.

And like, you have to be clear on that upfront and then also paint the picture of what might happen in the future. Like actually sit in it and be like, if we get to here and you have kids, how are you going to feel then? Right?

Like really try and confront some of those harder decisions. And if you can't confront hard decisions when you don't have a business, it's fucking way harder when you do. So that would be my, my mental framework for trying to work through that.

Amazing. Well, I can't wait for the, for the podcast episode to come out then. Thank you very much.

All right. Appreciate you guys. Thank you.

Cheers. Cheers. Thanks.

Cheers. Cheers. Cheers.

We've got that answers. welcome. Hey.

We've got that answers. I AM got that answers. Yes.

I AM got that answers right now. I'm excited for everything. Which is a weird.

My question is. My question is thank you, but we go through my office and I have gone through that window. Yeah.