Hi everyone, so we just added a new method of connecting your Google Workspace accounts to Insidly which is both easier and more stable. So I wanted to make this quick video to walk you through how you can use this new connection method. So once you're in your Insidly account on the email accounts tab you want to click on add new then choose Google and to keep this video simple I'm going to skip the IMAP part but basically you want to make sure that IMAP is enabled for the account you're trying to connect and the guide for it is here and if you want some more information you can click on show me how to be directed to the support article.

So I'm going to click on IMAP is enabled and then you'll see two options the first one will be what we already had before the app passwords method but the new one is called auth and like I said it's more easier and it's more stable. So you want to click on it and then you'll see all the steps you want to take to make sure that this works. So the first step you're going to click on this link which will take you to Google Workspace into the admin panel and then you're going to click on add step choose auth app name or client id paste this thing in and then just approve it.

So now we're going to go through all of these steps you want to make sure you copy this by clicking on the copy icon and then click on on this link which will take you right here. So I've already added this here but I'm going to just walk through all the steps again so you want to click on add app then choose the first option auth app name or client id then paste in what you just copied click on search then select this instantly auth version 1 here then tick the box and click on select again and then choose trusted can access all google services and click configure. So now for me it will say that it's already here the following app was already configured but basically if you haven't done it before it will pop up right here and basically that's it from google workspace side.

So now what you can do is connect all the accounts that you have under this google workspace doesn't matter if they're from different domains or not. So basically then you want to go back to instantly and you want to click on login which will pop up the google account screen and then you just want to choose the account you want to connect. So for me it's this one and then click allow and what will happen now is this account just will be connected to instantly and now you can just go ahead and do this exact same thing for each of the accounts that was under that google workspace without having to go in and do that the copy pasting thing again.

So you can just skip that go straight to add new google. Yes, you make sure imaps enabled choose this one and then just click on login again and then choose another account that you want to connect. So all the accounts under the workspace that you added this snippet into will be just instantaneously added and so yeah that that makes it super simple and yeah that's pretty much it.

Thanks for watching.