Welcome everybody to another episode of cold emails hot takes. This is where we geek out on the latest cold email strategies and discuss what's working right now. Connor, it's great to have you on the podcast.

How's it going? It's good to be here. Great, great.

Yeah. And the reason I invited Connor on the podcast is because he is an expert in building cold email systems. For example, he's managing 30 clients at any given time.

And as an example, for just one of them, he pulled in 988 positive replies already this year. And these are for really high ticket deals. So I'm really looking forward to learning more from you, Connor, and having this discussions.

And for the viewers listening, can you tell them a little bit more about what you do? Yeah, for sure. Yeah.

First of all, I appreciate being on here. I know it's kind of been a year coming now since we first started working together and kind of helping out with everything going. So yeah, there's kind of three main things I do with cold email systems right now.

One is kind of with just my cold email agency, McKitt Solutions, helping people with just technical setup or helping them kind of consulting on improving their systems, improving their operations, refining things with automations and things like that. The other thing we have is we're doing with flywheels. We've got some some pixel identity solutions where we're putting things on websites, able to track whoever's come across that website, be able to then pull that email and first name, put it right into a campaign and kind of hit some warm traffic off of a website.

And then also work in the capital raising space. So that one client you mentioned there with we're closing in on a thousand PRs for the year, haven't hit it yet, but we're getting close. That's in kind of the emerging tech space of any venture capital, small family office, things like that of people looking to raise anywhere from you know, half a million to, you know, I've worked with a cool new company called except that's in the e-gaming that's looking to raise 15 million.

So yeah, it's been a it's been a great journey over the last year with instantly been a long time coming to jump on and kind of chat about a few things. Great. Yeah.

Remember you were one of the first like the high volume enterprise clients, let's say, and it was great to see you like how you scaled everything. And let's say like, right now what do you see is working right now with cold email? I mean, it works for all my clients.

It's it's really what I've pivoted my business from we did a lot of LinkedIn marketing, we did a lot of, you know, I've been a part of some Facebook ad agencies, I've really been in a few different spaces. But with iOS changes to Facebook ads with, you know, LinkedIn ads being being tough to dial in with all these platforms kind of limiting you with how you target your audiences and how you're able to target that ideal customer. One thing with email is as long as you put the time and define the right audience, and you have a proven offer and you get that offer in front of people, it's extremely cost efficient to scale.

And that's what really drew to me is, as soon as we find a big enough audience and an offer that's hit that hits, it's really, really easy with the proper, you know, systems and using instantly in a couple different tools to be able to scale that outreach significantly, and not worry about, you know, burning down an ad account or your ad accounts getting blocked on on Facebook or things like that. So we've just found this the ease of scalability once you do find that offer, quite efficient and pretty easy to do. Okay, got you.

And let's say somebody is looking to scale, but they're still a beginner, what would you say are some beginner mistakes that people do when starting out with cold email and trying to find a winning campaign? I would say, one of the most common things I've seen is people trying to be a little cheap in terms of getting enough email users, maybe they're trying to push how many emails they send from an email account a day, they're trying to send, you know, I've seen on the instantly Facebook, Facebook group, I'm sending 100 emails from my Gmail, why aren't I getting any replies? There's just a few basic principles that I think people kind of overlook.

Spend that extra dollar to get a domain based sender, spend that extra dollar to, you know, only put three to five users per domain, and warm up your systems properly, give them a full two weeks and warm up before you start sending, slowly ramp up the sending, don't put, you know, max capacity right out of the gates. Those are a few things that I think, and it's just kind of, you know, it's typical in society that people are trying to rush for that result and not be patient. So I'd say patience is probably the biggest one.

Start things slow and slowly ramp up. We also have some people who come in who say, you know, I want 100 email senders, I want to send 5000 emails a day, but they've never done cold email. So if they don't, if your clients don't have the back end systems to facilitate booking calls, to facilitate a sales process, to really make use of all the positive replies you have from email, it's not going to be useful for them.

So for any client, I would just say, be patient, start slow and scale month over month once you start seeing some results. Yeah, exactly. Exactly what you said, like people can't be shy about just getting more domains, like a domain is just 12 bucks, 14 bucks, 10 bucks, whatever it is, like compared to other acquisition channels, like paid ads, where you could be spending 500, 1000 bucks a day, just to get some impressions and get lead flow that way.

It's like buying like five more domains for $50. It's like, it's nothing in the big picture. So rich people get more domains, get more users, and scale that way.

For sure. No. And what would you say, like, in terms of let's say they have the system set up, they have the accounts warmed up, they're ready to send, but they're not quite sure what to say in that cold email, how do you write compelling copy that pulls in positive replies?

What's your creative process, right? You mentioned with one client, you already got 988, almost 1000 positive replies, from January 1. Like, what was your creative process there, to come up with, with that really like copy that pulls in replies?

Yeah, yeah, that's a good question. Just to kind of clarify. So with that client, that's a capital raised client that has between 20 or so different projects that they're raising capital for.

So the nice thing about that is it's not just one offer repeating over time. There's companies who come in who are looking to raise capital and it really comes down to their product market fit in their offer, right? It doesn't matter how good you are at building systems, it doesn't matter how good you are writing copy, if their offer isn't proven, and has a demand in the space, whether it's marketing solutions, whether it's looking to raise capital, it doesn't really matter the industry.

If it's not a proven offer and people don't want it, it doesn't matter how good you write cold emails, it doesn't matter how good you build a system, there has to be general demand for that product. And that's one of the things that whether it's one of these capital raised clients or some of the clients I work with, with my agency is it has to be a proven offer. If you don't have a proven offer, you can still build some email systems, but by no means should you be scaling them out and trying to push massive volume, you have to prove that sales process and prove that people see your offer, they see your price point and they see that it's worth their time and their investment.

So number one is having a proven offer, I would say, before looking to scale some of these systems and push some heavy volume in terms of outreach. Okay. And you mentioned cold email systems, like cold email builds.

What are some of the key components or like pillars that go into a good cold email system that brings people results? Yeah, great question. I mean, we're going to start off with instantly obviously being on this on this podcast.

But once you have facilitated, we're going to start with users SMTP servers. So I use Zoho. There's a lot out there.

There's a no I know a lot of people who like to use, let's say, for instance, Google workspace, I think it's significantly overpriced. I think Zoho is by far the best option in terms of cost savings. I actually have a lot of clients who I work with who have had, you know, 100 Google workspace users, and we build out a system to reduce their costs by 70, 80% in terms of operating costs year over year.

And at 100 users, whether it's 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 bucks per month, I've saved some clients 70, 80 grand just on changing them over. So starting there, finding out what SMT provider you want, buying some domains, getting that system into instantly and getting things up and running. That's really kind of the first half.

So once you start sending emails, it's easy to do. A lot of people think kind of that's the whole battle, but that's really half of it. The other half is once you do start sending emails and you have that positive reply, having a very smooth automated process to where as soon as you click interested in that instantly inbox, you should be sending them a reply.

It should be automatically going to some kind of centralized CRM, whether that's for your team to manage or for your client to manage, it should be automatically pushing them into a booking nurture sequence. So even if they, even if they have shown interest, you still want to make sure you're nurturing that client because my goal for all of my clients is get to that first booked call. As soon as that first call is booked, most of my clients, it's out of my hair, it's on their plate, it's on them.

So I want to make sure, and I actually go in and audit the clients I'm working with, that they have a proven process of that booking automated kind of sequence to make sure that once there's some interest, it's not just, okay, well, I hope they booked a call on the first link we sent. It's, you know, a three-day sequence, a five-day sequence, a 20-day sequence to make sure that anyone who's shown some interest, we're going to keep feeding them value until they book that call. Okay, gotcha.

And so the moment you mark a leader as interested, in what CRM do you push it and do you integrate that with Zapier or what does that process look like specifically? Yeah, I use Make or Zapier depending on some of the client setups for myself, for my own agency. I use Zapier just because it's, I mean, it's one of the industry leaders.

Make is actually a little bit cheaper so I have been looking at pivoting my entire agency to Make for that reason. But yeah, exactly. It's essentially, I handle that first reply on the client's behalf.

I mark them as interested. It's going to go immediately to a Google Sheet master database that I keep for all of my clients. So every PR from any email campaign I've ever built goes to my master sheet.

Then from there, it's also going to go on that Zapier sequence to a client facing sheet. So any PR that's ever collected is going to go to that sheet. That's really important because the way it's set up is if you delete contacts or need to make room for a new lead flow, when you delete that contact, you're going to delete that response and that information.

So it's really important to push it to a centralized database first to make sure you don't lose that data. And then once it's pushed to both of those Google Sheets, I typically use Goal High Level. I push it into their sales pipeline or whichever pipeline they want within their system.

And ideally within that also trigger that lead nurture, that booking calendar nurture sequence as it's pushed into the CRM. And at that point, typically it's handed off to the clients and it's on them to follow up with that lead from there. Okay, great.

Really interesting. And quick intermission. It's a cold emails, hot takes tradition where we do rapid fire cold email questions.

Are you ready for rapid fire questions? I think so. We'll see.

All right. Yeah. The first one would be, what are your favorite B2B data sources?

LinkedIn sales navigator is probably number one. So that's probably what I use 90% of the time for B2B is LinkedIn sales navigator. I use just a white labeled version of, of extract the data.

It's just a, essentially you have a sales navigator license, pull a, pull a search off sales nav. That's typically what I use for probably 90% of my clients. So once you have the search from sales nav, do you use any database to find the email addresses or like, how do you find the email addresses?

So it's actually just a LinkedIn scraper. So I scraped right off the LinkedIn sales navigator search. Yeah.

Yeah. What LinkedIn scraper do you use or did you build your own? Yeah.

I use extract the data. So it's just a white labeled version. There's a bunch out there.

It's called extract the data. Yeah, exactly. That's what it's called.

Yeah. Nice thing about that one is I pay 84 bucks a month and it's unlimited. So my team all has LinkedIn sales navigator accounts.

So I've got three or four VAs that work for me as well. If you, as long as you have a LinkedIn sales nav account, the number of leads you can extract is unlimited per month. So we pull a ton of data and make sure that all of our clients have more than enough data to keep things going.

Okay, great. So that's called extract the data.com. Yeah.

Okay. Gotcha. And what are your, some of your favorite subject lines?

Um, I mean, really anything with first name, first name, quick question is, is kind of an easy go to. What I like to do is have that, um, as a variable and test it against a few different creative ones. But one thing I always try and do is have first name in it.

First name, quick question. Um, wanted to share this with you. First name, dot, dot, dot, anything with first name, because I found myself too, obviously everyone gets, um, you know, emails here and there.

If my name's in it, it just gives me a little bit more of attention. If anyone, when you actually see your name written on paper or in an email, or you're actually reading it, it just does something in your brain. I feel like it kind of captures your attention.

So really anything with first name is, is what I use. Okay, great. And what's your favorite call to action in a cold email?

Um, typically it's booking a call. So jump on a quick call. Um, for the capital raise client, it's typically, can I send you a pitch deck?

That's pretty standard in the industry is they want to see a deck before they even get on a call or see if it's a fit. Um, so again, it's, it's very dependent on what industry you're looking to market with. But for most of my clients, that main call to action is have that first point of contact, that first, first phone call or first booked call on a, um, Calendly or a go high level calendar system.

Okay. What's your favorite follow-up messaging? I don't get too kind of complex with it.

It's something along the lines of, Hey, I know email inboxes are a busy place. I just wanted to bump this up one more time for you. And see if you had missed this email, something along those lines of everyone's busy, everyone's attention spans are kind of at its max with everything going on in the world today.

So something kind of touching on that aspect of things, and then just saying you wanted to bump up their email in case you missed it. It's nothing fancy. Okay.

Got it. Great. That's it with the rapid fire questions.

A little bit more question. I mean, you managing 30 clients involved in multiple businesses. How, how do you build a team around you?

Like for example, for a market solutions, how did you build a team that's able to manage 30 clients and get results for 30 clients as well? How do you structure that? Yeah.

So it's, I probably don't do a good enough job of delicating. So any, any inboxes, I'm the one going in there and manually looking for positive replies. I'm manually typing every single positive reply that comes through.

There's no copy and pasting for that stuff. So to be honest, it's a, it's a lot of work for me for clearing the inboxes, but what's been super helpful for me. And I'm sure if you guys as an online and remote company have done the same, is leveraging some talent overseas.

I have a few VAs that I've been lucky enough to have that I've been working with for, you know, over a year now. You know, really just jumping on a weekly call with them, keeping the morale up. You get incredible work ethic from a lot of people overseas and from people who, to them is a great wage and to us it's, it's quite cheap and cost effective.

So that's been a really huge factor for me is leveraging some of the talent, whether it's in South America or actually a few of my team members are based in Philippines. They've been a massive help for me. I got to give a shout out to, to Mark.

He's my, he's my right hand guy and I'd be lost without him. So. Okay.

Awesome. And how, how do you find these people? Do you go through Upwork or is it like another source that you use?

Yeah. These have actually all been just referrals from people I've met within the industry. So it's, it's surprising how small kind of the, the online space and the marketing world is.

So I try to keep as, as good of a relationship with as many clients or people I've worked with or people I've worked for in the past. And that's led me to have a decent network to, you know, if I do need to bring on another person, I typically reach out to kind of a few different agency owners or people I've met in the space. Luckily I haven't really had to go through the Upwork or, or Fiverr thing, or, or, you know, any of those kinds of job posting networks.

I haven't had to use that. Okay. Got it.

Uh, great. So going back a little bit to, to, to running campaigns called email campaigns, let's say you have a campaign launched and you get like two, three positive replies a day. It's like humming along nicely.

How do you scale that winner? How do you get it to 10 plus positive replies a day? How, what's that process look like for you usually once you find that winner?

Yeah. Once you find a winner and this is really what I love about cold email systems, it's not rocket science. Once you find a winner, maybe buy a couple more domains, maybe increase the outreach.

Ideally you want to make sure that the audience for that offer is big enough to scale because sometimes if it's not big enough, you do sometimes we have clients that are just slow and steady. They only want, you know, one PR a day and that's all that they can handle. So we want to keep it consistent.

So if you do know that the client has the ability to scale, they've got the sales, they've got the backend to support it. Really it's a couple more domains, couple more email users and and just keep that data, keep that data flowing in. Um, one thing I really try and do is make sure that none of my campaigns ever run out or complete.

I always want to make sure that they're keeping fresh. And that's kind of part of my daily checklist is to check the data, um, see if they're closing in on it. If they are within a day or two based on how many they're sending per day of running out, I'll make sure that I get some data validated in there before any of the campaigns actually finish.

Okay. Let's say once you get that PR in the positive apply comes in, how do you reply to it to make sure it turns into a meeting? What does that process look like?

Like the initial reply? And I know after that you have like the nurturing sequence in case they haven't booked yet, but like the first reply, how do you make sure they go from raising their hand to booking on the calendar? Yeah.

So this is a question I probably get asked the most with, you know, some of the people that reach out to me in the instantly Facebook group. I've had a lot of people kind of message me. This is probably the number one question I get.

So what I do is if we're, if we're buying like domains and let's say a standard build is 25 users, five domains, what I'll do is I'll create one email out of those 25 and I'll actually connect it. I'll connect the SMTP of that email user into let's say high level. So that way, when I'm in the instantly system and I'm replying as the client, I will say something like, Hey, you know, it's great that you're interested in jumping on a quick call.

Here's my booking link. I've also got some free times Friday at 2 PM or 4 PM. Let me know if that time works or if not, we'd love to you to book a call on my calendar.

So I send that reply as the client. But then what I also do is I CC in the email that's going to be within that high level or that CRM system that's going to be following up with them and nurturing them. And I also CC in the client's actual email.

So that's how I make sure it kind of goes to both places. So that client then gets a copy of it. They see that text, they see that kind of back and forth thread.

It also gets CC to that, that email that's going to be in high level that once I market as interested, those automate, those automated replies to try and get them booked on a call, all those domains should look very similar. So that's the goal there. Okay, great, great.

And maybe we've covered a lot about cold email tactics, but I would also love to learn more about is your mindset. Like what is your mindset? You're running successful businesses.

What is the mindset required these days to be successful and, and when? That's a tricky one. Honestly, I'd say just action.

There's a lot of people who I think get caught up in kind of like this personal development world, or you've got to read books, or it's got to be perfect or this and that. Honestly, I didn't know what I was doing. And I actually was an electrician out of high school and got into the digital marketing space.

I think it was six, six years ago now, something like that. And didn't know a ton. So I just, I started getting into things I just started doing.

I think a lot of people kind of just look at things and try and learn things and don't take action. Everyone's going to make mistakes when you're setting up systems. I didn't know how to, you know, properly set up domains and the SPF and the DKIM records on the backend initially.

It's really just about taking action and not being afraid to make a mistake. And yeah, just, just getting your name out there. Something like this is, is something that I've never done before too, but just kind of getting out of your comfort zone and just keep moving forward.

Yeah. Yeah. Not, not overthinking it and just taking, taking action.

Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

You figure out, I'm a firm believer that you're, you're better off to screw up in real life and learn from your mistakes than read a book or read a hundred books and try and become an expert before you execute on anything. Yeah, no, definitely in such a fast moving space as cold email or just online business in general, like the things that are cutting edge, you can learn it from a book it's learning by doing, or maybe like listening to this podcast and then implementing it. And then they learned the little nuances, the details that's, that's how you get become one of the best in the game.

Um, exactly. And just kind of immersing yourself in the online space. There's really, really powerful stuff that's on, you know, different social media accounts.

I'm pretty strategic in who I follow on, let's say Instagram. I've obviously got all my friends and see what they're up to and that's great. But I also try and follow people who are, you know, kind of at the, at the higher level of, of the online space, um, following the right people on Twitter, getting into some Twitter spaces and kind of just listening to, um, you know, some of those top players in the space and what they're doing and how they kind of approach their businesses is what I kind of do to try and keep things growing and keep things moving forward and ultimately keep growing the business.

Okay, great. Great. Yeah.

Good. Good. Last final words.

Um, good to wrap it up. Conor, man, it was awesome to have you on the show, learning from you, uh, dropped a lot of value, a lot of tactics, specific, uh, specific information strategies that they can use right away and take action, implement it. And, uh, yeah, kind of for people who want to learn more, uh, where should they go?

Um, yeah, just my, just my website, um, www.makit.solutions. It's nothing fancy. I know there's better websites out there, but I'm a firm believer in, like I said, I actually am not even running outbound right now because I've got enough clients with warm referrals and things like that.

So if you want to get ahold of me, um, that's probably the best way to do it. There's a discovery call on that page. I'd be happy to jump on.

Um, I'm also, I'm in the instantly group all the time. I'm sure you see me commenting there kind of here and there. So I get a lot, a lot of people who just message me on Facebook as well.

So either of those work, um, and yeah, happy to, happy to help if anyone has any questions. Yeah. Awesome.

Yeah. For the viewers listening, like if you need somebody to manage your campaigns or you need somebody to build the engine, the system, the cold email built for you and check out my kid solutions. I'll put that link in the description as well.

So they can, uh, contact you if, um, if they want to do that. And, uh, yeah. And then, um, yeah, thanks for your time, man.

Connor was, it was great episode value packed and, uh, again, thanks for your time. And I will talk to you soon. Awesome.

Thanks nails. Appreciate it. Take care.

Take care. Bye-bye. See ya.