The sooner you reply to your leads, the higher the chances are you're going to book a call. Now, we all know the feeling of getting a response from a lead and wishing we had responded sooner or responded quickly. And because of this, oftentimes people get ghosted or lose leads because they didn't respond quick enough.

And we've heard this cry. We've heard this pain from our community. And over here at Instantly, we've been working really hard behind the scenes.

And I'm very excited to announce to you that we are releasing our Instantly Unibox mobile app. Now, this is an app that's going to allow you to manage your inbox from your phone so you never miss another sales opportunity. You don't always have to be behind your computer.

You can be out and about and still monitor your inboxes. And there's all sorts of different ways that you can filter your Unibox. You can filter by leads who are interested or closed or maybe they're out of the office.

You can also monitor by the specific inbox that you're trying to watch. You can do this all on your computer too, but now you can do it on your phone. The other thing that I really like is that you can monitor your inbox per campaign as well.

So if you have different campaigns running and you want to just monitor them separately, you can easily filter that way. There's a few other options of just unread or reminders, scheduled emails. And if you're an organization who runs multiple workspaces, you can sync that as well.

What I love about this app is it's super simple and makes monitoring your inbox seamless. It's very easy just to grab your phone, check your Unibox, see how things are going and respond as need be. The community has loved this so far.

I really like this one review where the user states that this app is an absolute must have for any professional who needs to stay ahead of the game, even when they're out and about. I think that's a great statement. You can download the Instantly Unibox mobile app on your iPhone or Android and the links are in the description.

So go check that out. And by the way, I'm not sure if you've heard about the latest changes from Google for 2024 and their cold emailing policies, but click here and learn more. And I'll see you in the next video.