In this video we'll be looking at how to leverage technology filtering to quickly find your ideal prospects, potential clients for your offer. So with just a couple of clicks you can find businesses who are already using solutions related to what you're offering to the problem that you're solving. And then with a couple of clicks more we can launch a campaign, contact them all and put our offer in front of them.

So in this video I'll walk you through that exact process step by step and I'll also show you a cold email script that you can use plus dozens of different targeting options to give you ideas. We have a lot to cover so let's jump into it. Okay so let's assume I'm an SEO agency.

I'm offering search engine optimization as a service and I'm going to use that as an example. This method and this strategy this works for many other types of agencies or services which I'll show you later. But let's go through this example now.

So first thing I have to do I'll go to instantly I'll log in to my account. I'll go to the lead finder section and then I'm here. Now I'm offering SEO search engine optimization and I'm looking for people who are already aware of that problem or they're already aware trying to solve that particular challenge of getting more traffic through organic, through search engines, through Google rankings.

And I have to think what types of solutions are they already using. Maybe it's a plugin on the website. Maybe it's a certain type of technology.

In our case I did some research before you can either use Google or chat GPT for that and you can just think okay I'm offering an SEO service. What type of technologies would a potential client already be using. So in our case for this example I was looking around a little bit and then I saw okay like just go to technologies and then there's one plugin called Yoast.

So a lot of people are using Yoast as a WordPress SEO plugin. I'm obviously I'm not an SEO expert but just using that as an example. But here you can type in that technology and then you can find all the sites that are already using this SEO plugin on the website and trying to get more traffic for SEO.

So when you come in and say hey look I noticed that using the Yoast SEO plugin as an SEO agency and then you can transition into your page. But I'll show you exactly what that script looks like later. So you can just think about that as well.

So let's say you know technologies and then you can also research what are some other technologies. I researched that before. For example SEMrush is something people use to check on their SEO.

Ahrefs is another one that we can look for. But in that case you know let's go for an example. I'm looking for technologies.

I'm going to show you like how this could apply for a couple more niches before I show you like the exact way I would set up a campaign. For this SEO service. But let's say you have a conversion rate optimization agency.

You help people improve their conversion rates on their websites. Some of them who are already aware of the problem trying to solve it. They're probably already using other tools called Hotjar.

Or they're using Optimizely. These are all like plugins, technologies that people use to split test their websites. So they're already probably trying to do conversion rate optimization.

Maybe they're successful. Maybe they're not. But that's why you come in as an expert.

As a conversion rate optimization expert. Tell them hey look I've seen that you used Hotjar. How's it going with your conversion rate optimization.

The reason I ask is because we've gotten XYZ results for this other case study. And you can transition into your pitch like that. It will be more relevant.

You're already talking to people who are aware of this problem and trying to solve it. So that would be one. But let's go for a couple others.

We can also use this technology filter. And let's say look for people who have the TikTok conversion tracking pixel. So let's say you're doing TikTok ads as a service for people.

Or maybe you're doing TikTok content repurposing. Or just content with content strategy. You can say hey look I noticed you using the TikTok conversion tracking pixel on your website.

How is it going with TikTok growth? The reason I ask. This would be kind of the script pitch when you're sending out that cold email.

There's so many more examples. And I'll walk through a bunch of them. But you can really think about that and how it would apply to your specific offer.

Let me just go for a couple more ideas here. For more reference points. So let's say I do email list management.

Maybe I'm a copywriter and I write copy for people. And then I can just look okay like who's using ActiveCampaign. Which is a popular email list management tool.

And then you can find all the businesses that are using ActiveCampaign. And say hey I'm using ActiveCampaign. I have another client that's also using ActiveCampaign.

I help them improve increased revenue for email by 20%. And tell them about your case study. What you've done.

And then you transition into call to action. I'll show that how that structure looks like in the cold email that I'm going to set up here. Okay.

And then let's go through a couple more examples. One you know that's obvious. That's brought up a lot.

It's like Shopify right. Look for e-commerce stores. If you have an e-commerce related service you can use that.

Klaviyo is another one you can use right. If you're doing email list or SMS management. You can use that technology.

Find all the people on all the companies that are using Klaviyo. Let's say you know you're launching your own SaaS company. You can look for Docu.

And it's an e-signature software. And then you can just look for everybody. Okay.

Like I want to see like everybody that's using DocuSign. Maybe you're launching a competitor to DocuSign. Or maybe you're even a law firm.

Or you help with legal advice. You help startups or you besides companies with legal advice. You know they're using DocuSign.

They're probably extending contracts back and forth. But maybe they need some more additional help there. That's another example on how you can leverage the technology filter.

Another good one right. Maybe if you're a designer you can just look okay like who's using Canva. You can find companies that are using Canva.

They're already probably doing a little bit of design. They're already aware of this problem. Hey like we need nice design.

Then you jump in. You show your track record. Your case studies.

And it will be more receptive because they're already. It's more relevant. When you're sending them a pitch for something that they're already working on.

Let's say another one you know Mixpanel is an analytics tool. Let's say you're a data scientist or consultant. You do product analytics consulting.

Maybe you do UX. User experience optimization. Also conversion rate optimization.

You can also here you can look for people who are maybe using SendGrid. And then you can tell them hey I'm an email deliverability consultant expert. I can help how is deliverability going with SendGrid.

Let's see if Mailgun we can also find here. These are all right. You come in at the right time for the people who are already trying to solve this.

So those technologies filters are really like a good way to see intent to what certain companies are already doing. Let me show you just a couple of more examples. Let's say you are a workflow automation specialist.

You can just see okay like show me all the companies that are using Zapier. And it will give you an overview here. And then you can say hey I can see us.

I noticed that you're using Zapier. I have a couple more ideas on how you can automate even more in your business. So you can do that there as well.

Let's say you are a reputation management service. Then you can just see okay like who has a Trustpilot on their website. Who has G2.

Maybe you can help them with their reputation management. Like being able to remove negative reviews or whatever you offer in that service. Way to go about it.

Another one. Let's say you are running LinkedIn ads for people as a service. You can see everybody who has LinkedIn ads or LinkedIn ads pixel.

So a bunch of examples here. This is like really a good way to find potential prospects. So I showed you the example.

Let's move on to the step of actually implementing this and launching it as a campaign. So going back to the example that I told you about being an SEO agency. Let's say you know I know certain people are using the Yoast WordPress plugin.

I am just going to reach out to the CEOs here. Let's say in the United States. Just applying my filters now.

In the marketing and advertising industry. Just to narrow it down a little bit more. So I have my filters right.

And I know okay like these are CEOs of companies that are using this SEO plugin. And they are probably you know looking to scale up the SEO even more. They are looking to get more results from SEO.

So let me help them out. So I'll click. I'll select a couple of the contacts here.

And then I'll just add to campaign. And then I'll type in what this is. US marketing advertising.

I am creating the campaign right now. Yoast SEO plugin. Alright.

Create this. And then I'll just. We added the leads to the campaign.

I am going to open it now. And you can see right. Very quickly we go from.

Looking for our prospects. To actually launching a campaign. And putting our offer now.

Shortly in front of our prospects. So analytics. This will populate once we launch it.

Our leads are in here. They are getting verified right now. Then sequences.

Now we have to write a cold email. That we want to send them. So I prepared a cold email already.

This is SEO specific. You can adjust this. You know.

Make some changes. Really. For any niche.

So. I'm just going to. Do the standard.

Subject line here. Quick question. Or you can also say.

Thoughts. So. You can structure it like that.

Right. You can say. Hey.

First name. You can. You can.

See. This help. This help companies.

Such as X, Y, Z. Increase organic traffic. By 30%.

And get over. 100,000 organic signups. Within eight months.

Mind if I share some ideas. And how we could do the same. For company name.

Right. So this part. And obviously.

Right. For your offer. You're going to have to adjust.

This part. You can just say. Hey.

I noticed you're using. You know. What type of.

Examples. Hotchar. I noticed you're using.

Tiktok. Tracking pixel. I noticed you're using.

Active campaign. I noticed you're using. Hubspot.

I noticed you're using. SendGrid. Zapier.

Airtable. Canva. Linkedin ads.

So for. Mixed panel. Right.

So here. In this part. You're just going to.

Exchange it. To what technology is. And then.

This. You can. Introduce yourself.

And your value prop. And wrap it into a case study. Right.

You can say. Like. Your.

SEO agency. Helped. Companies.

Such as. X.Y.Z. Increase.

Organic traffic. By like. Whatever result.

You have. Gotten. Other people.

Other companies. In the past. Let's say.

You don't have. Any case studies. Yet.

Then you can just. Say. Hey.

We're an. SEO agency. That helps.

Companies. Your services. And then.

Here. We're going to have. A call to action.

You can use this one. Mind if I share some ideas. Now.

We could do the same. For. Company name.

This will automatically. Insert. The company name.

And then. Best. And.

That's pretty much it. If you want to use another. Call to action.

You can do that too. I'm going to add this into the description as well. So.

Different call to actions. You know. You can say.

Interested. Now. I've got a quick.

10 minute to chat. Like. You can.

Play around with those. Call to actions. Using this one.

For now. And. Then.

We move on. We save it. We go to the schedule.

Right here. We know that. The leads are in the US.

So we're going to leave it. On the US time zone. 9am.

To 6pm. Then options. Here.

We can just. Select a bunch of sending accounts. So what this will do here.

Let me just. So. Sending account number 2.

Will reach out to lead number 2. Sending account number 3. Will reach out to lead number 3.

It will do inbox rotation. Right. So.

It will distribute all the sending volume across. Multiple. Inboxes.

Sending accounts. That way. You keep deliverability high.

And. Useful for. Deliberability.

And. You can also send more volume. Making sure you land.

In the primary folder. Then. Here.

You can just leave it as the default settings. And then. You can just going to click.

Launch. Publish. And.

We're. Good to go. So.

Here we can see the campaign again. Right. We uploaded the leads.

We have the sequence. Just one simple called email with a pitch. We have the schedule set up.

We have the. We have the options with the sending accounts. And that's.

Pretty much it. Right. You can see how quickly this goes.

Really from going. To the lead finder. Implying the filters.

The relevant technologies. That show intent of your prospect. Pushing that into a campaign.

Sending up the cold email. And then clicking launch. Pretty fast.

And. Yeah. That's it.

Outro. And that's it. Pretty simple.

Right. I'll leave the cold email script. And the list of targeting ideas.

In the description of this video. Try out the strategy. Let me know how it goes in the comments.

And if you found this video helpful. Please like and subscribe. For more strategies like this one.

You can get access to our instantly accelerator for free. By clicking on the link in the description of the video. Okay.

That's a wrap. And I'll talk to you soon.