In this video, I'm going to share a way to not only get your cold emails open, but how to get back replies from your prospects almost every single time. What's up guys, my name is Raul and I want to share this strategy and template with you that will finally fix your prospects leaving you on red. Getting your cold emails ignored on a daily basis is painful, it sucks, and I see a lot of beginners struggling with this, but it really doesn't have to be like that.

So take this strategy, take this template and use it the next time you email your prospects, whatever your niche, whatever your service. But before I give it all away, make sure you smash the like button, smash the subscribe button and enjoy. Before we get into the template and the strategy, I wanted to walk you through some of the basics and show you what makes a good email, what email gets more responses than a typical email.

So it has to be short, it has to be snappy, it has to be digestible, I look over, I skim it through in 10-15 seconds. If it's longer, it's already bad. So we're going to keep it short.

It's going to be personalized, at least when you use their name, their company, maybe their job position. And if you want to do the next level stuff, we can do some personalized first lines, we can use some more persuasions, compliment them on something they have done. And it's targeted, we know exactly what their job position is, what niche they're in.

So it's targeted. It has a soft touch call to action. So a lot of people start with asking for a call straight away, they want to sell straight away on the first email, stop doing that.

Let's start with very soft touch call to action, asking if we can send over more information, being more laid back and letting them get off the hook like super simply and easily. So it should be low effort for the prospect, they don't have to do almost anything, it's as simple as possible for them. And it's a little bit higher effort for you.

A higher effort for you doesn't mean you have to like waste a lot of time, it just means compared to all the other people that are selling on their first email and not getting responses, we're going to put a little bit more effort into this. Already you looking at this video is more effort, you're trying to understand like some more angles which you can use. And if you use this strategy, it's going to be more effort, but you're going to get more responses, you're going to get more clients, and you're going to make more money.

So I'm going to show you the exact template and example. So I wrote this like for myself because I know myself the best. So here's the template and the strategy.

Hey Raul, love instantly. By the way, we're interviewing cold email experts for a research paper writing about cold email, and your insights would be huge. I'll add your links everywhere we post the content to and share the results of the study with you.

Mind if I send three short questions over? John. So that's it.

So hopefully you understand the main point is we're not selling straight away. We're coming in as journalists pretty much. We're doing research.

We want to interview them. And big thing about this is you honestly want to do this. You honestly want to be prepared to write a blog post, research paper, a study, record a video, whatever it is.

But this angle is going to help you start the conversation. It's going to open up an actual relationship with the person before you start selling to them. And I'm going to show examples and the follow-up strategies watch it can use.

But hopefully this example makes sense. So let's go on to the template and some other options. So here it is.

Hey, first name, personalization. You can do it without the personalizations. Keep it shorter.

But then this is the main part. We're interviewing. So here you enter their niche and their job position.

Like for me, we're interviewing cold email experts. We're interviewing SaaS founders. Whatever the target is, add it here.

4A, then whatever it is that you want to do. Research paper, study, blog post. If you want to write a book, if you want to record a podcast, video.

People have really hard time saying no to like jumping on a podcast, being interviewed. Everybody likes a little bit of fame, a little bit of clout. So this is like what we're packing on, but we're doing it in an ethical way and actually trying to understand if you can help them.

Actually asking questions that make sense, questions that we want to know. And we're going to actually write the content piece as well. And then we add that your insights would be huge.

Again, showing them that we value their knowledge. We want to get their insights. I'll add our links everywhere.

So this is just, we give them something back. They get backlinks to get more traffic from our content and share the results of the study with you. So we share everything we learned with them as well.

And might have a send three short questions over. So this is, would be different based on like what you want to do. You can add more questions, less.

If you do a podcast, might have a send the link over where you can book a podcast, whatever the specifics, you can add it here, but that's the template. And it's like so powerful. We have a client in our lead generation agency.

For four months, we got two responses for their emails using the, our common strategies, like nothing. And then we use this and we've got 16 responses in a week. It works.

It really works. You're going to get responses. But if you really want to convert these people that are going to respond to you, which is the main goal of this, this is what you got to do.

The follow-up strategy. The questions should be tied to your offer. For example, for us, for instantly, we have a cold email software tool.

So we would ask, how much are you spending on cold outreach monthly? Because we are a super cheap offer. We come down to the market.

We disrupt it with our pricing. We can tie it back together with that later. How many meetings are getting weekly from cold emails?

So we want to learn what are they doing right now? How well are they doing? How good is their cold email outreach game?

If it's like really good, maybe they don't need our help. If it's like bad, they're not getting many responses, many meetings, then again, might be opportunity for us to help them. And third, how many clients are getting for your business monthly via cold email?

So the actual numbers, like are they closing? Can they do cold email closing? And just these three questions for us, based on these, I can already pretty much say with absolute certainty, if I can help them.

Once you get these answers, actually start writing the content piece. It doesn't have to be fancy. It can be legit.

These kind of questions for each of your people, the prospects that you reach out to, then just like her blog post, all those questions, their answer, their name, maybe picture, link to their Twitter website, their product offer, whatever. Keep it simple, but actually write the content. And once you get the answers and it's a good fit, you see, you can help honestly, then do a soft sell again.

Don't pitch your offer straight up, but it comes off more naturally if you send the soft sell or your offer together with the content piece. But I know a lot of people want to get stressed straight away. So you can send it before you actually finish the content piece.

So let me show you how. So here's the template. Hey Raoul, thanks again for answering the questions.

Here's the study link, or if you don't have it ready, I'll let you know once the study is out. And then we tie it in with the questions. By the way, you mentioned you're spending 2k on cold outreach right now and are getting five meetings weekly.

We're getting around five to 10 meetings daily and are spending only a few hundred dollars monthly on cold email. Just for the short talk about it and happy to share. If you're interested, let me know if you want to link or his link if you're interested.

So if they answered, they're spending 2k a month. That's exactly why we made Instantly 4. If people are spending thousands a month, just use Instantly and you can get started for $37.

Like you're going to save so much money. So it's perfect for this prospect. And they said they're getting five meetings weekly.

Again, we have a strategy. We've written a document of our cold email structure, like how we build our engines. And we're getting five to 10 meetings every day.

So I'm just offering value back that we can offer to save you a bunch of money monthly plus to get you a lot of more meetings weekly if you just try to. And then again, not pushing straight away, but asking like, let me know if you want link or if you want to be more bold, like here's the link if you're interested. You can also like ask for a call now or just be talk like with a friend, like a regular person.

You open up the conversation, they responded to your email, they answered your questions. Like keep it light, keep it simple. You don't have to sell straight away, but this is like the straightest way to getting to sale.

You can just like keep talking, like asking like, what are you doing more? You can ask them extra questions and then you can jump on a call. You can send Loom videos, whatever you want to do, like after this, that's on you.

This is just a follow-up template that I recommend. That's the simplest one to get started. So hope it helps.

I'm going to leave the document, the templates in the description below. And don't forget, if you got value from this, I'd really appreciate it if you subscribe to get more of these kind of videos. Like the video.

Thanks. See ya.