In this video, I'm going to show you seven different quick and easy ways that you can find anybody's email address without having to guess, spend hours, or send thousands of emails hoping that the one that you sent lands in the inbox. And this is perfect if you're trying to get in touch with a prospect, trying to land a job, or if you just want to contact somebody for any reason. The first method that we can do is we can do an advanced search inside of Google.

So when we're searching for someone, we're going to use this as the search mechanism. So if I go to Google, I type in first name, last name, I know that the founder of Instantly is going to be Nils Schneider. This will pop up and automatically show their email associated with the first name and last name.

All right, method number two is going to be just simply on LinkedIn. When we go on LinkedIn and we go on people's profiles, oftentimes on their profile, you'll see something pop up that says contact info. So if we pull up somebody's page, if we click on contact info, we can hope that their email pops up, which it does.

If we go to my profile, for example, if you click on contact info, boom, there's my personal email. Method number three is going to be x.com. So oftentimes people will reply to a post, they'll post their email address on x.

And we can use x's advanced search to find the emails of the person that's sending it. So if I go to explore, if I go to the search bar up top here, let's just say I want to find out Grant Cardone. So I'm first going to do a quick little search.

Then I'm going to click on the right hand side. I'm going to do advanced search and up top, I'm going to do email. I'm going to scroll down and I'm going to do Grant Cardone.

I click on search. What will pop up is a bunch of emails. Podcast contact.

Perfect. Another email contact. Annie at grantcardone.com.

Info at Grant Cardone Foundation. Chat at grantcardone.com. So I can scour through all of these different posts with his email and all of his team's email on here and use this to find his email or oftentimes find some gatekeepers to some products that they're offering.

The next method to find emails is going to be a little bit different than what we've been talking about. It's actually a software that will pull emails automatically for you. It's something called instantly lead finder.

So the good thing about the lead finder is it doesn't involve any manually scraping and it allows us to search from a database of millions of emails that we can find literally in seconds. Let's just say I want to find founders and CEOs of software companies. AI will automatically create filters for me and create a list of all the founders and CEOs of software companies literally in seconds.

Let's just say I wanted to find gym owners in the United States. I could run a different search and voila, all of the gym owners in the United States. I can use all of these different search functions to find millions of emails across thousands of different industries without having to do anything manual.

And if you want to give this a shot for yourself and look for emails in your niche, you can find the link in the description to try it out yourself. Method number five is going to be a tool called Mail Meteor. So what I can do is I can literally type in a first name, a last name, and a domain and see if their email pops up.

We're going to do nilsagain.ai. Email addresses and what it will do is it will generate 34 emails for us. What I'm going to do is I'm going to click on copy.

I'm going to go to my email. I'm going to go to the to section. I'm going to paste them all and I'm going to look for this little section right here.

Pop up maybe a name, maybe a face, maybe a letter, something like that. We can see that these are not looking too hot. So that might be a little bit risky.

Let's try another one here. Let's do me. Copy this over.

Open this. Paste that bad boy there and boom, you will see a name. So what we can do is we can just simply delete all these bad ones and run with the good one.

Method number six that we can give a shot is opt-ins. So if you're trying to find emails of personal brands or big influencers, a lot of them have opt-ins or newsletters that you can find. And you can simply get their email address from there and opt into their newsletter to find their email.

Let's do an example. So if I go to my website, you might be hitting on my website and be like, let me check out your resources. Oh, wow.

You have a free training. And what you can do is you can opt into the free training. And after you opt in, you'll be opted into a newsletter of some sort.

And when you get the newsletter, just like this, what you'll be able to see is who sent it. Austin from Agency U. Oftentimes their email will be right there.

And you can simply respond to the email to get in touch with the person that you're wanting to get in touch with or save the email directly through here. And method number seven that we can use is Chrome plugins. So if we search Google for Chrome Store, go to Chrome Web Store.

In the search bar, we search email finder. You'll find a plethora of extensions that we can quickly install onto our computer, onto our Google Chrome. What this allows us to do is if we're on a LinkedIn profile, if we're on a website, it'll give you a dropdown with all of the emails for that specific website.

Or if you're on a LinkedIn profile, it'll find the person's email based off of their profile. Like tools like Snob, you can actually add them into a list so that you can email them later. Pretty quick to do.

If they have their cell phone number available, you can also find it there. There's a ton of different plugins that you can test to see which one works for you. Now, if you apply any of these methods or all of these methods, you're going to get a pretty solid list of people to reach out to.

But if you haven't done much outreach lately, the game has changed and you're going to need to know how to write a good script to get these people's attention. So click here to see the next video to learn how to write killer emails that will get more positive responses, get you more leads and lead to more closed deals using cold email. Thanks so much for watching, guys, and we'll see you on the next one.