Raoul here and I wanted to record this really quick video to show you a simple but very effective strategy on generating really good cold email copy, cold email offer angles and also sales angles that will help you close more deals. This is especially good for agencies but works with pretty much any niche. If you have a SaaS, if you have an offer of some kind, this is a really good mind map, a method to figure out the best offer that you can come up with.

So I call it the demo method because how it works is you want to figure out the ideal demo. So if you could demo your product or an offer or a service in the best way to your ideal client, how would that look like? So I made this example for a lead generation agency.

So imagine I'm a lead generation agency and I come to you, you're a coach, you're an e-com store and tell you like, yo, I can send you as many clients as you can handle daily for no charge. If I'm, let's say a marketing agency, I get this offer, like I'm like, hell yeah, if you can actually do it. So forget about the trust and everything right now, just think about the ideal angle that you can use.

I promise you, if you could do this, it is possible. If you could do this and you send this as a cold email, you're going to get replies. If you jump on a sales call with an interested prospect, you're going to close more deals because this is just such a no brainer deal.

As many clients as you can handle for no charge, like sign me up, every business will take this. So whatever your offer is, this is for a lead generation, whatever your offer is, try to figure out the best demo. If you have an ideal client on a sales call, what could you say to them in an ideal world that will make them commit?

That was like, no brainer. Like I want to do this straight away. So now once we have that, once we have the ideal demo, the next step that we want to do is you want to reverse engineer.

We want to start taking away some of the pieces that are unrealistic and then turn it into an actual offer that we can do. So for this one, first one, obvious one that we have to change is we have to take away the no charge for running a business. Second best thing for companies is just take commission.

So I can change as many clients as you can handle for 20% commission. So we're only getting money if we actually get them clients. Again, this takes a risk.

This is really good for the company. And this is already an offer that you could potentially use. Maybe that as many clients you can handle is very hard to do.

We can get more specific, but the 20% commission is actually doable. If you're starting out, you don't have any case studies. You want to put your skin in the game.

You want to show the clients that you can actually do this for them. You're taking on the risk. This is a really good angle to use.

So again, let's peel back the onion one more layer. Next part. Yo, I can send you five clients weekly for 20% commission.

So instead of having as many clients as you can handle daily, just weekly, it's more reasonable. Five clients a week, that's already more than enough for marketing agencies for 20% commission. So again, this offer, imagine if you reach out to a marketing agency and I'm like, yo, I can get your agency five clients weekly for 20% commission.

That's pretty amazing offer already. But again, let's go even deeper, make it even easier for you. Yo, I can send you five sales meetings with your ideal clients weekly for 20% commission.

So here we take away the clients and we substitute with sales meetings. So we're not guaranteeing clients. In this one, we're guaranteeing them meetings.

Just they can jump on the call with their ideal clients. And all you can see, it gets like a little bit unsexy, but more realistic, but it's like really good. It's just compared to what we had in the beginning, it seems unsexy.

But even this, like I get sales meetings, but in an ideal world, I would just get clients. If you can offer a deal that I get those meetings and I close them, that's like even better offer. But this one is like regular litigation agent's offer.

You can change your five sales meetings with ideal clients weekly. And if they close them, you get 20% commission. Okay.

Let's take it a step further. So let's say 20% commission, you want to get paid upfront, you will substitute it for 250 per meeting. For example, I can get you five sales meetings with your ideal clients weekly or $250 per meeting.

This is like a typical offer already, but it's still like really good. If their one client is worth $5,000 and for every four calls they get, they close one, they pay you 1K, they get 5K back. They're happy, you're happy.

It's still like a very good offer. Let's, again, take it one step deeper. I can send you five sales meetings with your ideal clients weekly for 250 per meeting.

And you can start getting calls on calendar today. So if your listener is an agency, you could potentially do this. If you have pre-warmed up email accounts in your niche, you can already start sending out those emails and they can start getting meetings today.

If you go after the target group that you know, you can help, you've done it before, you know what copy works, you can do it very, very fast. So again, timing wise, if you jump on sales calls, if you send an email, this would be the ideal one. But if you can't do it that fast, we can say, you can start getting calls on your calendar in two weeks.

This is usually how long it takes to warm up email accounts for a least in an agency, and then they can start getting calls. But again, you see the difference with this one, the ideal world, just give it to them now. And if you can figure out ways how you can do it, like I mentioned with pre-warmed up domains, maybe already have a pool of clients from another client that you can give them straight away, trying to figure out the way, the best way that you can do it and use that.

I'm just giving you a lot of options that you can see how to layer it down. So if you start getting calls on your calendar in two weeks, again, how can we make it a little bit better? We will start your outreach today, and you can start getting calls on your calendar in two weeks.

So this is what we offered in our leach-resting agency. We told them, we're going to do the setup today, and we're going to get your emails warming up. But we're going to start personalized outreach on a smaller scale already now.

We're going to learn what works by going to these websites, writing personalized emails. And then after two weeks, once the emails are warmed up, we can really launch campaigns and blast full volume. But we start today, and they can start getting calls on your calendar in two weeks.

But you can make it even better if you can get them, if you start sending emails, emails in slower volume now, and start getting potentially meetings and responses already from today. So this is, in a nutshell, the concept. We start with ideal offer.

Hey, I can get you clients for free, as many as you can handle. But if we turn it back and make it more realistic, you can send your five sales meetings with your IEA clients weekly for 250 per meeting. We start outreach today, and you can start getting calls in two weeks.

So this is a pretty good email that works. And also on sales call, this works. But if you can do something in the middle, like this one, I can send you five sales meetings weekly, and you pay only on commission for 20%.

This is going to get you more responses than the bottom ones here, right? Same with like the first one. This is going to get you the most responses, the most closest.

If you can do this one, this is second best, third best. So start doing this. Come up with the ideal scenario for your clients on a sales call, or what would you imagine is the simplest for them to say that it's like a legit no brainer.

Write it down, and then do what I did. Just take away step by step the things that aren't released that you can't do. Figure out ways how you can do things.

This is how you can get some crazy ideas. I can actually maybe come up with completely new things nobody else is offering. Even if you think, for example, like the two week warmup period, yes, it's like a thing we can't get over.

Logically, if we just like, no, we have to have just two weeks. But what we can do is brainstorming. We can have pre-warmed up email accounts.

We could just get burner accounts. Like you tell the client, hey, we're going to buy these ones. I'm just going to use them for two weeks.

And then we're going to like, not use them. We're going to burn them, but we're already going to get you responses right away. You could use in the first two weeks LinkedIn.

So you can start sending LinkedIn messages straight away. You can use Twitter DMs if religious is reaching out straight away. So try to figure out the best ways of doing these things.

Even if it seems impossible, figure out creative ideas, and then go down the line, make it better and better for yourself. So actually can make money and make sense to you. And then stop on one that you can offer realistically.

And then you have the best of both worlds. You're not offering the lowest or I offered a job right now. You're not offering like the best one because that's impossible right now.

But you're working towards that best one. Like somewhere in the middle already is like really good. And use these things that you figure out in your cold emails.

You're going to get more responses. And use them in your sales calls. And you can see your sales and closing is going to get much, much easier if you do this.

So hopefully it helped. Subscribe, like, and I can create great