We are officially in a trust recession and getting leads for a business that are one, qualified and two, trust you is getting harder than ever. But luckily, it doesn't have to be that way. Over the last few years, I've developed a lead generation strategy that's helped me book 45 calls in 28 days.

And in this video, I'm going to use the exact same strategy and show you how you can get infinite leads for your business to understand how to get unlimited leads. You first need to know what a lead is a lead is someone you can contact. In this case, it's going to be via email.

The one thing you need to be cautious of when you're gathering new data is that the leads are cleaned, verified, and of course, accurate. The best tool that I know of to do this right now is with the instantly leads finder dive into your instantly account. And the very top left, you'll see this magnifying glass called lead finder.

Now this is where you can type in all the things about your avatar of who it is that you're looking to contact so that you can get up to date data. Now here's what I always do. I start with the end in mind.

I'll look through like news and technologies, job listings, domains look like and then revenue. So for me, I'm going to be contacting a med tech companies with certain revenue levels. So we'll do 10 to 50 50 to 100.

And then we'll do one to 10 million on here as well. And then we'll go employees 25 to 100, maybe zero to 25 that can work too. And then of course, the industry itself med tech, so medical device.

And I think there might be one other one too, that's more biomedical, which works there as well. So we'll go ahead and plug those two in and then location on this. United States and job titles, I'm going to go ahead and do the director of sales, I'm going to type in sales, director of sales, head of marketing could work.

And then there's a whole bunch of other different types of job titles. What's really cool about how instantly works is it's going to immediately start populating all your results that are on here, which is great. So you can kind of see, okay, Matthias Newton, is that someone that I want to contact?

If not, then you can refine who it is that you're talking to. So in this case, I'm actually going to go with just med device and see what that plays out to be. In this case, I really like my result.

It's only 260. But those are going to be highly qualified people who are going to be a fit for my offer. If you need more contacts, in this case, I can add CEO, I can go to CMO, I can even do a bunch of these other people like president, vice president, even director of marketing, if I do have sort of a sales related hitch, and that expands my results dramatically.

One of my absolute favorite features here is getting real world information about my leads from the news. And so I can click on this here and say, expanded its offices or made hires or partners with certain people. Now, in this case, I'm going after a very specific niche.

So it's going to ruin my broadness of the campaign. It's only going to leave me 109 results. But these are all people who have partnered in the news with other companies, meaning they're always looking to expand, that could be a great buying trigger for your offer, depending on what it is.

The other one that I see a lot, that's a really interesting one is the type of funding that the company has, say they are an angel funded. So they're a startup, or maybe they're in their seed round. A lot of these in my industry are not going to be in this space, a lot of them are going to be publicly or even privately funded.

But in this case, you can go ahead and just go after a certain type of startup based on their funding source. And beyond that too, I always love getting department specific sales or support. But in this case, I'm going to keep this really, really simple and go after a whole bunch of people within my niche.

What I'll do next is click on this button here. And you can either select the entire page, you can do the entire market, or you can just select say the first 500 or the first 250. So I'll select this and click add to campaign.

I'll go ahead and add these leads to its own campaign. So I'll just create sample campaign here. And then I'll check for duplicates.

And we'll go ahead and add to campaign. Luckily, it caught 42 duplicates that I have in other campaigns. So that works great.

Let's open the campaign up. Now that these leads have been added to the campaign, we get to do my favorite part, which is add AI prompts to these contacts. So you'll head into the leads tab right here.

And from here, you'll see all these leads are in verification queue, which is great. But in the meantime, we're going to be hitting this AI prompts tab, this little brainiac icon up here, and we're going to be doing some prompting with it. So first things first, why not clean up the company name.

So put your company name here, the output column, have it create its new clean company output, and then we'll go ahead and generate this for all leads. That's probably a good thing because if we reference the company name, not a bad idea to have it actually be cleaned so that it sounds good. If you know me, you also know I love a good custom first line.

So we're going to try that out here using the prospects LinkedIn. The reason instantly is so great is because we can go to the template hub here and we can find another one. So let's go ahead and do the personalized first line here and we'll use the LinkedIn.

They'll create a new column here. So we'll go ahead and we'll generate for all leads and let that do its thing as well. The last thing that we could do, which will show up on this leads list here shortly as well, is we could even have one of my very own, which is an assumption of a struggle.

So this would be going through and guessing some sort of an assumption of maybe something that they're dealing with right now, which is always a great thing to have in our email sequence. Go ahead and put in the website here and we'll create a new column and we'll generate for all leads. Once it does, it should look like this.

We're going to be looking at Craig here on the very first line and we can see his location company news personalized first line in an assumption of a struggle. I found you on LinkedIn, saw your posts, found you on LinkedIn, saw some meaningful insights. Keep in mind, the quality of your prompt is going to be everything.

So in this example, though, we're going to be diving back into sequences and using what we created with these prompts, these contacts and the script. So again, looking here at Craig, he is a director of sales at Sutton's Creek. We learned a little bit about what they do and how they serve their customers, just so that we have a frame of mind going into this template.

So I'm going to be saying hi, first name, the product I'm designing at Handshake IO effectively enables MedDevice staff to be connected with the right partners who are usually out of reach. Unique interest triggers with AI using instantly, of course, during a recent beta trial, we got one out of five tech decision makers. We touched via email to engage in a conversation about a demo.

It was a 21% reply rate. I'd imagine it's a challenge to blank, right? An assumed challenge.

Would you be opposed if I sent over more info? Very simple script. So first things first, we want to use our personalization.

So you'll click this button right here. It says insert variables. We're going to insert a variable around the personalization.

So let's go ahead and find that it's personalized first line like that. Then we want to make sure we have a fill in the blank spot for our challenge. I'd imagine it's a challenge to blank.

So we'll go and fill that in with the assumption of struggle instantly makes it really easy to see what you're going to send to each prospect and gives you a chance to test it and actually look at it in the inbox. So click on this preview button on the right hand side, and you'll see it open a preview tab just like this one. So now we're talking to Craig.

Hi, Craig, I found you on LinkedIn and saw your post welcoming new team members to Sutton's Creek. Lots of growth is happening. Again, when we actually check his posts, yep, he's pretty much just welcoming new people to the team and the AI did its job product I'm designing it.

Then the only thing that we're really looking for here is I'd imagine it's a challenge to make meaningful connections with the right pharmaceutical companies who have a new product in the works. Now if you'll notice, I caught something very important, which is that this AI prompt already adds a period. And so if I added another period, it would look like a duplicate.

So go back to preview here, and we scroll down to the bottom. And now it looks absolutely perfect. And again, if you're getting weird messages, you can change it directly, or look at how you're doing your AI prompting to get the right outcome.

Once our sequence looks good, we're going to head into options on the campaign tab, select the account that we want to send from. And of course, we want to enable stop sending that's going to be automatic open tracking, we're going to disable it. And we're also going to send emails as text, no HTML, very important stuff set our sending limits as our domain grows and has some deliverability issues daily sending limit, that's not a big deal, you can leave that as about 30 or 50 depending on how many domains you have set up.

And then beyond that custom tags is new gap between leads, not a big deal. What we do want to do is provider matching. And then of course, we can even stop the whole campaign based on a company reply.

So you don't just keep on hitting up the same company. I like to check that one too, as I'm doing larger leads lists. Once we're ready to go there, we'll go ahead and click launch button and watch the leads pour in.

Now, luckily, I've already run a campaign very, very similar to this for my own company. And within about two days, I was already seeing results that look like this. And that is how you get infinite leads for your business.

If you're interested in doing exactly what I did in this video, check out the software instantly AI, it'll be the first link in the description. Now beyond that, to send hundreds or even thousands of emails, you have to have a great script in really solid deliverability. Otherwise, no one's going to read what you're sending them.

And so we have a whole bunch of videos and tutorials of how to write scripts, how to do AI prompting, how to make sure that people read your emails when they go top of inbox to stick around and we'll see you in the next video. Can't wait to catch you on the next one.