In this video, we'll be looking at how you can leverage technology filtering to get more clients as a TikTok agency. So if your target audience is using TikTok, you can think about, okay, how can I best reach them? So this would work, you know, if you're like very TikTok specific and you say, hey, we're going to edit your TikTok videos.

But this also works if you're a content marketing agency with some TikTok expertise or if you're a branding agency or maybe even if you're a paid ads agency that can run paid ads on TikTok. And the way to find the people or more specifically the companies who are already using TikTok is by leveraging technology filters. So let's do that now.

Very simple. Just go here and type in TikTok. So select TikTok conversion pixel.

So that way, you know, they already have the TikTok conversion pixel installed on the website. And they're already trying some stuff. They're already doing some stuff on there, but they're probably not making the most out of it.

And that way you can find, you know, these ideal prospects already, right? They're already aware of the problem of the solution. Maybe they're trying to solve it.

And then you come in and say, hey, look, we've solved this for other people. We have the expertise to do it. Here's what we can do for you.

So let's just set up a campaign together. I'll select location, United States. I'll be looking for the decision makers here.

Just select the CEO for now. And we'll filter out for you, all the people. And what we're going to do next is we're going to push this right away into a campaign so we can cold email them.

Okay. So this is a very big audience. We have 120,000 leads here.

Obviously, we're not going to contact all 120,000 right away. Best to just go about and select the first, let's say, 300. You know, let's run a first campaign, a first test.

And we're just going to click here, right? We selected the first 300 here. Click add to campaign.

And then TikTok CO US. Conversion Pixel. So we're going to become the campaign name.

We're going to add this to the campaign. It's adding. It's putting everything together.

And perfect. It created the campaign at the same time as it added the leads. The leads are in the verification queue.

So it's going to verify it. It's going to make sure, you know, you have a clean lead list here. And then we go to the next step.

So this will run in the background. It only takes two, three minutes. So you can already proceed to setting up the rest.

Go to the sequences. You'll just pick out some copy. Set a subject line.

Subject line. We can just say thoughts or quick question. Click save.

And then here you can say something like, hey, first name. So what are you doing on TikTok with company name? It will dynamically insert the company name in here like it's a merge tag.

And it reminded me of case study. That's right there. You can brag about your past results.

You can show off your track record. You can say what results you've gotten other people by, you know, taking advantage of this opportunity of TikTok and making the most of the platform. Getting more views, getting more reach, getting more likes, getting more link clicks and more conversions.

And then the call to action can be just as simple. You know, I have a couple of ideas on how we could do the same for company name. And again, here it will dynamically insert the company name.

Interested to hear more. Very simple call to action. And we're already done here.

So schedule is set to US already. And then options. We're just going to connect a couple of sending accounts.

Very easy to do. So we have 10 sending accounts. If you have 10 sending accounts, you can send 900 to 50.

Sorry, you can send 300 to 500 cold emails per day. So you can send 300 here or 500. If you go a little bit more aggressive, you can go 500.

If you're going to be more conservative and lower risk, you can do 300. And the way this works is the inbox number one will send to lead number one in the lead list. Then inbox number two will send to lead number two.

Inbox number three will send to lead number three and so on and so forth. That way you distribute all the sending volume across 10 inboxes, which helps you keep deliverability high and also send more volume. So that way you can contact your prospects faster, get more replies in sooner and book in the meetings sooner.

And that's pretty much it, right? Then you just click launch. I'm not going to click launch because I'm not offering this service.

But there you can just click launch. You're offering this service and you're already done. So that's it.

So to recap, right? You go into the lead finder. You leverage the technology filtering by filtering what your target audience, what type of softwares, technologies your target audience is already using.

You select the decision makers, the region. You push that into a campaign, set the copy in the background. Instantly we already verify the leads for you and connect the sending accounts.

It will automatically do this inbox rotation thing that I just mentioned for optimization. You just have to select them, but instantly we'll do the rest. And then you're good to go and you click launch and that's it.

So, yeah, hope that's helpful. Hope that gives you some, you know, value and some ideas on how you can launch your own campaigns. And, yeah, this works, you know, if you're a TikTok ads agency, if you're a video editor, maybe you're a short clip creator.

Maybe your branding, content marketing works for that. So, yeah, that's it. So if you have any questions, let me know in the comments and I'll talk to you soon.