Hey guys, Raul here with another episode of CoLima Hot Takes. And today we have Jacob, also known as the Straight Line Advertising Guy from Twitter. I have a bunch of questions written down.

We've been trying to jump on a podcast with you for, I don't know, a year, legit a year. It's like harder to get on a date with a 10, but finally you're here. Thanks so much for coming on board, bro.

And happy to have you here. Happy to be here. So it's been a while.

I think the day you started the podcast, you've been asking me on it. Finally, time to do one. Yeah.

And yeah, I'm not going to take it easy. I have like, when we first were about to do the podcast, I had my notes from then. So now it's just like being, bulk me up.

I have so many questions, man. So let's jump straight into it. Let's do it.

And the main thing, I think you were one of the first guys, if not the first, who started using the term growth consultant instead of agency. So most of our clients or people listening are agencies. So can you explain a little bit why did you shift and like what you're doing right now as a growth consultant?

Yeah, 100%. So there's, I obviously built my agency up from when I was kind of around 1920 up until 23. And it's a good business model.

There's actually, if you see me on the timeline, you'll see that I joke around with it. But reality is, it's a good cash flowing business. But operationally is where the problems come.

You know, when you're the person building the business, what happens is you're involved in every single part. So you're involved in operating it, getting these, closing deals, making sure clients are happy and kind of everything in between that as well. And what happens as you try and scale, bring on more clients, you run into all these problems that, you know, basically you're creating a trap and a prison for yourself rather than a business that serves you.

And you'll know this just as well as anyone, when you're running a service-based business, operationally, it's actually the hardest part of the business. Marketing and selling is typically not that hard, especially when, you know, you have tools like Instantly and you're involved in the space that we are, where marketing is actually the easy part. So I saw all these problems and I was running into them.

I was like, I could tell there was something wrong. There was something missing. I wasn't, it wasn't clicking.

I was at like 50,000 a month. It's a good business. I had cashflow, but didn't have like the freedom, didn't have the business that I really wanted essentially.

And at the same time, I joined kind of a mastermind program and I met my business partner now who is Jordan. And he comes from a different world. So he went through the typical, you know, he met an entrepreneur when he was young, around 20.

He worked up in the business, became managing director, grew that business. It was an ed tape business from like 2 million a year to 10 million a year. And he did it all through kind of partnerships, agreements, and he hated agencies.

So I come from this world of like being an agency and knowing these problems. And he'd come from this world of like, I hate agencies. They never helped us.

I did it like the old school way. And when we came together, like we had very similar and aligned thoughts on kind of all of these problems. And that's where really the term came from.

So it's more about being a growth partner to specific clients or partners that you know are going to be successful with or without you. And what you want to do is you're going to come in, you're going to partner with them, which then allows you to take a piece of the revenue or equity. We do revenue personally because you want cashflow.

So you can charge longer contracts because people want to work with partners and you can charge a bigger upfront fee because you are seen more as an internal partner. And the way that we position it is like that, you know, you'd go hire a CMO for a hundred thousand, 200,000 a year. We're going to do the same thing and this much more, but we're going to do it through being your partner, being there to help and have a more holistic view of the business where agencies are just focused on this one part, which as you know, you could be a lead gen agency getting them tons of leads, but they're actually not closing any.

It all comes down to the same thing. It's like you're solving one problem where there's a bigger problem that you have to solve. And that's really what we look at is that bigger problem.

Like how do you grow revenue? How do you increase the shareholder value for your, your CEOs, your partners? And that's what we're trying to do.

So yes, marketing is a part of that, but we look much broader to see, okay, well, how can we influence all of those things? And that's really where it came about and also how we're looking at it now. And in terms of specifically what we're doing, so we work with about 13 clients at the moment, and it's all around sales and marketing.

So we look at things like that offer because being that partner, you have a bit more trust with them so you can challenge them on the way that they're thinking. Because a lot of people, especially in the kind of niches we're in, it's an old school niche. So people aren't as aware as what a hundred million dollar offer is, you know?

So what we do is we come in, we look at their offer, we look at what cases you have, we look at who they're targeting and just make sure they're at the, you know, they might be here. We just want to align them at 10, 20% to make sure we're hitting the right people. Then we obviously run campaigns.

We have a kind of a sales enablement person there who's helping tracking, making sure we're collecting the rev share, seeing if there's any problems that we can tweak in the sales process. And then also speaking directly with their CEOs to help them see the future vision of their business and the potential that they have to stay with us for years. That's a bro.

And like, love it. I have so many like thoughts in my head. I'm going to try to like ask all the follow-up questions, but like, I legit think if we hadn't started instantly, we wouldn't be doing something similar because we naturally saw our agency turning into this kind of more holistic, like a full sales process kind of a service, because we got them leads.

Like the leads were never the problem, but it was like you said, it's the sales, the closing. How did it close? So once we added a sales process audit, just going out their offer, we could add like couple of K, a couple of thousand to our offer to pay us more money.

And we look at their offer. So it's like a hundred percent something we should have gone for. Like if you've done agency and all the other agency like owners out there, I think it's super smart because we're going to go into all the like emails, like how many emails send, how many follow-ups, but the most important part is the offer.

Like if you offer positioning, if your niche sucks, it's not going to work. And even if you have something that can be like something that everybody knows about, if you package it a little bit differently, like you guys are doing, I think like your results speak for themselves. So like when you were pivoting from a regular agency to this kind of offer, how did you see your responses and like former outreach, like straight up getting better responses, more interest?

Yeah. So firstly, back to your original point, which is like, this is the natural transition that agency owners will take. It will just take them a year or two to get to the point where they realize it.

We've just been there and we're saying, this is the way you do it. And you'll see every big name in the space who runs a service-based business is doing the same thing. So the second point, what I actually did was I shut down my agency.

So it was like, I met Jordan, I realized the opportunity vehicle that was there. And I was like, okay, I'm just going to go all in on this. So it was a bit of a difference.

Some people were changing the offer, but the offer is what matters. So when you change from talking about leads or when you change talking about the mechanism, when you change talking about anything that isn't the transformation, you essentially are going to limit the kind of results that you're going to get straight up. Especially when there's hundreds of thousands of people who read Tom Moses' book now who are throwing out these crazy offers that are just completely ridiculous.

And at the end of the day, the way that I think about businesses, if someone was to approach me and want to do a deal with me, the first thing I'm going to ask is how much money am I going to make? So that's really the pivot that we made is like, stop talking about everything else. Just talk about how much money are we going to make them and how long it's going to take.

And that was really the big shift. And then what we did is we actually changed the approach. So we talked about the money and then in things like the follow-ups, things like the sales letters, all those kinds of value propositions, the content we're putting out as well.

We actually almost give them like a detailed plan where we showed them exactly what we were going to do. They just laid it out for them because when you're closing like a hundred K plus deals, which is the kind of positioning that we're going for, you know, it's all logic. Based people don't close a hundred K plus deals from emotion, not in my experience, and there obviously will be exceptions, but you have to make it super logical to the point where it just makes sense for them to do business with you.

Like it would actually not make sense for them to walk away from the deal. And when you get to that point, we literally, the sales cycle is a bit longer, but we can close like 80% of deals, 70% of deals purely because it's so logical that if they're right fit, they're going to come over the line because it doesn't make sense for them business-wise not to. Yeah.

I love that. And I was planning to ask the sales questions like in the end, but like, let's get into straight, like into sales, because I feel it's super underrated for lead generation agencies, SEO agents, marketing agents, whoever you are, like, this is the most important thing. You might be good at getting leads.

It's the easy part, but when you get that leads through the door, how do you guys, like, let's say you get a positive response. How do you guys handle that at the moment? Yeah.

So we've gone through a few different iterations. Um, we've got some exciting stuff coming out now as well, which, uh, I'll kind of dive into, but the first thing is, um, the way that we position the offer, everyone gets like their own SDR, which obviously for most people is an inbox manager. Um, who's just kind of chasing all the leads and that kind of stuff.

What we recognize is that you actually want an SDR. So you want someone who can chase like a hound, like constantly chase and pick up the phone, connect from LinkedIn. Um, and that's where we, we, we noticed that the positive response, the book meeting rate was too low and there was a discrepancy.

So we've now put the infrastructure in to put and place SDRs within a client's business to actually take them to that kind of that next level. And it's not to say they all need their own personalized SDR. You don't need to do that.

You can position it that way. Um, so it increases the value, but what that does essentially, it's going to double, triple your books meeting rates. Just like that overnight.

Very, very simple. Um, we also, I get all of the SDRs. There's meetings that give us feedback.

We have one of the things we've been working on recently is this game full data feedback. Okay. Well, how many appointments come from each campaign?

How many of those are closing? What each metric is along that and shortening the feedback cycle. Cause the quicker you can make that loop from sales back to marketing, the best of results can be just like, it's that simple.

And that's really been a big focus of us. It's just like, how can we get so much data so we can make decisions quicker for each of our clients? And that, um, was really one of the, the two focus points we're doing at the moment.

Previously, it was pretty simple. You know, we'd onboard a client, understand stuff and we'd use value-based marketing. So the way that we get leads and opportunities is sending them value videos, you know, decks, anything like that, that we can use.

And we have some kind of creative angles that we use there to push them over the line. So it's simple email follow-ups. Sometimes you do LinkedIn if they disengage, but we'd be heavily using value.

And that's really where we found the most success, especially here in the UK. It's, you know, leading with value, especially our clients work with blue chip companies. So we've been able to get into huge names, like some of the biggest household names, some of the biggest banks that you can actually see behind us at JP Morgan for our clients by simply leading with value first and getting them in where, you know, a lot of people struggle to get into those blue chips.

So actually that's one of the ones where we get the best results when our clients go after big companies. And the difference is we're not, we are really leading with value. And that's the approach that I've always taken marketing.

It's why on my Twitter, I just gave out so much for free as well. I know you guys take that approach as well. And we just translate that for our clients too.

Gotcha. Yeah. So like, it seems your sales pitch is super logical, your like iterations, how you make decisions is all based on data.

And again, like it's super simple, like logical. Like if you see something working to that more, if something's not working, like fix it, figure it out, this is something like the people should get into the habit of just every day, like working on this stuff. It's not like say it and forget it.

Like why Jacob is doing so well is because he had an agency, he didn't get stuck. He just pivoted. He now gets SDR, worked on that, just continuously improving.

And the big point to mention, and what we also started using in our agency was the ROI calculator. So let's say I'm a regular agency owner. How would you go about in creating this like ROI, showing them the value that we can offer them?

Yeah. So I look at like reverse engineering, everything. Like what I want to do is find success and then figure out how we can just replicate over and over and over again.

And that's really what we're trying to do. So like, um, one of the ways that I've had success in the past is just out testing everyone. So like last week we did like 110 campaigns we launched across our clients.

And that was just like a regular week and that's because we just want to test quicker, quicker and quicker. And the way that we apply this to the kind of the, um, the calculator in that sense is we figure out on the discovery call. So we kind of use a three-part sales process.

The first one is discovery call. We figure out really what they want, what their goal is, what they, what they want to achieve. And then we build that into the sales process.

So in this custom proposal that we build for them, and it is, um, a custom proposal, we take one, tweak it, edit it, make sure it looks and feels, um, directly for them. Then what we do is we start breaking down the numbers. So once you've gone through the plan and again, super logical, go through the whole plan.

We show them exactly what they need to do. Then we show them the offer. Then at the end of the offer, we, we go through exactly what the numbers are.

So, okay, well, here's your goal. Here's what we need to do to hit that here. If we close at 20% and the way I approach it is always worst case scenario.

So let's say we close at 15%. Let's say we only get a book meeting rate of this. Let's say we only get a positive response rate of this.

This is how many leads we need to send. I mean, you basically reverse engineer what they want to give you the inputs, show them the logical path that we're going to take to achieve it and why we can easily achieve it. And that, when you break that down and then you add in a guarantee on that revenue or anything like that, it's just like, they sit there and they're like, I literally can't not do this.

Like this would hurt my business not to progress with this. So it's all about using what they deem as success, which is the goals, the figures that they've told you that say, you know, they want to double by the end of the year. Okay.

Well, here's our plan to show you how to double it. Here's the exact inputs that we're going to do to get you there by the end of the year. And if not, here's the guarantee.

Nice man. And so when you have the, like such a logical approach, I feel the second biggest obstacle after you show them its value, but because you came from a like cold outreach, let's say you came from, it's trust. So how do you overcome the trust issue?

How you show them you can actually do this. Yeah. So I think there's two core elements.

So the first one is the conviction when you're closing, you know, when people can sense when there's like people are good BS senses, like that's the reality of it. Um, and so if you're on the call and you're not confident in your own ability that you can deliver for that, then you're going to struggle to, for them to believe in you and have that trust in you. The way that we kind of overcome that for anyone who may be just getting started is just say to yourself, are you going to do absolutely everything that it's going to take to get results?

And if so, then you should have confidence in your own ability that you have the work effort that's needed to get the results for these people. Um, so then you can go on the call and you can say, yeah, you know what? I am a hundred percent confident.

I will get these results for you. Cause if not, I will work day and night into this. And that's what I used to do when I was building the kind of the agency and to start with, and it's the approach I think you need to take to take something from zero to one anyway.

The second point, um, which I think is not, is actually working in a specific niche. And this isn't to say B2B SaaS because you know, everyone does B2B SaaS and B2B SaaS isn't really a niche. It's the vehicle.

But if you work in one specific niche and I suggest people look at niches that are, you know, you have some sort of background in, don't just try and pick something out random. Normally you'll kind of fall into your niche and you just stick in that niche. You're going to learn more and more about the market, about the pains, about what works, what doesn't, who you're targeting to the point where as time goes on, you're just replicating what's already worked for someone else for this next person.

And you then collect these case studies. And every time you collect a case study, the amount of trust that you need to build just gets less and less and less because the trust is built by the evidence that you have and the results that you have. We now have our clients referring multiple people every single month to work with us because they literally, the results are so good that they want to bring other people in, other people.

We have someone, we have one client who's referred like four or five people to us. He's had hour long conversations with each one where they're asking him all kinds of questions. How's it work?

What's it look like? You know, are they legit? All these kinds of things.

And we've brought on multiple partners and typically they're our best partners. You know, so cold out, which is great. Like sending cold emails, cold calls, all of that is fantastic.

But referrals and having people come to you is how you kind of start getting out that loop and you build and you know that, you know, the next two, three, four years are going to be fantastic because you're always going to have people come to you. And that's why it's so important to deliver on everything you're saying because your reputation takes years to build. But as we know, it's like shattered glass.

Once it's broken, it's very hard to put back together. It feels like you guys have now reached the escape velocity. It's just like pretty much like going downhill.

You have those case studies. You've been delivering on what you promised to getting referrals. But if you take a step back, like most people are not there.

Let's say I don't have any case studies. I'm starting out. I have a good offer.

Like I believe in myself. How would you structure the pitch there? Like should you have like a much better guarantee with no case studies?

How do you close? Okay. So I don't really believe in working for free.

I know a lot of people will say this. I also don't necessarily like working just on performance because I don't think that's a sustainable way to build a business. I've personally been burned by that in the early days of my agency.

I think that you can bring all these clients on. They have unrealistic expectations. You don't deliver.

You don't get paid. You've wasted all this time. And yes, you will learn.

But I think you should be collecting cash from the start. So that's the first thing is even if you're a beginner, I think you should be going for retainers. So you can put performance on top of that, but it's just the way that I believe in.

I'm kind of doing business. The second thing is you have to be willing to learn the skills, the knowledge and that kind of thing. You can't shortcut that.

There's no real, like you can't just decide one day you're going to be an agency owner and just throw out in the market and hope it sticks. You do need to actually have that skill. So however you're learning that, whether it's course mentors, Twitter, YouTube, whatever it is, just know that you're going to have to double down on that when you're getting started and testing much quicker than everyone else.

Once you have that, that should give you some base layer confidence. And that's when you can start really taking it to market and actually seeing what kind of sticks from there. So the way that I approach it is essentially I like to find businesses that one, I know stuff about, because you're going to be able to speak that language.

So if you've come from SAS, stick with SAS. You know, if you've come from education, go to education, exactly that you don't. People always think about just picking a random niche rather than just picking something that's like you've already been there.

You have experience by having that experience. You can actually really understand and speak the language of who you're going to, who you're actually talking to. And if you don't know that yet, then you can start reaching out to people and just actually just trying to speak to those kinds of potential prospects and clients, not to try and sell them, but just to understand, to get a deeper understanding of who you're targeting.

And then once you have that knowledge, it's about reaching out to people. I'd still present the offer in a similar way that we're going to help you achieve this transformation, which in our case is revenue. And most businesses and for-profit businesses, the goal is always revenue to collect cash.

And I'm going to help you increase your revenue through however the way you're going to do it, whether it's cold email, ads, funnels, it doesn't really matter. And I'd still put that logical plan together. And that's where this custom proposal comes in.

So I would almost use the skills that you've learned to reverse engineer how you can get someone to the outcome. So that you put like step one, here's what we're going to do all the way to step 10 and break down each individual step to the point where they could see themselves going away and doing this with or without you. It doesn't matter at this point, you know, people buy the implementation of things, but you're just showing that you have such a deep understanding of that.

And as you work through that with them on a call and you get in front of them, again, because it's logical, because they can see each step, you're building more trust because you're not just trying to sell them the idea, you're selling them the plan. And if they can buy into the plan and you have that conviction behind it and you have the conviction yourself to say, I know that I will do whatever it takes to deliver on this. And my suggestion is for people just starting out, if you're able to collect cash and revenue to maybe just start with one, one, one partner, one client, you know, deliver exceptional results and then try and get that case study and move on.

Like a lot of people and myself included, I took one client and I tried to get the next and the next and the next, rather than saying, you know, actually, if I can just put my efforts in this and it's almost like a full-time job and in three months time, I can come out of a case study, which means next time my life's going to be much, much easier. You're going to learn a lot and you're not going to be as distracted because when you're just starting, you don't have the knowledge and the insights to really scale and you shouldn't be trying to. Your first job is to collect that case study, which then allows you to kind of scale and scale and scale.

One good case study can make you a million plus pounds very, very easily. Yeah, I love that. And I was just thinking back, like on our agency days, we started the same way.

And one thing that I would add is if like while you're working on getting your first case study, like be your own case study. Like if you're a leech agency, get yourself like leads. You can show your inbox.

Like we legit did what we're going to do to you for ourselves. That's working. A hundred percent.

Yeah. And that's where I think the confidence comes in. It's a good point, actually.

The process we use is the process we give to them. So we scaled from zero to 180K a month in eight months. This is the process.

We did it. This is what we're giving to you. This is what's going to happen when we do it.

Yeah. So just filling up the confidence, going through those repetitions and just like not stopping until you like find out what works. I think that's like.

The reality is everyone to begin with doubts themselves. No one comes into this from scratch and says, I'm going to be the best at this. I'm an absolute killer.

I'm going to always get results. But you get that confidence from delivering and keeping the promises that you make. And the only way that I found to do that is just to outwork everyone in the beginning until you can really then start applying leverage in other ways, which is, you know, it's the fundamentals, essentially.

Yeah. Love that. And I'm the same man.

Like still like I've done hundreds, hundreds of sales calls and I still get nervous. I still get like a little bit like this feeling, but it really helps like a mental case study. Like I know I closed this guy for like 100K.

Like I know I can do it. It's like remembering that whole thing. But yeah, it's like normal.

Like everybody's been there. So don't worry. Likewise.

And so we've been talking a lot about sales, but like it is a cold email podcast. So like quick fire a little bit about that cold email. I'm just going to like hit up some like main questions we get asked every day.

And I think it would be interesting for people to see like how you do it. So just like super quickly. You don't have to go into stories.

Just quick. Yeah. Right.

So first thing, where do you get your domains? Google. Nice.

What do you use for email service provider? Workspace, Soho, Outlook? Workspace.

And how many emails you do per domain? 35. Nice.

And three sending accounts. Sorry. Three sending accounts each sending, 35 a day.

35 a day. If you go into the campaigns, how many emails do you have per sequence? Four.

Four. Four. Four.

And? Actually, we've just added in a fifth, which happens in about a month. So just to see if anyone's there as well.

But four in the main sequence and then one almost just to check up on them in a month's time. Nice. Nice.

And on average, how many sentences is your average email? The first email to send out? Um, three.

Nice. So short ones. Like, I like this.

Yeah. Yeah. And in that, you said 35 a day.

So what's your current, like, max for a client that you're sending out daily emails? Um, we have some clients doing like 10,000 a month. Um, we could scale, but they don't have the infrastructure there.

So we, for ourselves, we have one client with 117 domains right now. Um, 100 cent domains and speed links. And where, uh, or what are your favorite lead sources to get leads for?

Um, Ocean and Apollo are the main ones. So we use ocean to get the lookalikes and then enrich that in Apollo. Gotcha.

Uh, any underrated tools that's used that more people should know about? Uh, no, there's not any, we used, um, right inbox for awhile. That allowed us to basically tempt size and automate and send things.

Now we've plugged in hub spot to all the leads so we can start calling. And that's like being a bit of a game changer for us. We've been able to like completely, um, rework everything.

Um, and do you guys use any like AI copywriting tools, something that's like buzzing right now, chat CPT? Um, not massively at the moment. No, the, I still think copywriting needs the human element to it.

Yeah. Agreed, man. Yeah.

And I think that's, uh, that's pretty much it. Like we covered so much stuff. We have the main like email questions to sales questions.

And I saw on your Twitter, uh, the link, of course, your Twitter down below. I saw you had, uh, like a masterclass workshop coming out. Yeah.

If there's anything else that you want to promote, plug, uh, now's your time. And what you have going on right now. Yeah.

So, um, the 19th of this month, this Sunday at 7. PM, we have, um, a live workshop that we're going to be hosting. Me and my business partner, where we walked through kind of the get our game plan for 2023 and how you can apply it to yourself and your own agency or your own service-based business.

And then as well, if you just want more value, we have a resource kind of masterclass where it's like 12 videos of me and John talking through all the different FAQs that you might have. That is also pinned in my Twitter as well. So, um, they're both in my bio.

If you just go to Twitter, you'll see the workshop and you'll also see the resources page. So you can hit us up on that. Perfect.

All the links are down below. Thanks again, Jacob for coming on. We finally did it.

And thank you.