Once again, the game has changed and getting appointments for your business has become so much easier with Instantly's new feature, the AI Sequence Generator. One of the most important aspects of getting appointments for your business or for your agency is to ensure that your copy is set up for success. And the problem that I see a lot with business owners and agencies, they get roadblocked on copy.

They have a brain dump. They're not copywriters by trade and it becomes really challenging for them to figure out what copy is actually going to generate the appointments that they're desiring. And this causes them to feel frustrated and delay the ability for them to actually get appointments or if they write copy that they think is good, that's not actually converting into appointments and they just stop using cold email in general.

With Instantly's new AI Sequence Generator, these problems are now going to be solved. Let's check it out. All we need to do is log into our Instantly and when we go to our campaigns, all we need to do is add a new campaign.

Let's just call this test campaign. I'm going to click on continue. What we're going to do after we add leads, of course, is we're just going to pop over to sequences and then now what you'll be able to see down below is what we call the AI Generator.

If I click on AI Generator, it's going to ask me a few questions. First question, what is the name of your company? So let's just call test company.

Cool. Continue. What are the details of your offer?

We help plumbers generate five new sales appointments every single week. We do this by using our lead pipe social system and continue. Then let's say our audience is plumbers and HVAC companies.

And then it's going to ask us what are some of the case studies? John's plumbing added $60,000 in new revenue. SD plumbers got 20 appointments in two weeks.

JD plumbers had to hire two new salespeople to keep up with the volume. Continue. And then ask how many steps.

That basically means how many emails do we want to send within the sequence. And then all I have to do is click on generate. What's going to happen is it's going to automatically generate a four step cold email sequence to plumbers with my offer using the answers that I submitted.

And what is automatically doing? It's automatically adding spin tax. It's automatically adding in the company name.

It's automatically adding in what's relevant, like our case studies. And it's automatically adding spin tax to call to actions, adding spin text to the email signature as well. So let's just assume that this is good to go.

I'm going to click on use sequence. It automatically adds the subject line, quick insight for a company name. What I can do is I can click on preview.

Now I can see the preview of the actual sequence. Let's just say first name is John company name is John's plumbing and sending account first name would be whoever you're sending it from, which is based off of your emails. So now what we can see is we added a four step sequence and the email copy is pretty fire in my opinion.

So let's go to step to open this up. Let's just add in the first name of John company name is SD plumbing. Hey there, John, just following up on my previous email, we've seen great success with our lead pipe social system helping companies like JD plumbers hire two new sales people to keep up with the volume interested in learning more than the sending account first name that will come from the emails that you will add in there.

And then the random variable could be like, hey, hi, whatever that's coming from the spin tax. Once you add the leads, then it would add their name, the company name. All we need to do is save it and we can launch the campaign after we add the leads to it.

How about that guys for helping you get appointments that much easier to get started with this, just go to instantly dot AI and use this feature today. This is going to be huge for you. Thanks so much for watching.

We'll see on the next one.