Now, I've seen a lot of times in the Facebook group and in the community, just in general, people desiring for a critique of their cold email and feedback. What we've done is we've trained and built a GBT around some of the best performing campaigns and instantly and a lot of other materials so that it can critique and help you towards what's actually working. This is trained in such a way to give you a critique, a feedback, but also help you take it to the next level.

It's important to note that this will only get you probably like 80, 90% of the way. You still have your own style. You might want it to be using a stronger vocabulary.

How I've set it up for you is that it simplifies. Sometimes that's the hardest thing in email copy, making it extremely simple so people understand what you're trying to say. Now, it might make it too simple and you want to restructure the sentence.

That's completely okay. Our goal here in creating this is to help you build a foundational email template for your campaigns, which you can then test and see what actually performs in your niche. There it is.

This is cold email critique. All you have to do is click this little prompt here and this will help it follow the instructions we've already programmed within it. I went over to the community.

I found some people who wanted some critiques. I'm just going to copy this real quick. It's going to rate on the scales one to 10 and it's going to give the critique of each part.

The more we understand how to break down an email, the more we're going to be able to perform better. So tone, clarity, persuasiveness, engagement. I'm telling you to rewrite it at third to sixth grade reading level because the quicker people can understand, the better.

Here's the rewrite. It says, hey there, do you find Google ads too expensive? I hear many realtors feel the same.

I've got a plan to cut your ad costs in half. If it doesn't work, you don't pay me. I helped another realtor get lots of good leads for only $5 each.

Want to see how? Let me know. I'd say this is like 80, 90% of the weight, but that's much better than what was previously posted.

Let's do another one. We're going to grab this one. You don't even have to tell what to do.

You just feed it to it and it'll automatically go with it. So as you can see, the original one is much longer and this one is 3 cents. It should be still under 75 words.

It looks like. I hope you're doing well. I'm reaching out because I think we can make your company's website even better.

A good website can help you get more people interested in what you do. We've helped other businesses just like yours. They've seen more people visit their site and get excited about their product.

Sorry if this isn't what you need right now, but if you're curious about making your website awesome, let's talk. I'm not super in love with this, but you have to understand how this thing is built is to take what you feed it and it will make it better. It's not taking you all the way to the end of the road of high performing copy, but it's improving and helping you think through what you're doing and where you have areas to improve.

So let's do one more here and then we'll wrap it up. As you can see, that's a pretty long email. Lots of information.

Got a lower rating. And here's a rewrite. Hey, I just saw your website and wow, your men's clothing line Vikings clothes is impressive.

You really know how to dress modern guys with style. Here's something exciting. We help online stores like yours boost their sales by a lot.

We even helped a store in Norway jump from 30 to 80k in sales in just five months using our special AI system. How about a free quick checkup to see how we can do this for you, especially now in Q4. It's much better.

I would still do some tweaks here. I'd provide clarity on what the 30 to 80k in sales is per month. And I would change sales by a lot since it is writing at a third to sixth grade reading level.

Sometimes you have to make sure that it isn't coming across as disingenuous or speaking down to someone. Little tweaks like this. I hope you find this extremely useful.

Spent a lot of time building this and I will continue to critique it in the future. If you open it up and you see other prompts here, just click on them just like you will do with this one and it will help guide you to exactly what I believe users are going to be wanting. And based off of people's feedback, I'll make alterations.

Hope you're doing well and I hope you find a lot of value in this.