Hi there. I was setting up some cold email campaigns and then I thought I might as well record this and share the strategy with you on how to create highly relevant cold email campaigns by scraping B2B emails from Twitter. So what we're going to do is we're going to look at profiles or on Twitter or offers on Twitter that are very similar to our own or kind of it's in the same market.

So we can find people who are in our industry and interested in what we have to offer. So when we send them an email, it's going to be highly relevant. So let's just go for a couple of examples on how we could apply this just to illustrate the point.

So let's say you have an offer targeting accountants. Maybe you're helping accountants with certain software or you have a service for accountants or you help accountants get more clients. You can go to Twitter, just go to the main page and then, you know, search Twitter and you can just type in accountants or let's say accounting.

And then you'll find, you know, there's an interesting profile accounting today, right? Accounting today, independent news and information resource for tax and accounting professionals. So these people that are following this page, they're very interested, you know, they're tax and accounting professionals and they're interested and actively looking, you know, to get better and get better what they do.

So what you can do is just take this URL and then go to Scrape Revert. I recommend Scrape Revert. It's a great tool and it will just go here, just, you know, sign up and then you can click here on Scrape Followers and then just copy paste the profile URL.

Right. So let's say, you know, you want to do target accountants. And then a good way to lead that cold email is to say, Hey, I saw your Twitter profile and I thought I'd reach out.

Right. All these people that are following, obviously they have a Twitter profile. They're probably active too.

And they say, Hey, like they see the preview and the cold email and say, Hey, they found me on Twitter. That's kind of unique. I haven't heard anybody like open up a cold email conversation that way before.

And they're more likely to open the email or to say, Hey, like, yeah, I see that you're following accounting today too. And I thought I'd reach out, right? This could be a first, a good icebreaker, a good first line without having to really personalize each, each line, but it sounds kind of personalized.

So this would be an example of accounting today. Let's say you're targeting real estate agents type in here, real estate. Let's see what comes up real estate marketing tips.

Great. Right. If you're helping real estate agents grow their business, then probably sending these people a cold email and offering them, right?

They're interested in marketing and growing their business and all that. And yeah, your message would be highly relevant to them. Obviously, if you're scraping all this, it won't find like 152 emails.

It won't find it from every single follower of that page, but it will find quite a few depending on the niche. You know, another example, let's say you have a platform, right? You're launching, let's say you're launching a platform for freelancers and then think about, okay, who are your competitors?

So for example, right, Upwork is a marketplace, a platform for independent talent, for contractors, for freelancers. Let's say you were to launch a competitor of Upwork. I think it would be a good move to scrape their followers, get their email addresses and say, Hey, I saw you on Twitter.

I thought I reached out and say, Hey, I saw that you're following Upwork too on Twitter. We recently launched XYZ Market Work Marketplace. And then you pitch your unique value proposition, right?

It's a good way to start a conversation. You know, these people are probably using Upwork or, you know, they're in the market for that. And here you can also see, you might like, it's also like a good way to see other relevant platform.

So there's also Marketplace, right? There's an Upwork competitor. But yeah, you can like look at your competitors and see what you can do there.

Other example, let's say you have a fitness offer, right? You have like a high ticket offer for fitness. You can just type in like, let's say fitness coach.

And then you can see what kind of influencers are in the space. So let's say you have this person here, Rob Nothingbart Fitness is 38,000 followers. They're probably interested, you know, in improving your fitness.

If you have a fitness offer to it, you can cold email them and pitch them your offer. Tell them a little bit more about what you have to offer. Two more examples.

Let's say, you know, you have an offer where you help people with international tax planning, for example. A random example. But I saw this YouTube channel the other day.

It was called Nomad Capitalist. And business helps people with international tax planning. So let's say you have a similar offer to that, right?

They have 50,000 followers. These people are probably interested in that, right? How to plan their taxes, how to optimize that.

And again, you can tell them, hey, saw you on Twitter. I thought I reached out, right? That's a good, like, icebreaker, good entry point.

Then the other one, you know, just another example. And then I'll show you the cold email template that I used for this strategy and method. Let's say you're, you know, you're targeting recruiters.

Maybe you're helping recruiters with something. Maybe you're giving recruiters advice how to grow their business or you have a software for recruiters or whatever your target audience is. But you can just go here, recruiting.

Let's see if we find something good here. College recruiting, USMC recruiting. That also helps like being knowing your market while I was like looking at recruiting earlier and it was called undercover recruiting.

Earlier. Recruiter. Okay.

So yeah, right. This is kind of a profile for recruiters, right? Recruiters follow this content.

And you can, you know, scrape the followers. Just take the URL, put it into scraper bird, scrape followers after, you know, five, 10 minutes. It will show you which email addresses it found from which followers.

And then, yeah, then you have your list. Then what I really recommend also is always to verify your leads before you put them into instantly or before you launch any campaigns with any sending tool. Verify your leads.

Verify your leads. There's a good article on how to do that. We have that in our help section.

So you can either use bulk email checker or a million verifier. So this is just a good best practice with any lead source. You know, if you're using any other lead source, Zoom info, Apollo, any other lead source really that's out there.

Just make sure you verify the leads before you start sending, which minimizes the bounce rate, which really helps with deliverability and keeping the reputation of your sending accounts high. Now. Yeah.

So make sure you verify those leads. And then, yeah, put them into a cold email sending tool. Instantly.

I recommend instantly because I'm the co-founder of instantly and because I also had a lot of great feedback from customers really helps you scale your campaigns without scaling your costs at the same time. So you can send a lot of cold emails without breaking the bank and while getting a lot more positive replies and more positive replies lead to more revenue. So yeah, clean the lead lists.

Then you grab and then just import it into a campaign and then you're ready to go. And now going back to the cold email copy. So you can use something like this.

I use this and right. The first line, you can just say, I saw your Twitter profile and fault. I'd reach out.

Right. Whatever your offer is, you can use this first line and it works really high open rates. People like it.

Right. Because the open rates, they'll see a preview of this and say, hey, like this person saw my Twitter profile. Like what's going on here.

Or you can say, hey, I see that you are following accounting today also. And I thought I'd reach out and then you transition into your pitch. Also what I like to add here.

A couple of people actually DM me and they said, hey, I got your cold email and I thought I'll message you on Twitter. So let's say if you have a Twitter handle and you have some social proof on there, then you can also talk about your Twitter and say, hey, my Twitter handle is this. Feel free to respond there.

Or just reply with no thanks. This is not relevant. Right.

Give them a way to opt out. But if you have a Twitter profile, even better. Right.

This looks even more legitimate, like a real person wrote it and not just a robot. Right. The more human like it feels, the better.

And yeah, the less generic, the better. So yeah, this kind of template I used for this strategy. And then you can also add in a follow up here.

One check to someone else, a company I should be directing this to. It could be potentially saving thousands here. It goes directly to the bottom line.

Whatever like unique value proposition is, you can add it there in the follow up too. But yeah, for you mostly relevant is going to be this. So you tweet the profile and I follow reach out.

And yeah, this is the strategy on how to create highly relevant cold email campaigns. And yeah, let me, I hope that's useful. Hope you get some ideas from it.

Just think about, okay, who are like, what are my customers interested in? Like, where are they hanging out? What are they following?

And then go there, scrape the followers and then reach out to them directly. So that's it with this strategy. I hope that was helpful.

If it was helpful, give it a like or comment below if you have any questions. And I'll see you soon. Thank you.