Hello everyone. Today I am demonstrating how you can use technology filtering to identify businesses that could benefit from your expertise. If you're offering social media management or marketing services or if you're managing a client in this niche.

So I'm going to show how you can find leads with Lead Finder, how to add them to a campaign and how to launch a campaign. And this process will only take a few minutes. So let's get started.

So one of the best ways to identify potential clients is by understanding the digital tools they are already using. If a company is using platforms like Buffer, Monday, Feedly or even Canva, it's a clear sign they value their social media presence. But are they really maximizing it?

And this is where you come in. Now let's talk about the feature of Instantly's Lead Finder. It's a technology filter and instead of manually searching for businesses, you can simply type the name of a popular social media management tool like Buffer here and instantly will then provide a list of businesses using this tool.

It's a fast and efficient way to identify potential leads who already understand the importance of social media but might need your expertise to take it to the next level. And by targeting businesses that already use these tools, you're reaching out to a warm audience. They already invested in social media and you're just offering a way to make their efforts even more effective.

So to demonstrate how this works, I'm going to paste some of the technologies from here in the technology filter like Canva and then get the list of these leads and add them to the campaign. Now that we have a list of technologies here in place and leads, we can further narrow down the search by entering some of other filters like location. I'm going to add the United States.

And also we need to add some job titles here. So it's important to target the right roles. For social media services, we can consider targeting roles like social media manager, digital marketing manager, brand manager or director, head of brand.

Then always you can add CEO, co-founder and similar titles. So now that we have a list of titles here that are related to decision making and social media, we can proceed and add the leads to a campaign. So we can select first the first 500 results, for example.

Lead finder will verify these leads so you don't need to use third party verification tools and you can simply add them to your campaign. So let's create a campaign. Social social media tools users and click add to campaign.

Now while the leads are being verified, we can focus on on the email copy here. And I have the email copy here, so I'm going to paste it. And just one tip when when creating an email copy, focus on the case study and always highlight a relatable case study.

For example, we we helped local brand using Buffer tool, for example, after our strategy implementation, their engagement rate doubled in just three months. This is some example. And this showcases your experience and the measurable results you're bringing.

And I'm just going to quickly format this email copy here. Now assign the email copy with your account name. And let's add a subject line.

And that looks good. Then you can add a few follow ups, a few follow up steps here to remind the prospect about your offer. Then select the schedule.

My leads are based in USA. So I'm going to keep the Eastern time. And then connect a few sending accounts here.

So the more accounts you connect, the higher volume you can send. And that's really everything you need to do to launch your campaign. You can now just simply click on launch and the emails will start sending on autopilot.

So to wrap up, technology filtering is a powerful way for social media management or marketing services to find the right leads. If you want to try it yourself, there's a link to sign up in the description of this video. We will also add the email copy and the list of tag used for this search.

So if you find this video useful, leave a like and subscribe. And thanks for tuning in.