Do you guys wanna hear something insane? My business made more than 99% of all businesses inside of the United States. If that's hard to believe, just think about how I felt.

And there's only one thing that really allowed me to do that, my ability to generate thousands of qualified leads on demand ridiculously fast. So in this video, I'm gonna show you exactly how you can generate leads so fast. You can grow your business at whatever speed your system allows you to.

So when I first started Cold Email, there were some core mistakes that I made that I need to go over with you guys so that you don't make them yourself, as well as you can learn a little bit about what are the biggest mistakes that people are making when it comes to building a system, when it comes to lead gen. So the first things first is I used to blast my lists to everyone. So I'd basically spray and pray thousands of emails to underqualified people.

I would get low responses as a result. And it was just a waste of time with all the effort that I put into it. But that is not the winning formula.

I would also spend hours trying to build lists myself. So I would scrape data myself. I would spend thousands of dollars on different software.

I would manually pull data from specific directories that I would get and add them to a list. And the problem with this too is I couldn't keep up with the volume that I needed to actually have success with Cold Email. Mistake number three was really having a weak offer.

I would try to get my message in front of so many people and my message was, here's what we do. Here's what we do. Here's what we do.

But the reality is people don't care what we do. They care about what they get from the emails. Fourth mistake was neglecting follow-up.

My follow-up system was essentially going through my scent and following up with people or no follow-up system whatsoever. And this really cost me a ton of money as a result because we all know that fortune is for sure in the follow-up. Another mistake I made was just being disorganized with it.

I would have all these different tools, all these different places with all of my lists. I would have this CRM for these types of lists. I would have no visibility into conversations and it was just all scattered.

Like I would have too many different tools. I was spending way too much money and I pretty much lost deals because of that. The sixth mistake I made was having the wrong call to action in my email.

So basically I was just emailing people, trying to get them to book a call, created a bunch of friction, not the way to do it. Another mistake that I was making was I was using lists just one time and I wouldn't repurpose them. So my system was basically, I'm gonna get this list, I'm gonna send my email and I'm gonna hope that they get some responses for it.

And then that list, my mindset was after I used it, it's dead to me. And the last mistake that I made was basically just using my gut as the compass of decisions for what I need to do inside of my business. I would basically say, oh, I think this campaign's getting me good results.

I think I'm getting a lot of responses from this rather than actually looking at data that's important and actually book calls from the results of the campaigns. So what I wanna do is I wanna walk you through the seven figure lead gen system that we've used to scale to multiple seven figures using cold email and how you can literally copy and paste exactly what I do inside of your business so that you no longer make the mistakes that I've made over the last few years. Let's start with list building.

When I first started building lists, I would do this manual. I have 10 different softwares that I would need to pull from and it was a complete mess when it comes to it. But when it actually comes to list building, we need a system that we can get the largest total adjustable market.

It can be targeted. We can have personalization triggers and we know that they're verified. So what I do now is I use a tool like Instalene.

And with Instalene, what I'm able to do is I can select job titles. I'm gonna target human resources, for example, and I want them to be in the United States and I want the company size to be anywhere from zero to 100 employees. And what this will pull up is all of the leads from zero to 100 employees that are in human resources.

Their job title is literally human resources. And the thing I love about this is this uses super search, meaning that it's pulling from all the different softwares and I don't need to use 10 different softwares to find leads. This is the one-stop shop database because it has hundreds of millions of leads that I get access to.

And the best part about this too is once I start actually using these leads, I know that they're verified because they go through a verification process, meaning when I actually send an email to these people, I'm gonna land in their inbox. The second part of the system is automated outreach. So we need something that is sending emails while we sleep.

So instead of doing manual mail merges or copy and pasting your emails, we need something that is automated as well as includes the outcome-driven messages. So what I can do inside of Instalene is I can go to campaigns, I can create a new campaign and I can say something like human resource angle test. And then if I click on continue, then what's automatically gonna populate is my campaigns and my campaign that I just built.

And what I can do is I can really write my emails directly inside of here. It's automatically going to be sending at safe levels so that I know I'm actually gonna land in the inbox of my customer. The third part of the system is the automated follow-up.

So once we write the emails for who we're targeting, what we're able to do is write three follow-up messages. And at the end of this, guys, I'm gonna show you exactly how this ties together. So I'm able to write all my follow-up emails.

I can add the days in between emails. If I wanted, let's just call it two days after each email is sent, I wanna follow up. The next part of this is the scalable response management.

With Instalene, what I love is they have what's called the Unibox. And all of the messages sent from all of our emails go into one Unibox. And what it does is it uses AI to automatically categorize them from interested to maybe they're out of office, whatever the response could be.

And it's really easy for me directly inside of Instantly to quickly respond, categorize them, and be able to book meetings directly inside of the Unibox without having 10 different places that responses are going to. The next part of the system is lead organization. So when somebody actually responds to our outcome-driven message and they're like, yep, I want more information on what it is that you have to offer, then how do we actually keep track of them?

How do we organize them? What we use is we just use the CRM that's already built in, meaning they already have buckets for each category of the leads that we've been targeting. So if somebody gets flagged as interested, then they're automatically gonna go to the interested bucket.

And then what we're able to do is see all of the people who are interested, maybe a meeting booked, maybe they're out of the office, whatever it could be, and they'll automatically be categories inside of our CRM so we know exactly who the hot leads are and who we need to follow up with so that we can actually close more deals as a result. The next part of this system is simply data and intel. We need to get obsessed with data that matters because if we don't have data, if we don't know how we're actually doing when it comes to our cold emails, we're never going to have success because we don't have that four, we don't have that barometer, we don't have that gauge, we don't have anything to actually test from.

But with Instantly and their analytics platform, we're able to see how many were sent, what's the reply rate, how many opportunities per campaign. And we can get really, really granular by the success of our campaign, which in turn is going to give us the data that we need in order to make informed decisions going forward. So guys, if we do not have a cold email system, we're going to have a really tough time scaling with cold email because if it's all over the place, if it's disorganized, if it's really difficult to use, that's going to create so much friction between you and getting results for your business.

So it is paramount for us to have a system in place that we can scale from. Systems run the business, people run the systems. If we don't have a system in place, it's going to be near impossible to actually get results with cold email.

Now, what I want to do is I want to talk about AI and how you can leverage AI to get better data as well as send personalized messages. So before AI, what I would basically do is I would export all of my leads into a spreadsheet and I would write personalized lines at scale. And then as AI was starting to be introduced, like ChachiBT, I was able to use other different plugins to plug into my Google sheet to write the line for me.

The problem with this is it's so many steps. It took forever. The prompts weren't always great.

And it was just another cost added to me that wasn't in line or wasn't consistent with what I was actually using. It wasn't simplifying my system whatsoever. But now leveraging AI for personalized messages and getting data on the customers is now easier than ever.

So inside of Instantly, what I'm able to do is I'm able to do two different things. First things first is AI enrichment. So if I pull that same list that I have, if I click on find emails, what I can do is I can go ahead and find the first 25 emails.

And what it's going to do is it's going to give me a fully enriched profile. So it's going to find and verify the emails, not just off of the database that's inside of Instantly, but across multiple databases, ensuring that we're getting the most amount of leads and we're making sure that they're the best quality leads because quality over quantity wins. And what it's going to do is it's going to enrich their profile, meaning it's going to find their name, find their contact headline on LinkedIn.

It's going to find their contact summary from LinkedIn, their job level, department, the industry, sub-industry, company description, company website, company size, how many connections that they have, all data that not only will be able to use for lead intel, but for personalization. And this goes even further, guys. If I go ahead and click on enrich again, what I can do is I can use even more triggers to enrich it.

So I could find out what technologies that company is using. I can find if there's any news that the company has been a part of. I can find if there's any funding the lead has been a part of.

I can find out if that company has any job listings that I can leverage. This is all paramount data in order for us to write better emails so that we can land in the inboxes and actually get responses, grow our business at scale. Not only that, we can use the AI web research agent, which will basically go on their website and pull information and allow us to write personalized lines based off that.

We can use the AI email agent. So what I'm going to do as an example is I'm going to enrich the job listings because I pulled people in human resources. So I'm going to just say my offer is, hey, we're going to help them get new recruits for the jobs that they have listed.

And let's just say I'm a job recruiter. They can click on job listings. I'm going to go ahead and click on update and run.

And what this will do is it'll create a column with all the job listings that company has listed. And if we're targeting human resources people, then we know that they're in charge for the hiring for the most part. So with enrichment, there is so much data that we can pull that we can then leverage for what the next thing is, which is AI personalized lines.

So let me show you exactly how it works. So if I go ahead and click on add column, I can go ahead and click on use AI. Then what I can do is I can write a prompt based off of the data that I've enriched.

I'm going to say using the job list column, write me a first line, like sorry, you're hiring for X rule and cite on that rule that only people are familiar with would know. Make it one sentence, short, direct to the point, make it relatable, talk about the industry, talk about the talent acquisitions for the industry, et cetera. And what this is going to do is it's going to leverage ChatGPT to write the prompt using the information from the job listings and automatically write my first line.

So if I go ahead and click on generate and generate the first 25 leads and what it will do is it will write the first line for the person that we're emailing. Sorry you're hiring for an installation technician, finding skilled hands-on pros in this field of stuff, but it's great to see you investing in the talent for such a critical role and keeping things running smoothly. That would take me a long time in order to do that myself.

Then what we can do is we can basically remove any that don't have the personalized lines so we can leverage the personalized lines. We're assuming that you have more than 25 leads on there. Remove everybody who does not have the job listings because that's not who we want to target.

Then what we can do is we can move these leads to a campaign for the campaign that we just built. Then once we go to our campaign, what we'll be able to do is we'll be able to actually write our sequence. So now what we can do is we can now write the email using the system that I talked about, which is outcome-driven messages, which means that they're going to get qualified recruits.

And we can go ahead and schedule this bad boy to go out. So when I preview it, we'll be able to see, hi, Denise, start your hand for an installation tech, finding skills, hands-on pros in this field. But it's great to see you investing in talent for such a critical role.

We help companies find qualified recruits in 30 days using our recruitment funnel. We just help John's co-recruit 20 new people without having to spend hours. I shoot you a video on how it works.

So now what we're able to do is we're able to have our outcome-driven message that's going to be sent on autopilot using Instantly. And we can automate our follow-ups. Everything is done completely automatic while we sleep.

Now, once we write this, all we need to do is go ahead and click on launch and everything is going to work while we get to work on things that matter in our business, which is working on our business. All the leads are going to go to the Unibox. We're going to see all the campaign analytics, all completely automated, all completely hands-off, all with the best data possible, which is going to increase the likelihood of you actually getting leads and actually growing your business.

Look, and this system has been tried and true. I've tried every different methodology, every different hack out there, everything that you can think of to try when it comes to cold email. This is a complete game changer, not only for myself, but the thousands of people already following this exact same system for their cold email.

So guys, if you're serious about generating leads and growing your business, you need to stay on track with the newest and best technology out there. And if you don't, you're probably going to get left behind while your competition actually is the one taking advantage of it. So if you click on the video on the screen, I will share with you exactly how lead generation is changing.

As well as the best tools and strategies that you can be using to scale your business as quickly as it can possibly scale. I'll see you over there.