By the time you've watched this video, you'll never have to worry about getting clients again. And no, this isn't gonna be me telling you to use paid ads or spend hours reaching out to prospects. I'm talking about booking qualified appointments for your social media marketing agency, leveraging a simple proven process that works every time to potentially book hundreds of calls a month for your business.

So first thing that we want to do when creating our AI outbound funnel is we need a large list of leads. So what we're going to do is we're gonna go to instantly.ai and we're gonna go to their lead finders. We can literally search by job title.

We can search by location. We can search by industry, employees, revenue, keywords, domains. In this scenario, we're gonna pretend like I am an SMMA for plumbers and I do lead gen for them.

So you can kind of get an idea of how exactly you could do it for your niche and for your business. And when it comes to finding leads, we wanna make sure that our total addressable market is large. We need a list of at least 10,000 people that we can reach out to.

So in this case, if we go to campaigns, we can click add new. We can say AI outbound funnel v1. And then we can continue.

So in this case, I'm gonna click on import. I'm gonna use lead finder. And all I'm going to do is add to campaign.

I'm gonna find AI outbound funnel v1. I'm gonna go ahead and add them to the campaign. Now it's time to write a personalized line using AI.

If we select one of the leads, we can click on this little button here that says AI prompts. And once we click on AI prompts, we're gonna have a ton of different templates that we can choose that is literally connected to our chat GPT. So we can write personalized lines at scale.

Let's just use a general unique opening sentence. So if we click on that, we have the lead selected. We're gonna select the input as the website.

And the prompt is a prompt to generate a general unique opening liner for cold email, utilizing information from either a LinkedIn profile or a company website. So if we go ahead and generate test output, we can just make sure it's good. If John's plumbing truly values integrity and has a stellar reputation, let's connect sounds great.

So now we're gonna click on generate for all leads, which will go ahead and create the column for the AI prompt that we just created for all the leads that we have in here. So as you can see here, we have a column with all of the personalized lines that are unique and specific to them. So after the AI personalized lines have been written for our niche, now what we need to do is we need to create the outbound email.

So we need to send them a message that is going to hit on their pain points, that's going to speak to what matters to them and allow you to communicate your offer and how you're able to be that painkiller for the business that you're reaching out to. So now what we need to do is we need to go back to instantly, we're gonna go to our sequences and we're gonna go ahead and write our email. So I went ahead and pre-written this, but what I'm going to do is I'm gonna explain the theory around this email and why this is going to work so well for you.

So from a subject line perspective, we have hi, first name. This is an opener that's going to make it not appear like a marketing email. I see so many people do something like quick question or how to get five to 10 new qualified appointments in the subject line, whereas if I'm a business owner and I see that, that's going straight to my trash folder.

So what we want to do is we want to make it seem like it's a actual personal email that we're sending to them. So how we do that is simply in the subject line, just making it hi, first name. Then the first line is going to be the general unique opening sentence, which is the AI generated personalized line that we're able to generate simply through instantly's campaign.

And then we want to go in with the offer with the unique mechanism. So we help plumbers get five to 10 new qualified set appointments every week using our pipe drive lead gen funnel. So here we're sharing the desired outcome that's going to catch the attention of a plumber.

And we have a unique mechanism of how we do it. That's creative, that's fun, that's niche specific. The reality is that when we're doing messaging like this, when we're doing outbound, it's all about messaging and it's all about timing and it's all about volume.

Then what we want to do is we want to kind of add on to our offer as well as talk about the pain points that your offer is going to solve. So we'll even set up the appointments with your team so you don't have to follow up and slave over converting them because we know that plumbers, you know, they take a lot of time following up with people and trying to convert them. Your offer can solve that pain point.

That's where you want to make that clear. The fourth line that we wrote was the guarantee. If it doesn't work, then we'll work for free until it does.

What is the guarantee that you can back that can get them excited and intrigued to actually jump on a call? Then we have the call to action, which is I recorded a brief video to show exactly how it works. Could I send it over to you?

So it's not necessarily going in for the kill right away. What's going to be really good is to lead with value. Then what we want to do is we want to have two other emails to follow three days later.

So, hey John, following up on my last message about getting some predictable appointments, what we want to do next is add in a case study. We just helped John's appointment get 50 new appointments last month, which allowed them to hire a new salesperson and drop their advertising to $0 with an average cost per appointment being $75. But if we can be really particular, really clear on our case study, that's going to, again, pique the interest of somebody.

That's what we want to do. And then call to action up for a convo for a company name. Then we will have another email.

Three days later, that's going to be last touch base here. Our predictable set appointments, something you're looking for. So dream outcome, asking a question.

No worries. If not, I can stop emailing. If interested, reply yes, and I'll shoot over my calendar.

Cheers, Austin. That is the outbound email. So we have the leads.

We have the AI personalized lines. And now we've set up the campaign. Now what it's time to do, it's time to monitor and analyze.

So as far as launching goes, what we want to do is we want to go ahead and launch the campaign. I always uncheck the stop on auto reply. From a schedule perspective, I usually just do Monday through Friday from the time zones that are realistic for me to monitor.

And then I go ahead and click launch. And the beauty of instantly is we can literally see our analytics. We can see how many emails that we've sent in any given time, how many emails a day, how many opens, how many reply rates, et cetera, et cetera.

It's really data rich, which allows us to figure out what's actually going to work well. We will have a unibox where we can literally monitor all the leads simply in one inbox. So it's not like we're sending a bunch of messages and they're going back to our regular email accounts.

We're literally just monitoring it here. Has a CRM here so we can see how many people are in fact interested, how many meetings were booked, how many deals we closed. Then when it comes to analytics and seeing what's actually working well, we want to make sure that we're continuing to test.

Just because we're sending one campaign does not mean that it's automatically going to get us a ton of leads. We want to test multiple campaigns, test multiple angles in order to figure out what's going to work best. Now what I want to do is I want to talk about what sort of realistic results and how to actually get this rocking and what that would look like for you and your business.

So from a results perspective, let's just say we have a addressable market or leads of 10,000 people that we can reach out to within Instantly's Lead Finder. So in order to support this, we would need to create 20 inboxes because each inbox that we set up can handle about 50 emails per day. So this would give us capacity to send 30,000 emails every single month because like we just did in the copy, we're going to send three emails to the list of 10,000 people.

So if we assume, let's just say a two to 10% reply rate, then we should expect to get conservatively around 1,500 replies from the 10,000 leads that we're reaching out to. Of the 1,500 replies, we could expect around 300 positive replies saying, yeah, send me the video or yes, I'm interested. We should conservatively be able to book 60 booked calls.

From that with a 10 to 20% close rate, we should be able to close anywhere from six to 12 deals every single month for your SMMA. And these numbers are very dependent on your offer, your sales ability, your copy that you're writing. In the volume that you're able to send as we just saw here.

All right, y'all. So now that you know the funnel to use in order to predictably get new appointments for your SMMA and grow it and close deals using this AI outbound funnel that will absolutely crush for you. Go ahead and click on this video right here that will show you A to Z how to use cold email for your business, set it up, set up the domains and much, much more guys.

Thanks so much for watching. If you liked the video, please give it a thumbs up. And if you haven't already, please be sure to subscribe to the channel.