Every single minute that a lead has to wait for your response, the lower the chances are of them working with you. And for most people, managing responses from leads is tough because sometimes your inbox can be a mess due to the sheer volume of messages you're receiving on a daily basis. In this video, I'm going to reveal to you how to get AI to manage your email inbox so that you can save hours every single week by not needing to manually manage your inbox.

You need to be reaching out to them quick. Let's say that you have 20 Gmail accounts that have to click into every single one and see if someone was interested. In Instantly AI, they have a unibox.

So this already centralizes a lot of the responses, but let's say you're getting hundreds of responses every single day. If you want to turn on the AI responder feature, what you have to do is go to your settings and under preferences, there's a AI inbox manager and you just have to click this button to turn it on. Once you have the AI inbox management turned on, I'm going to show you the old way of checking your inbox, but here's this fictitious thing selling jelly beans and AI manager responded saying, that's great to hear.

I would suggest we jump on a brief call to sort through this quickly. The best part about this feature is it really simplifies the process. That's how you have an AI manage your email inbox.

The software that I use is actually within Instantly as well. When you go to the unibox next to inbox, you can click CRM and it will show you all of the interested leads right there. You can also use this tool to warm up domains, scrape leads and set up cold email campaigns.

If you're interested in learning more or you want to actually implement this into your process, check out the link in the description and also click on this video. If you want to learn more about Instantly AI, we've put together a complete tutorial on how to use it to land more clients. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.