Welcome everybody to another episode of cold emails hot takes. Today I have Marco on the podcast. Marco, it's great to have you on the pod today.

Thanks for having me, man. Excited. Yeah, great.

Marco is the CEO and founder of Remote Synergy. He's one of those rare people who have not only mastered the outbound game, but also the high ticket closing game. So I've seen with my own two eyes how he won't call close the $15,000 high ticket deal just over Zoom.

And I want to focus today's conversation on cold email tactics and systems, but also especially how to turn a positive reply into a client. What's the A to Z process from someone simply replying with a, hey, yes, please tell me more. Yes, I'm interested to actually wiring over the money, right?

And signing the contract. Marco, just real quick for the viewers, listening. Can you give them a little bit of background about yourself and what you do?

Yeah, absolutely. So on a high level, kind of the short version of long story, I'm an entrepreneur out of Ontario, Canada, more specifically, the Niagara Falls area for those watching who know where that is. Most importantly, I'm a husband to my wife, Becky.

We got a little baby on the way, which is exciting. So I'll be a father in the future. But from a professional standpoint, for the last five or six years, I've specialized in helping B2B high ticket businesses, marketing agencies, tech, SaaS, install world-class sales teams.

So I work with various different seven figure, eight figure companies, companies, and just helping them really build that outbound infrastructure and install a sales development team as well to scale their businesses. So I've been in pretty well every role. Started back in the day, to be honest, in the fitness industry, I went to school for a brick and mortar gym owner.

Within a very short period of time, I realized I was a fitness professional. I wasn't necessarily a business professional. So I was forced to kind of act quick on my feet and develop the skills needed to allow my business to do well.

And actually, to be honest, just keep the doors open. And in that process, I developed a ton of skills from the ground up, starting with a sales development role, mastering the other prospecting, just trying to be the best at that particular role, graduating into more of like you said, a closer role account executive, really sharpening my skills in the sales department, and then eventually being able to leverage those skills to build teams in different B2B companies. So that's where I found my real passion, which is scaling sales teams for other companies.

And over the last, like I said, five or six years now, that's what I've been specializing in and working with companies all over the world to do so. Okay, great. Awesome.

All right, let's jump into the question. So I remember one concept made me laugh, but you were the first person I heard it from was called diaper days. And basically, it's just the back, just back to back calls when you have like your calendars packed with calls, you don't even have time to get up and go get, go get something to eat, go, go to the bathroom or whatever, because you're so busy, you have so many calls, you're doing so much closing.

I'd be interested to hear like, what kind of systems need to be in place in order for calendars to always be fully stacked? Like what is your outbound prospecting strategy to get to those back to back call days? So it's actually a relatively simple, granular moving parts, kind of a 30,000.

Funny enough, is we actually do really leverage instantly. So when we started our sales process, and our outbound process in order to drum up the initial company, but for clients that we work with, is we start by leveraging instantly. And this is where we're testing message resonance, offer resonance.

And we're doing a lot of the heavy lifting that needs to be done prior to bringing on a sales development rep or anything or any team member. It's not their job to come in and do that and test that and make that work for you. It's your job to test and validate those things.

But as a founder, wearing many hats, it's very difficult to do and to keep those prospecting efforts up to where they need to be in order to be effective. So we leverage instantly in some automation to initially get that resonance and to start generating one to three calls per day. And once we see that that process is working, then we bring on a team member, a sales development rep, or more of a marketing response to manage that process and manage that tool for us.

And then as we start gaining that traction, that's where we start to scale the outbound team. So we bring on those sales development reps to launch their own campaigns in parallel to leveraging things like instantly and automation. So we're able to kind of get the best of both worlds in our outbound department.

We'll probably book three to five calls from instantly per day. And then we can match that as well with the sales development representatives as well. So kind of have the best of both worlds working at the same time to double the efficiency.

And then we actually have this other thing that we do, which is called the setter efficiency loop. So essentially what we do is we use a human being, a sales development rep to go in and revisit anybody that's put their hand up, that's opened emails various times, and we have them hit those people up very hyper-personalized in order to just really squeeze the most of the contacts and really drive that efficiency. After that, as call volume continues to increase and we start to get that influx in calls, as you can imagine, that then becomes a constraint with our bandwidth.

And that's when we would scale the sales team at that point, the closers. Okay, got it. When you start getting the positive replies either from the outbound prospecting, from the SDR, how do you go about turning a positive reply into a meeting, a discovery call?

Like, what does that, like, okay, they raised their hand, now you want to get them on a call. How do you go about it? What's the best way to go about it?

Yeah, great question. So there's two huge things that we focus on, like two very simple things, but are so crucial and they're oftentimes overlooked. The first one is response time.

So your conversion rate significantly jumps if you can respond to your positive replies within five to 10 minutes. Now we set up a zap or a trigger in a, notify us when we have any type of response. And we make sure that we're on those replies, like right away, like I said, within minutes.

And not only that, specific type of language and email in order to, to draw people into a call. So the traditional way to like respond to somebody that, that shows interest in what you have to offer is to be very assumptive, be very salesy and to assume that you can help them to assume that it's a match made in heaven, everything like that. Whereas we actually take more of a skeptical, curious frame when booking somebody in, which actually draws them in and it allows them to be more open-minded to jumping on a call and kind of hearing things out and seeing how we may be able to help each other.

So the combination of one having a very, very quick reply rate, reply time, and then also using that more curious to actually draw people in as opposed to repel them. Okay. But what's some type of wording you use to draw them in where you have more like that skeptical, that curiosity type of tone, like what's the wording that you use?

Mm-hmm. So in the initial email, obviously it's more personalized, it's more structured, very similar to have you guys have spoken on some of your other content. We follow a lot of the same frameworks.

And that's more to get the interest, right? And that's pretty much making the claim that we've helped folks who are similar profile to yourself, but having said that, we don't know yet if we can help you, right? That's kind of that follow-up process is we don't know if we can help you.

We're not going to assume we can. We've helped others similar to yourself, but having said that, we'd love to explore it for you. All right.

So regardless, we're going to make sure that the call's valuable either way, but we, we, by no means assume that we can help or anything like that. Okay. Interesting.

Yeah. That's kind of a completely different than the usual salesy approach of, of just saying what you'll find is, yeah. And you'll find when doing that is like, prospects will be more, they'll kind of let the guard down.

They'll, you know, be more open to speaking. It's less of a salesy engagement. It's more of a, how can two entrepreneurs kind of sync up and collaborate to see if we can potentially help each other.

It's just much more open to having a call. Interesting. And so once you have that meeting booked, the book, then how do you go about closing the deal, you know, and turning that positive, positive reply into like a five, 10, you know, like five, 10, 10 K or even five figure close.

Like how, how does that transition happen? Like, like what does the process from meeting to close look like? So because it's lead, we try to groom them and prime them as much as we possibly can between the time that they book the call and the time we conduct the call, which is usually within 24 to 48 hours.

We do, we try to avoid booking anything outside of that window because it's significantly lowers show up rates, close rates and everything like that. So first things first is making sure we're getting them on the 48 hours. Second thing is in that time, what are we doing?

Well, we're, we're nurturing them content. We're taking a deeper dive under the hood of their company and we're saying, okay, this is something, these are some assets that we feel would be very useful to them. And we send two types of videos to prep them.

One is a expectation videos in terms of just some housekeeping rules. And then the other thing is a warmup and belief breaking video. So what we'll do in that is we'll weigh in on some of the alternative things that they can do in order to solve their problem about building a sales team and prospecting.

And then we, we just kind of weigh in on the pros and cons of some of the alternative options in comparison to us. And we position ourself ahead of time as more of the ideal solution for them. And then we kind of leave that off with a bit of a cliffhanger, meaning the advisor that they're going to be speaking to is going to elaborate on that process.

So we're grooming them. We're doing everything we can to position ourselves ahead of time as the best and only option. And then we also do a lot of the heavy lifting prior to the call.

So we could spend much more time focused on them rather than us. Now, the call itself is broken into like a very effective framework that we've developed over the years. So it's a very front loaded sales call in the sense that we're big believers that the sales made in the beginning of the call, not necessarily at the end.

An analogy that I tell my sales team all the time is if you're on a date and you're trying to get the good night kiss on your way out, no slick pickup line is going to seal the deal for you. The date itself needs to be well executed. You need to pull the chair out for your date.

You need to take their coat. You need to hold the door open for them. You're not going to the same thing goes for a sales sales call.

No slick rebuttal or objection executed sales call. The sales calls the sales made at the beginning of the call, not the end. So the framework that we use is we first open up with an engagement phase, okay, like a discovery.

And in that discovery, we focus on several different categorized questions. So the first thing that we're doing is we're gathering the facts and we're, we're really just honing in on their, uh, their current situation. Okay.

So we're just gathering Dr. Wood understanding their current situation. The second thing we do is we now find the desired situation and we think of these as two bookends, right?

The desired is the first bookend or sorry, the current is the first bookend and the desired is the second bookend. Now, what we need to do is we need to widen that gap as much as we possibly can. And the way we do that is by now moving into deriving problems.

Okay. And we derive problems and challenges. We want to really figure out and uncover what's preventing them from going from point A to point B.

Okay. Once we derive maybe one to three to four problems, then we start to, um, explore any solutions or any things that they would have in the past to solve these, if anything. So what have they tried in the past to solve this?

Have they tried anything in the past and so on. Okay. After that, we move into more of a consequence.

Okay. So the consequence is acknowledging the cost of inaction. So this is where you're at.

This is where you want to be. These are the problems stopping you from getting there. What's the cost of inaction.

This is something that every salesperson knows, but it's so oftentimes overlooked and skipped by asking these types of questions. It's very sleazy, but truth be told is if there's no consequences, no action, the person being chased by tiger is always going to outrun the guy that's not right. So very, very, very important.

Um, and then afterwards, once we weigh in those consequences, then we move into those qualification questions, which is more of the traditional, like, you know, your budget, your buying authority, are you serious about doing this now versus later those types of things. So you can see, it's like very comprehensive in comparison to like some of the more older styles of selling where you would just kind of figure out where they're at. And then you go right into those qualification type questions.

We have a series of category, categorized questions that we move in, in a specific order in order to really build up that urgency and build that gap. So once we kind of move through that phase, which is probably to be honest, 75% of the sales call, um, we, we, with their permission, we transition into a solution. That solution is typically three to five points that are directly tied into the challenges that they said they had.

Okay. And then once they're bought into that solution, we'll then shift into more of a vehicle, where we're discussing the deliverables, the actual, what the specs and everything like that. And then if all investment.

All right. So sorry, Mark, you just cut off for like two, three seconds. Can you repeat that last part?

Yep. So once we're through the method and the solution, um, then we transition into the vehicle, which is more of the, what specs, the deliverables, um, the actual offer itself. And then if all that checks out, then we'll move into the investment.

Okay. Gotcha. And you know, how can high ticket B2B founders go about creating a compelling sales deck and sales script right now?

You already like talked about how to structure it, but do you also have like a sales deck? Do you show something? Do you share your screen at all?

Like what's the best way to go about that in the B2B context? Like we're talking over zoom, like here, but do you show your screen at all? Yeah, it's great.

It's fantastic question. And my answer to that is there has never been more sales training and methods and this and that out there. Um, the two things that I would look for when you're building at your sales process is does it work?

Meaning it's actually effective and you can close at, let's say on the low end 30 to 40 and two, is it repeatable? Okay. And the reason I say that is because almost every client that we work with, when we go into their business, they believe that their sales is dialed in and that they can just go and get more closers and more salespeople.

And then we look under the hood and we realize that there no two sales calls are the same, meaning this whole time they've been scratching their head, wondering, you know, why can't it close or come in and replicate my success? I seem to be closing everything they can't. And the truth be told is because they don't have a repeatable standardized process that somebody else could use in order to duplicate their success.

So the answer to that question is there's tons of different sales trainings out there. A lot of them, there's not, you know, everyone claims to be better than the last. Um, but truth be told is a lot of them do work and you just need to find a process that aligns with you the most.

And then you need to create it around your business, um, validate it yourself as a founder, as at the leadership level prior to expecting somebody else to use it. Um, making sure that you can close deals at that 30 to 40% at whatever close rate or at whatever, um, price point you're expecting others to close that. And, uh, and then you can roll it out.

So, um, I think the important thing here, Nils is, is, is it can't be super circuitous. It can't be something that will take somebody else months, if not years, to become proficient. When you're working in a, in a sales environment, that's typically a, a heavy commission only model.

Um, if not pretty damn close to it. Um, Um, it's important for a sales person to be able to come in and get results really quickly. And if it takes them months and years to become proficient in the sales process that you're rolling out for your team, then outside of the window in which you can kind of keep somebody happy and keep somebody earning for them and their family, paying their bills and so on.

So super important, um, for you to have a, a process that one could become proficient in within a relatively short window. I got it. And yeah, that's basically right.

The structure and the script comes in that way, the new people can like get results. Uh, for exactly. And then touch on your, your, uh, question about the, the actual sales slides and deck.

Um, I also think that's super important as well. When it comes to building out a good deck, I think what's important is to make sure it's congruent with what you're speaking to. I see some people, they've got the things that are completely unrelated to what they're currently talking about up on the screen.

Um, and I think a good rule of thumb is more is less. So make it very benefit rich. Keep it very, keep what's on the screen.

Minimal. Um, if you've got too much for somebody to look at, what happens is their eyes start to wander and they're spending more time reading the screen as opposed to listening to what you're saying. So it's much more important for them to hear the words coming out of your mouth, as opposed to visually trying to get ahead of the game and, and read every little thing that you got on the screen and look at every little picture.

I think, uh, simplicity scales here and less is more when it comes to your sales deck. So congruency between what you're showing visually and what you're speaking about is, is, is the big takeaway there. Got you.

And so once you have the system and the process in place and you know, okay, this process works actually, you know, converts, how do you go about growing the team? How do you go about building that remote sales team, finding talent, talent, like how do you find them in the first place? And then what's a good way to onboard them and making sure that, you know, in two, three weeks or whatever timeframe they, they bring in the results.

Yeah, that's a great question. And this is a, perhaps like our bread and butter here. So the thing is, so hiring and recruiting is a lot like dating in the sense that you first need to understand what's important to you and your business and your values and everything like that prior to going out and getting into the dating world.

So same thing with recruiting is you need to first understand who that ideal candidate is in the first place. So many people come to me and they're like, Marco, like, where do I find salespeople? Well, what, who is it that you're trying to find in the first place?

So really mapping out that ideal candidate profile, what we call the ICP. So doing exercises such as like role specific scorecards, understanding your culture and values and, and really drawing up who this ideal person would look like in the first place. And then once you have full clarity on who that person is, that will dictate the rep traffic source.

Okay, so if it's this particular person, maybe that means I'm going to find them on Facebook, maybe that means I'm going to find them through my customer base. Maybe that means I'm going to find them through LinkedIn job boards, ethical poaching strategies, there's a million one places that you could find your sales reps. But the truth be told is that ICP is what dictates the source.

Okay, so to use go back to my dating analogy, it's the same thing, right? If you first understand who it is that you would ideally like to date, that's going to tell you, are they hanging out at the coffee shop? Are they hanging out at the nightclub?

Are they hanging out at the library? It's going to give you a better indication on first where to search for them. Then what you need to do is you need to actually know how to go about doing that.

Okay, so if I'm going to recruit somebody maybe from my customer base, how do I go about doing that? If I'm going to recruit somebody from a Facebook group, how do I properly create a compelling job posting that's going to stick out from all the noise out there? And it's going to portray my the value of my company and position me as a professional brand.

So that's kind of the next step is one is understanding who the ICP is, then it's understanding the actual source and the best place to find that individual, then it's how do we go about actually doing that and executing that product. What we do is, is like you're familiar with, we've talked in the past is you then want to route them to a branded recruiting mechanism. So what a branding recruiting mechanism does, is it leverages your personal brand and values in order to properly portray the opportunity and what you have to offer to these candidates.

So a lot of recruiters right now they're leveraging their own brand, but then they're trying to plug people into other companies. And what's happening is it's creating miss, miss hires, it's just a very expensive sloppy mess. Whereas the best, the best way to do excuse me, is to leverage your own branding in order to attract others alike that are going to be a right fit for your business specifically as opposed to somebody else's.

And this is going to increase the chances of a quality hire. In terms of onboarding, again, it's, it's, we want to be able to ramp somebody up in a fraction of the time and have them pick KPI. The only thing that's going to cost somebody more money than a miss hire is, is a prolonged ramp period.

Okay, the longer it takes somebody to hit KPI and hit their numbers, the more money it's going to cost you as a founder. So we create various different documented processes. And again, this is the importance of having a standardized repeatable sales process.

Other people can be plugged into because they're going to be able to come in and replicate that success fall. The ground running and ramp up in a fraction of time. So using a lot of, you know, video and written training, very intimate amount of handholding in the beginning, you know, people will argue that and say, you know, it's not scalable, but the truth be told is, is a new hire needs a lot of love in those initial seven to 14 days.

You know, no different than a customer can have remorse, a salesperson can as well. So it's very important to spend the time with them, make sure that they have everything they need, make sure they're set up properly. And again, just it's, it's just about plugging somebody into a process that you already know that works, enforcing that process, and they're going to be able to ramp within a short period of time.

Got it. And then once they're, you know, they're ramped up, they're already producing, how do you keep that sales team motivated and performing? Like, how do you make sure everybody is, is going full throttle all in at all times?

So do you have like, any tips or tricks that you can share? Yeah, for sure. So there's, there's two things, there's two ways to answer that question.

The, the simple response is we do something called the alignment call. The alignment call is taking the time at the, at the point of onboarding to understand what makes this individual. A common mistake that a leader will make is they'll assume that what motivates themselves motivates their team.

And that's just not the case, right? You can all be bought into the same values and the same vision, which is crucial, but that doesn't mean on the individual level, you're going to have the same personal goals. So you first need to understand like, what is it that each team member on your team tech and what motivates them and what their why is.

And then what you can do is you can, you can hold them accountable to their personal goals. And whenever there's, you know, they're not meeting the standards of performance, or maybe they're in a slump or whatever, you can revisit something that's going to motivate them specifically, as opposed to just cracking the whip and hoping that what you're saying is going to resonate with your team. So I always say there's, there's sales teams that are led by fear and whip cracking, and then there's sales teams that are led by, you know, respect and everybody wanting to do well for each other.

And both work, but only one will last. And that's, that's something that a lot of people learn the hard way. But it's just the truth, right?

So that's kind of the bandaid fix, the kind of quicker fix. Another thing I created a few years back though, Nils is what I call the sales management quadrant. So when I was shifting from becoming an account executive, a top performer, to a sales manager, I needed to understand how to make that transition and how to get the most out of my team.

So when I really kind of took a step back and I said, Okay, what? Well, as much as there was a ton of moving parts, it really boiled down to two things, my activity and my state. Okay, it was always my activity in my state.

And this is what I believe differentiated both myself and then a lot of the top for the years, and pretty well everybody else, is how did we consistently hit top numbers month in and month out and not just be kind of, you know, that month's poster boy. And, you know, maybe I hit a big month, one month, and then the next month, I've fallen off the face of the earth, nobody knows where I am. And it really boils down to activity and state.

So activity is more like kind of around, you know, just obviously higher inputs, right, higher inputs, more prospecting, more studying more training, always sharpening my skills, that's kind of activity. Now state refers to more of like making sure that my head's on straight, right, making sure I'm controlling my environment, I got low emotional variance, I'm up to date on my health and taking. Right.

So as much as there's a ton of different things that that I believe made me successful in sales, if I had to really boil it down, it was activity and state. And that's actually the case with a lot of the sales people I've trained as well. So knowing that to kind of be true, that I'm going to be a sales manager, what are the levers I can pull in order to get the most out of my sales team activity and state.

So now I'll set my my levers went from being those two things to now being organization and motivation. Okay, so organization refers to like just having dialed in processes, right. So standard operating procedures are all in check.

I got well defined. I got all my tracking dialed in, I got all my dashboards dialed in, I'm up to date on my reporting and my projections, I'm constantly doing things like coaching and training, I'm running my sales meetings, these kind of all fall into that umbrella of organization. Okay.

And now the second lever I could pull as a manager is motivation and kind of like inspiration, I guess you could say, right. So this is things like your leadership ability, right. Earning, respecting trust from your team, being somebody that will hold people accountable, incentives, okay, fostering healthy competition, always checking the pulse on your team, this kind of goes under that motivation umbrella.

So the cool thing about this quadrant that I've mapped out here is these two levers are directly correlated with the two levers of the salesperson. So by having better organization as a salesperson, I can ensure that my sales team is going to overall have better activity. And by being a better leader and having better motivation and inspiration, I could keep my sales teams head on straight and make sure that their states in check.

So they all intertwine and they all kind of crisscross. And by pulling these two levers as a manager, it will allow me to get the most out of those two things. I genuinely believe are strong factors in a good salesperson.

Got it. Well, one of the last questions I'd like to ask is what are some routines, mindset hacks or productivity strategies that you personally regularly use to make sure you perform at your best, your state is high, you can successfully manage a rapidly growing company, right? It's not easy, you know, managing a rocket ship.

Like how do you stay sharp? How do you stay even keeled? How do you, how do you do that?

Do you have like any hacks or routines that you do? It kind of goes back to my previous point, like a team will never exceed the level in which it's being led. So I first and foremost, take care of myself, and that's going to show up in my ability to lead my team and the authority and the voice that I have when when it, um, in terms of things that I do to make sure I'm always staying sharp and productive is, um, I think it's very easy when you're building a bit.

If I could think back of any time where I was in a, maybe a rougher met and not rough, don't get me. Uh, ever almost every time. Sorry, Mark, just for the last 30 seconds, you cut out a little bit.

Cool. Sorry. I'll start that.

Start over. Sorry about that. Okay.

So I just want to make sure people hear it and get the value. Yeah, absolutely. So keeping, keeping in check and keeping sharp, um, it goes back to my last point in terms of a team will never exceed the.

So with that being said, um, you need to really take care of yourself. And if I could think of any time that I've been less productive or less effective, perhaps in a slump or whatever, a whole lot, a whole lot, but it's always been directly related to my health. So, um, I think, you know, it's very, very easy as a founder, when you're building a business and there's a lot of moving parts to neglect your health, neglect your, your fitness, your exercise, your diet and everything like that.

Um, but your body and your, and your, your health is just an indication of what's going, going on in your head space. And, um, start to neglect that, that part of your life, you start to lose the authority in your voice and, uh, you're no longer, you know, the leader that your team needs to be. So, um, for me, it's a big thing is health is treating your body almost like, um, you know, making sure that that's something that, uh, um, you're showing a good example of.

Um, I think another thing is, is just high, high, um, again, activity, right? So action alleviates stress. And when you have blank space on your calendar as a sales person or as a leader or whatever, it just, it just allows for more opportunity to doubt yourself, to get a negative.

So keeping a, a productive calendar, making sure your time blocking, making sure you're, you're mapping out your non negotiables, whatever those may be. Um, everybody's is going to be different. Um, that's going to be super important, keeping yourself busy.

And then of course, what everybody else knows is, is you're surrounding yourself with winners, right? Um, maintaining that good environment and that good social circle is going to make sure that you keep your head on straight, keep you motivated. Okay.

Nice. Uh, some, some really good pointers. Uh, Marco, it was great to, to have you on the show.

Uh, you dropped so much value. I learned a lot myself. Um, I'm sure the listeners learned a lot, uh, as well, uh, for people who want to learn more, uh, where, where should they go?

Where they can, where can they find you and find more about, uh, what we just talked about? Yep. So there's two places.

You know, um, obviously our, our main website is, uh, remote synergy and that's remote dash synergy.com. Um, and then also you can drop just my Facebook as well. I'm, I'm very active in terms of having conversations.

Um, I will make sure it's me responding and not some type of center VA or anything like that. Um, happy to chit chat on anything related to building your outbound team, building your sales team, any sales related stuff. I'm, I'm happy to provide value in any way.

So don't hesitate to reach out. Okay. Great.

Yeah, guys, check out Marco's stuff. Uh, I'll add the links in the description, remote synergy and also, um, your Facebook and yeah, you know, I can, uh, his program remote synergy is really like world-class. This is really the process that can get an agency or like high ticket really into the, into those six figure months.

So, um, once you have that in place, you can just, you know, ramp, ramp up the, the outbound and just feed more replies meetings into the machine. So yeah, go check it out. And, uh, Marco again, thanks for your time and, uh, talk to you, talk to you soon.

It was great having you on. Appreciate it, man. Thank you.

Thank you.