If you're an agency owner or provide any type of service online and you aren't able to book three to five meetings every single day, you're leaving tens of thousands of dollars on the table. In this video, I'm going to show you how to fix that. What's up guys, my name is Nils, I'm the co-founder of Instantly and in this video, I want to share with you exactly how you can start booking three to five meetings for your agency or service business every single day.

Even if you close only one of these meetings on a daily basis, you'll be adding thousands, even tens of thousands of dollars monthly recurring revenue to your agency by doing this. So I've worked with a bunch of agencies doing 25, 50, even 100k monthly recurring revenue and none of them got there by sending only 50 cold emails a day. So want to know the secret?

Do more. You need to be sending out a thousand cold emails, a thousand cold messages per day. Yes, a thousand.

And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. Before we dive into it though, make sure you like the video, you subscribe and turn on channel notifications and let's get into it. All right, so let's take a look at the strategy on how to send a thousand cold emails a day with 50% plus open rates.

You can get an additional one to 10 demos every day, three to five additional meetings a day, depending on how good your offer is, but this is kind of what you can expect here. So this is really the best and minimal effort maximum gain system for high ticket B2B offers we found. And yeah, you can set all of this up in one or two hours.

Then you just have to wait for the new emails to warm up for around 14 days and you're ready to go. So once you understand the system, you can also give this guide and I'm going to link it in the description. You can give it to UVA, make your life even easier.

So if you combine this strategy with personalization, personalized first line, you can get even better results. But the strategy works even without much personalization or without any personalization. Yeah, just get an instantly account.

We're going to be using instantly for automating the email sending. Also for this guide, it's a comprehensive guide. It's 24 pages in detail.

We also created some shorter, more detailed video tutorials inside of the instantly accelerator. So you can just sign up there and you'll see more detailed videos about every single step of this process, but I'll already be covering a lot just in this video. And I'll just show you really the strategy and the step-by-step in this video already, but here you'll have the detailed videos.

Now let's get into it. What does it consist of? Just very quickly here, just an ROI calculation.

Let's say you're sending a thousand cold emails a day, you know, depending on your open rate, reply rate, but let's say we have a high open rate, like 15,000 people open your cold emails. We have 5% reply rate. 15% of those are positive.

Here's the show up rate. And then if you're able to close 20% of those, you should be able to, you know, get 16 closes. This also obviously depends on your ticket size, how good you are at closing, how you, how good you are at turning positive replies into meetings.

But this is kind of some of the benchmarks that we see across the industry in terms of the costs. So what does this strategy cost to implement? I recommend a bunch of secondary sending domains, which I'll be talking about later, a little bit more, which is so you can have a lot of email accounts sending on your behalf, contacting leads on your behalf.

Then you'd have to spend some money on leads. You can either use Apollo or LeadHype. That's a good start.

And then we recommend always cleaning the leads that you can use bulk email checker for that and then using instantly, right? So you don't have to send out a thousand emails a day manually, but instantly we'll do all the legwork, all the, you know, the heavy lifting here of the sending for you. So investment gain is very high.

You can expect a really good ROI on this. Like I said, this is one of the highest ROI ways to acquire B2B customers. So let's go into it.

Step-by-step instructions. The first thing we're going to do is domain and email setup. Then we're going to be looking at leads and targeting, and then we're going to be setting up campaigns with instantly.

And then the fourth step here is optimizing and scaling. So the first part is a little bit technical, but once you have that set up, then you're good to go. And you can really send high volumes with high deliverability and high deliverability just means you make sure you land in the primary inbox instead of the spam folder when doing cold outreach.

And yeah, so let's move on to domain and email setup. We created a checklist here also, but the first step you're going to have to do is buy domains, right? Let's say your main domain is called shrimp.com.

We recommend sending up secondary domains, right? Domains that are separate from your main domain, just so you can use those for the cold outreach, just so the reputation is isolated from your main domain. So for example, right?

If you're shrimp.com, you would buy domains, get shrimp.com, try shrimp.com, tasty shrimp app.com, shrimplabs.com, right? All these secondary domains you can buy. And once you have those, connect them to a Google workspace, Google workspace is a good inbox provider, good email service provider, right?

You just want to create these email addresses, and then you're going to connect the email addresses to instant data instantly is going to do the sending, but you need the email addresses in the first place. So this is what we recommend here, you can set that up by the domains, set up a Google workspace, then what are you going to have to do is, you know, change some stuff in the DNS settings. This really helps with making sure that even if you're sending a thousand cold emails a day that you have a high open rate of 50% plus.

So you're going to have to just in the DNS settings, and here's some detailed guide, and I'm just going to cover it on high level here. When you set this up, you can just follow the guide. It's basically just copy pasting some value into the domain name provider.

So three of those, you can cover that here. And then we set up the email accounts. So the email accounts here.

And then once we have that set up, we're going to warm up the email accounts, right? So now we have the domains, we have the email accounts, it's all ready, and we're going to connect them to instantly. So instantly here, you can see the email accounts with which you want to call email people.

You can just go here instantly and add new and connect, right? G Suite, Outlook, you can add Zoho, you can add any provider for IMF SMTP. That's fairly straightforward too.

And we have detailed step-by-step instructions on how to do that. Then important part is the warm up. You can see this little flame here.

It's important that you click this flame. And what it does, it's putting it into a warm up pool where it interacts with a network of other inboxes so that your deliverability is high, right? So we're making sure here that you have a reply that everybody in this form of pool replies to you.

And this really, you know, make sure that let's say this count here, Rayo at get instantly.com that has a high reputation and you have high deliverability. So just activate this warm up. It will put you into the instantly warm up pool.

It's one of the biggest, most diverse and fastest growing warm up pools in the market. And yeah, we have over a hundred thousand people, inboxes in this pool, interacting and talking positively to each other. So just do that.

This is an important part. You have to be a little bit patient here. So once you've connected, once you've created these email accounts, you're going to have to, if they're brand new domains, you're going to have to put them into the warm up pool into this deliverability network for three weeks.

And then after three weeks of warming up, then it's ready to go and you can contact all the leads you want. Okay. And yeah, so make sure everything is set up correctly.

Or we also have like an SPF, deepkim check. And then a mail tester is also a good one that I recommend. So yeah, this is the tech setup.

If you're doing this the first time, this may seem like a little bit maybe overwhelming or like a little bit technical or like a little bit tedious, but yeah, it just takes one or two hours. Just follow the step-by-step instructions. If you've done it once and that's it, you don't have to do it again.

And then later on, you can just delegate it to someone on your team who can do it for you. All right. So this is the first pillar out of the four pillars is really setting up the domains, the inboxes, putting them into the warmup, and then we are ready to go to prepare our first lead list.

So finding leads is quite easy, right? The harder part is knowing exactly which kinds of leads are the best. Now you want to know, okay, who out of these thousand people that you're going to cold contact, cold email every single day, who are they going to be, right?

Just think about for your agency, who were your best clients, who's your best market, and just get more of these types of people or which market do you have good case studies for, and then get more of these people. So for example, if you're a lead generation agency and you were able to get good results for a branding agency, just contact more branding agencies and tell them, hey, we have this case study of a branding agency. We got really good results with them.

We're looking to help a couple more branding agencies there. So just define, okay, who's your customer avatar? Who do you want to contact?

And then you can use LeadHype. LeadHype is a solid database. You can scrape LinkedIn Sales Navigator and it will give you the leads, the contacts of those search filters you put in, of who you want there.

Apollo also in an inexpensive B2B database, you can apply a lot of filters and it's a reliable tool. Just make sure that once you've pulled the lead lists, the data out of these two databases, just make sure to clean the leads. So just an additional check before you email those leads, you want to make sure those leads also actually exist, that they're good to go, that they're not going to bounce.

And you can do that with bulk email checker or million verifier. So here again, step-by-step instructions on how to do that. Just clean the lead list before you upload it into Instantly, where then later on, Instantly is going to contact everybody.

Okay, great. So we covered the first two pillars already. We have the tech setup that we've done.

We have the leads and the targeting. We have that done too. Now let's set up some campaigns, right?

We connected the email accounts and setting up a campaign is super simple with Instantly. All right. We are a big proponent of just making it super simple.

You can just click here, add new button, my campaign, click continue. Then here you can upload your lead list. You can set up a email sequence.

You can set the schedule and then you can connect the sending domains to this campaign and we'll do inbox rotation. So it will allow you, you know, all of these inboxes here will rotate and reach out to the lead list that you uploaded on this step. And yeah, and then you could just click in options.

You just click launch and instantly we'll do all the leg work, all the heavy lifting for you and contact all the leads, all your potential clients for you. All right. So this is covered here as well, but just for you to get an overview, we have some cold email templates too.

We have a bunch of cold email templates also here that you can use in the sequences. So we make it super simple for you, right? You can, here's, you can see a lot of different templates that you can use also in your campaigns, just, you know, in case just to get creative juices flowing, or if you don't have any ideas right away and what to say to your leads, you can use some of the templates that we provide there as initial inspiration.

Uh, yeah. Then you set the schedule and you can launch it and, uh, uh, instantly start reaching out. Then optimizing and scaling.

You can, you know, once you've launched it and you see, okay, the first people have replied, um, first people have opened, you can kind of see, okay, which campaigns are working, which ones aren't, which target group, which segment of your market is, uh, most, uh, responsive. Then scaling up is super easy, right? Remember how we like set up these additional domains, just take more domains, buy more domains, connect them to instantly, and, uh, you're ready to scale and you can go from, you know, you sending 500 cold emails a day, 2000 to 1500.

And, uh, yeah, and then, you know, you'll have all the replies. You'll have it here in the unibox. Uh, you'll have, you know, all the positive replies, right?

All these potential B2B customers, they'll all be in here and they say, Hey, I'm interested, uh, or maybe, or maybe they say, no, obviously like there's also no thanks, right? People may be not interested in your offer, but then, you know, just make sure you respond to the, to the people who say, yes, I'm interested. Hey, yes.

I'm interested to go on a call with you. Please send me more information. You know, all of these people, um, make sure that you just re you can reply to them from here.

It's like a centralized master inbox, and then you can book them into a meeting and then you close them from there. And, uh, yeah, that's how you can get an additional, you know, three to five meetings per day for your agency. And that's it.

That's how you can start sending out thousands of targeted cold emails every single week and start booking more meetings on a daily basis. You can find the link to instantly in the description. I guarantee it'll change your cold email game forever.

Also in the instantly accelerator inside of instantly, we have eight modules that show very detailed on how to go about this. And we have a couple more strategies, mind maps, roadmaps, templates in there as well that you can grab. And yeah, if you do this properly, there's no reason why you can't add thousands of dollars in monthly recurring revenue to your business by utilizing this method.

Thank you all for watching until next time. I'm out.