You can now use Instantly to get your lead lists. No more spending hours scraping leads and then having to wait 24 hours to verify those leads on another platform. You can now get verified leads on Instantly, warm up your domains, and send thousands of emails on a daily basis to those leads all in one place.

In this video, what I'm going to do is walk you through how to use Instantly's Lead Finder so that you can get high quality verified leads in seconds. You're probably wondering though, how do other lead finders work and why Instantly's better? Well, other lead finders require you to use external tools to find leads.

So for example, you might need to use a Python script to scrape Google Maps and get a bunch of websites and then you have to take the websites and go enrich them with data or you get a bunch of people's names or LinkedIn profiles. It's this multi-step process. And the issue with this is they create room for human error.

They create more labor-intensive time getting everything ready, but Instantly's Lead Finder is better because now it simplifies that entire database building process by integrating everything into the platform. That's why I love it because it automatically verifies the data and it ensures it's clean and formatted correctly. And also Instantly is constantly building and growing our database.

It is our mission to have an excellent database. The first thing I want to show you is the Lead Finder. Once you're into the platform, you got to come over here to the Lead Finder.

You're going to be filtering by job title, CEO. That's a classic one. And let's utilize the location.

Let's do the United States. Let's reduce it down to that. Almost 300,000 people.

We can also choose the industry, right? Let's do manufacturing. And there's all these subcategories within industries as well, but we'll just do the general manufacturing.

So you can instantly see now here that there's almost 20,000 potential leads. Now you can also filter by employee size. I personally like this more than revenue, but we can do both here.

This will filter by how many people are employees there and also how much revenue they're doing. This will help you filter down and target the people that you know are the ideal client for you. The better your ideal client profile is, that will allow you to filter through databases and find exactly that person that you're looking for.

Another aspect here is the keyword filter. If I'm filtering through CEOs in the United States, and let's say I'm a software company, I'm going to look for keywords like SaaS and software. This is an AI tool that we have developed and are continuously working on to improve, but this will help you refine your search and find people who are using these keywords or are associated with these keywords.

Another really incredible feature here, I'm going to use this company. Now what you can do is you come in here, you paste in the lookalike domain, and what it will do if you're doing targeted, it will find people who look extremely similar to this website. And then you can search for CEOs who are similar in that same industry.

And if you go a little broader, it kind of opens up the space of relatability, but it's still more targeted than just general CEOs. Another thing you can do with a domain is you can find everyone within an organization that is at a domain with a specific job title. So right now I use that same website, I posted it under domain, and I'm now seeing all the CEOs of this company, ABM.

Another thing we can do, if we don't have a specific title, we can see that these are all people associated with ABM. That's a 29,000 people. So let's do manager of operations within ABM.

This will instantly find everyone who is the manager of operations within this website that I'm using. So you can upload a massive list of domains that you're wanting to target, or you can do single ones like I just typed in here. Now, another thing you can do is you can find companies that have job listings.

So I'm going to type in here, SEO expert. There are five CEOs who recently had a job posting for SEO experts. I can now target these individuals, reach out to them and say, hey, you shouldn't hire another employee.

Let me be an agency and take care of these needs for you. This is a great way to use this tool. There's many angles here, but definitely utilize it.

Another one is when I worked with a software company, we would target people using our competitors software. So right here under technologies, for example, you can use sales loft. Now we can see all of the CEOs whose companies are using the technology of sales loft.

Another thing you can do can filter through people who have recent news. So let's do CEOs in the United States who have a recent launched product. Now, what I want to do here is I'm going to show you a couple things.

First, I'm going to show you how to add this to a campaign. So we're going to select the first hundred, come over here to the top right and click on the add to campaign. I'm going to select the campaign I want to put it to.

I'm going to make sure I'm checking for duplicates across other campaigns. So here are these leads. They've been instantly transferred into my example campaign.

And over here on the far right, you can see that there is a bunch of news. Now what's incredible about this news data point that I've filtered through, I can use this by come over to the AI prompts and I can use this type of data to create custom personalized messaging on a large scale. And if you leverage this, you can really stand out to the people that you're prospecting.

Now, there are a few other features here that you can check out. There are funding. If you're targeting companies that are funding or have already funded, you can see the stages that they're at.

We can filter through them here. Also, you can target an actual department within an organization. You can focus on management levels.

You can also search for people's actual specific name with an organization. And you can also search by company name. When you're building your database, I really encourage you to think creatively of how you can use unique data points paired with AI to create custom hyper-personalized messaging on a large scale.

If you want it all in one platform where you can scrape leads, send thousands of cold emails, and manage them. Definitely go to instantly for a free trial or click on the link in the description to check it out. Now that you know how to get thousands of leads, how do you convert them to clients?

Click on this video here to learn how to use cold email to get clients in 2024. Thanks for watching. I really appreciate it.

And I hope to see you in the next one.