I started a successful business, mostly luck or mostly skill. People always ask me if I were to start from scratch, what I would do. So it got me thinking, what would I do?

So let's find out. I'm gonna be launching a secret business and the goal is to make $10,000 in just 30 days. I'm not gonna use any of my existing services, existing case studies to help me out, existing niche, or anything that's going to give me an unfair advantage.

It's going to be a new company started from scratch and we'll see if it's actually possible to get clients for brand new businesses. So will I get at least one client? Will I reach that $10,000 mark?

Will I make nothing at all? I'm not quite sure yet, but I do have a good plan. Let's get into it.

So here's what I did. I first had to pick a niche and a service that I wanted to sell to. So starting with niches, I knew that I needed to pick someone that was easy to find, easy to target, has a high margin service, and somebody that is in a growing industry.

Those are the parameters that I'm looking for when it comes to picking a niche in order to sell services to. So for me, this came to be real estate, hair transplant clinics, cosmetic dentists, aesthetic clinics, construction, slash remodel, and law firms. And rather than me choosing the niche, we're simply just going to have the wheel do the random pick for us.

So I'm gonna go ahead and spin the wheel here. And we got law firms. Nice.

Now, the second thing that we need to do is we need to figure out what can we offer law firms that's actually going to add value to them and something that they're willing to pay for. So in this case, I came up with a bunch of different services that we could come up with. And again, rather than me choosing it, I added all of these to the wheel and let's go ahead and spin it and see what service we're gonna offer them.

And the service that we landed on was short form content. Perfect. Now what we need to do is we need to pick our offer.

So first step in this is we want to pick a offer that is going to be a no-brainer offer. We essentially need to know the pain points that we can solve for them, the mechanisms that we'll use, the dream outcomes that we'll deliver. We need a cool name and we need a guarantee.

So me knowing that, let's get into work and get this dialed in. So the first thing that we want to figure out is what are the pain points that law firms are having that we could potentially solve? So high client acquisition costs, lack of awareness is a big one, scaling trust, building a good reputation, and also just like demonstrating their expertise.

So then we need to think about the mechanism. What is the mechanism of how we're actually going to solve these pain points? This is where kind of like the meat and the bones of the offer come into play.

So for example, we can just say, we're going to do 20 videos per month. We're going to script videos. Then we're going to edit the videos.

Then we're even going to post the videos to ensure consistent visibility. This is a pretty solid offer because it's pretty much fully done for you. Now what we need to figure out is what are the dream outcomes of the law firms that we're working on?

And this is going to be super important because this is what we're going to use in our email copy. This is what we're going to use in our messaging, in our marketing, as we're dialing this in. So I know that they want to become the most trusted attorney.

They want to get inbound business, grow referral base, scale trust, and they probably want to land more clients. Sounds good to me. I feel pretty confident with this as it pertains to reaching out to people about like dream outcomes, including that in the copy.

Now what we need is a cool name. Lawvid Pro System. That's what we're going to call it.

All right. The next thing that we need is a guarantee. So the guarantee can be like financial based.

It could be time based. It could be engagement based. It could be satisfaction based.

So in this case, because we're doing short form content, we're not really going to have a lot of control on like closing deals for them necessarily. But with a good strategy with short form video content, I'm pretty confident that we could really help them boost their engagement. So the guarantee that I'm going to put is if you don't get maybe a hundred percent increase in your engagement after two months, we'll pay you $2,000.

And essentially this could be like, we'll work a month for free, but framing it as we'll pay you $2,000. Okay. So now that we have our offer, it's time to start creating our campaign.

But before we do that, the first thing that we want to do is we want to buy our domains. So the reason we want to buy domains is because what we're going to do is we're going to load them up into instantly. And we need domains because we need to also purchase the emails for the domains because what you don't want to do is you don't want to use your current domain, send a bunch of emails from your current domain and realize all of a sudden that all of your emails are going into spam because your email provider is going to be seen as not trustworthy because you're just firing off a bunch of emails.

So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to simply go to godaddy.com. So we want to buy 10 domains here. And when we add them to the cart, we can see the price is about $11.99 per year.

So if we buy 10 domains, it's going to be about $120 per year for the domains. So after we buy the domains, we need to get the emails. We need to get three emails per domain.

So to do this, all we need to do is go to workspace.google.com, click on get started, and then it'll walk you through step by step how you can link up your business name and your domain and all that good stuff. And we're pretty much ready to rock from there. Now it's time to load the emails up into instantly.

So to do that, what I'm going to do is I'm going to pull up instantly. I'm going to click on add new. In this case, I'm actually going to bulk upload because we have 30 emails.

This is going to be a lot to upload. So I'm just going to click on this. Okay, so for the bulk upload, all we need to do in column A is add in the emails.

We need to add in our first name, our last name, the IMAP username, which is the email, the IMAP password, which is the password to the email that you created. IMAP host is going to be imap.gmail.com, IMAP port 993, SMTP username, it's going to be the email. SMTP password is going to be the password that you created for the email.

SMTP host, smtp.gmail.com, SMTP port is going to be 465, daily limit 20 as far as warming up, warm up enabled. Yes, absolutely. And warm up increment of one.

So once this is filled out completely, all we need to do is do a file. We need to do a download and we're going to download this bad boy as a CSV file. Then once we go to instantly, if we click to upload, then we can simply and quickly upload all of the emails in one click.

Some of the emails have been added to instantly. The next thing that we're going to want to do is warm them up. So ideally, it's going to be a 14 day process so that we can start building trust with the domain provider.

This will ensure that the emails that we're about to be sending to these lawyers are actually going to end up in their inboxes. The last thing that I want to do is send a bunch of emails and have a 20% open rate and nobody sees them because I wasn't patient with this step and I didn't warm up the emails. All we need to do is make sure that our fire icon is green and dialed in.

And that will indicate that the domains are in fact warming up. So while our emails are warming up, the next thing that we want to do is start finding people to reach out to. There's a lot of different ways you can do this.

You could hire somebody on Fiverr. You hire somebody on Upwork. There's a lot of different softwares that you can try.

But the cool thing with Instantly is if I upgrade to their lead finder, this will give me plenty of volume for people to reach out to and I can simply just do it in one tool and I'm not like tool hopping and having to use a bunch of different softwares to try to figure out are these leads good? Are these leads bad? Where are these leads coming from?

Et cetera, et cetera. So to do this, knowing that we're searching for lawyers in law firms, I'm going to do this in a way where I'm going to go for management levels. I'm going to go C level.

I'm going to go industry. I'm going to just search law. Okay, there's law practice here.

I'm going to select this. It's a lot of people. So I'm going to filter it a little bit more.

I'm just going to do personal injury. Okay, that's 17,000. And I'm just going to do United States.

Let's see what that pulls up for us. So now we literally have a list of 15,000 people that we can reach out to over the next three months. But in our case, because we want to give ourselves 30 days, we're going to reach out to at least 10,000 people within the 30 days with the credit that we have.

And we're just going to use the list that is provided here. Okay, so now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and click save. So I'm going to do this law firms short form video offer.

So now that this has been saved, we can easily load this later down the road. Now, the next thing that we do after we have the leads, the emails are warming up. We're really confident in our offer.

Now what I want to do is I want to start building and creating the campaign. So if I click on the little arrow, that's going to pull up campaigns. I'm going to click add new.

So now what we need to do is we need to write the copy. So this is, again, one of the most important parts because as we are emailing people, as we're reaching out to people in this method, we are competing with inboxes. We are competing with so many people in people's inboxes trying to grab people's attention.

So we want to make sure that our email is personalized, that it solves a clear problem and is going to stand out in the inboxes and actually provoke a response. So in this case, what we're going to do is we're just going to break down a email sequence that I think is going to work really well for this and help us get some solid business from this. So the theory behind here is, one, we open up with a personalized line, something that seems personal to them and you're not just like blasting them or coming out with a right hook right from the jump.

Second line is going to be why you're reaching out to them and I'm pretty much coming out of the gate pretty aggressive with this because we only have 30 days. Reason I want to reach out is we specialize in helping lawyers become the most trusted attorney in their area, effect expertise, scale trust with their prospects and future clients and get more business on social media at a fraction of typical acquisition costs. So very straight to the point as it pertains to why we're reaching out and then using the mechanism with the guarantee and then the call to action I'm doing straight for the call for a conversation.

No fluff, let's get after it. So I'm going to actually shorten the second sentence a little bit. So I'm going to speak their lingo, land more cases because I think they call them cases.

So that's what I'm going to really speak to. So the reason we want to reach out is we specialize in helping lawyers become the most trusted attorneys in their area of expertise and land more cases from social media at a fraction of typical acquisition costs. We do this using our LawVid Pro system and guarantee that you'll see a 100% increase in your engagement within the first two months or we'll pay you $2,000.

Up for a combo? Very straight to the point, dialed in, love it, I think this is solid. Now what we want to do is we want to send a follow-up email because we only have 30 days.

We want to get their attention quickly. So again, getting pretty aggressive here because I really need to get them on a call if I'm going to close the deal. I can't really waste too much time and I'm just going right for the right hook.

So hi, first name, wondering if I had a chance to check out my last email. I know a lot of attorneys struggle to scale trust, demonstrate their expertise and lower their costs to get clients. That's exactly why we started the LawVid Pro system, which helps attorneys just like you become the most known and trusted attorney in your area.

Pretty straight to the point. But do we stop after two emails? We absolutely do not.

So again, getting pretty aggressive. First, we're just going to kind of catch their attention, kind of add some humor in the mix. Hope you're not avoiding me like an insurance company avoids personal injury attorneys because that's kind of what happens.

I know a little bit about it, which is great. And you guys can take that hack into yours. I want to circle back about helping you scale trust using our LawVid Pro system.

Just a reminder, if you don't see the results that we promise, we'll literally pay you $2,000. Let me know if you're up to learning more. Really pumped at the opportunity for you.

Again, aggressive with the call to action. Do we stop at three? I don't think so.

Again, pretty aggressive trying to get the action. Kind of double clicking on the dream outcome. So becoming the most known attorney in your area with just one hour of your time per month.

Getting inbound clients due to you becoming omnipresent in your area without thousands of dollars in traditional advertising. You scaling trust with your community, pre-selling them on you without having to do a lengthy sales call, convincing them to work with you. If so, I think LawVid Pro system could really help.

Reply yes and I'll send over some dates to connect or reply no and I'll stop bugging you. Cool. This is a pretty good email sequence.

We're just going to stick with four because we're still going to need to sell them. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and click on schedule and I'm going to send these on Pacific time. I'm just going to do Monday through Friday.

I'm just going to do 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. because I can actively monitor it from that time.

I'm going to go ahead and click on actions. I'm going to go ahead and click all of the emails that I just added and stop sending emails on auto-reply. We're going to uncheck that because if they're out of office, we want to keep sending the emails.

And daily limits. We have 1,500 a day that we can send. Now I'm going to go ahead and click save.

And once these emails are warmed up, we're going to be ready to rock and ready to launch these. All right. I'll check back here in a little while and I'm going to report back on the results that we were able to get with this campaign.

Completely new business. Completely new offer that we built together. So see you in a bit.

All right. So it's been a little over a week since we launched this campaign and I'm going to go over the results of what we were able to achieve from the cold email sequence that we built out and sent together. So we contacted a total of 2,680 people.

Of the 2,680 people, 2,500 people opened the email. So we had a 94% open rate. Of the 2,500 people that opened the email, we had a reply rate of 6.5% or 175 replies.

Of the 175, 56 were positive, meaning that they were wanting more information about what we were offering to them. So as we scroll down, we can see the analytics of how each day performed and we can see which email actually performed the best from an open and a reply rate. So let's just do some simple math on this and I'll just explain the logic behind this.

So 56 people raised their hand and said they were super interested in what we had to offer. So let's just say we get half of the people on a call that are raising their hand and interested in what we have to offer. So that would be 33 sales calls just in one week from just 2,500 people.

And let's just say that we have a 20% close rate conservatively. So if we do 33 times 0.2, that's 6.6. So the offer that we were doing, it's easily a $7,500 offer over the course of three months.

So if we do 6.6 times $7,500, that's $49,500 literally generated from just one week of sending a campaign. So I don't know about you guys, but to me, this is not luck. It is simply skill.

It's tactics. It's using instantly. It's doing the campaign right.

It's getting the right leads or having the right messaging guys. So if you want the exact same tools that I use to scrape the leads, to get the data, to write the email copy, to get all the information, to send the emails, to monitor it through the unibox, it's instantly.ai. And you can sign up for that simply in the description down below guys.

So if you haven't already, please be sure to like the video and subscribe for future videos just like this one.