The systems we build generate about $1,500 in revenue per client every single day, and we pull that off with just a small team of five people. Honestly, there's no way I'd be able to do that without the right people in place and the right systems in place. And when I say systems, talking about smart automations and, more importantly, AI agents.

AI agents are perfect for handling those boring, monotonous tasks, which lets you scale up, save time, cut costs, and yeah, make way more money in your business in the process. This setup only takes a few hours to get running, but it saves me dozens of hours every single week, so I can pour more time into real high leverage stuff, like nurturing client relationships or brainstorming new growth strategies. So one of the biggest things that my business would be an absolute chaos nightmare is none other than something like cursor or an IDE such as Windsurf or VS Code.

Even if you're a little intimidated with code, you need to do some good AI prompting, which I'll demonstrate here in a second. With that, what we do is send up several agents where we are doing multiple variants. For example, we're doing landing pages such as this one.

We're doing variant A, and it would come up with this one right here. That way I can demonstrate what it can actually look like. This is a demonstration.

But you can see in one shot, this literally came up with a really nice landing page with good interactive effects. Anytime when we try to do a landing page, we'll come up with different variants to make sure that they can actually select the style, and that way this code is already generated, and I can tell the AI, take this snippet from this area, take it from this area, and let's come up with a really nice landing page. This particular one that I use is called Augment.

Augment is an AI code editor, which is just a VS Code extension, and you can install it in any IDE because it's a fork of VS Code. I just put it on auto, and with good prompting, you can come up with some good stuff here. And one of the biggest things that they have as well is this little enhance prompt thing, where if I were to sit there and vibe code away, and I'm saying it's not working, and you can't really explain it, when you hit enhance code, you would be really impressed with what it comes up with.

That way, the AI agent can be a lot more focused. And I also do variant B. This one is with Cloud Code.

Cloud Code is one of the agents we use quite a bit as well, which is really good. Depends on the niche business that we do, but you could see right here, it's coming up with some nice spatial stuff with stars, and this is, again, one shot where we're going up and down here. Very standard landing page, and we can go from there.

The next one is Gemini, and the Gemini one, I did a one-shot thing, and you can see right here, it has this nice hovering effect with the mouse. We have the scrolling banner. There's some adjustments that we would need to do when it comes to the scrolling banner here for partners, but you can see it has some nice effects here, where they have the swipe, and this is a nice effect right here.

This agent in one shot was able to produce some really nice graphics here to be able to demonstrate the technologies, because nowadays, everybody's on an iPhone or an Android. These devices have HDR or high pixels, and they have high CPUs, where you can do a lot of things, and using the website or going to some WordPress or some legacy vanilla website, you could really stand out and make a good first impression. The next thing we do here, this is for Variant D, and this one, I actually used Grok 4, which was recently released.

With Grok 4, came up with one shot, and of course, it would come up with stars, because SpaceX, right? This is something that we could iterate on. Again, this is just one shot here, but it actually came up with an image as well.

Thought that was pretty cool. This is the rest of the stuff is pretty standardized, because I gave it literally one system prompt, say, use this stack, use this, you're a software developer. By the way, the prompt is going to be in the description down in the video, so feel free to take a look at that and use it for yourself.

That way, you can plug away and see what kind of landing pages you can do for your business. We use it for a number of things. I also use it for a knowledge base, along with slicing and dicing, ICP, go-to-market strategies, because big data sets are huge, and a lot of times with other softwares, it's very constrictive in order to slice and dice big CSVs.

The next thing here, as far as a total lifesaver for our business, is really doing advanced sentiment analysis. What you do is, when you send out campaigns, you are going to get replies. Well, a lot of times, a good problem to have is those replies are going to come in, and you want to find the time to not only get back to people who are interested, but there's going to be other types of replies where it might be neutral, it might be negative, and you'll just really want to know what kind of sentiment that you're going to weigh in, if it's a positive now or a positive later.

What we'll do is, we'll actually catch all the replies, we'll extract the name from the email to really normalize it, because we're going to prepare it for an email after this. We will send this to execution data, so I can analyze inside N8N, if there's any debugging. We'll do a sentiment analysis, and while this is not an agent, we are using an LLM, such as 4.1 Mini, in order to do simple sentiment analysis from here, to really focus on the message that's there, and put a proper tag to it, so we can route it appropriately.

And you can see right here, this is, you are a highly accurate sentiment analyzer, specializing email responses, about sales and marketing automations, and building AI agents. Analyze the sentiment from a provided text. We're going to have the text here, and these are the sentiment categories.

From here, this is going to switch out, based on what it is. What we do is, we're going to push a lot of this stuff to a clay table, because we want to analyze and train, what is a positive sentiment, that way we can feed that into an AI rag agent, which basically means, retrieval augmented generation. And what that is, is basically a memory, or extended memory, so the agent knows, oh, this is a good reply, well, let me see what I sent, so I can do that again.

This helps us to keep analytics on it, and analyze from there. We just send it to a clay table, just for this workflow. We find it to be pretty effective, although you can send it to Google Sheets, or anything else to capture that.

We get the email details, obviously if there's an unsubscribe, we'll add to a blacklist. We'll get the email details from here, through the instantly v2 API. We will go to our AI reply agent.

Now the AI reply agent is a powerhouse, and this is definitely something, you're going to want to test, and ground. So you'll notice here, it says role definition, this opens up the XML tag, this group right here, is the role definition. Then we have role definition, with a forward slash, meaning it's closing that out.

From here, you will see it's properly grouped, and then we have markdown, essentially being able to bold, italicize, do H1, H2, so it's a lot bigger. So it allows for a document, to be very structured, and know what's important, what's a title, what's a subheader. That is the reply agent, and we're actually testing out, Grok 4 in this case.

We use Claude for the previous ones, but Grok has a little bit more personality, in my opinion. This is a Hiddle, or human in the loop. What it is, is saying here's the drafted copy, and then we do approve, or disapprove, and I have it sent directly to me, in our Slack workspace.

What we do, is we'll do exactly this, and this is a copy and paste workflow. All we got to do, is plug in the API keys, and make sure that it's aligned, for the client, that we onboard. And that way, these systems are copy and paste, and we make sure, that we set up their landing page, we set up their outbound campaigns, we'll scrape their entire, total addressable market.

From there, we will slice and dice, make sure we're scoring, and qualifying everybody, and then we'll do proper, outbound campaigns from there. From here, good old reporting, this is not really an agent, but I think it's an important workflow, because it helps us, keep close pulse, on what's happening here, and these are automated, weekly reports, where you do a scheduled trigger, we have this kickoff, well this says every two weeks, just for testing, but if you sit there, and you trigger it off, you can do it every Monday, you'll set the number of days in here, and that'll feed into this one, where you could do, 14 days from now, or seven days from now, and this will be the end date, and then it'll push that out. From there, we have the code node, which will formulate everything, outbound there, summarize it, and then it will send it, to ascend and wait, which is again, a human in the loop, it'll send me, a notification to say, hey we dropped it up this report, because sometimes results, need to be tweaked, need to be iterated, it might be not as favorable, we want to make sure, that I can review it, so that way before, it goes to our clients, that it's properly documented, and that everything, is good experience, that is the instantly, campaign reporting, and then this one, is definitely one of my favorites, we have a Calendly trigger, where if someone books a demo, or signs up for a new trial, you could do a number, of triggers here, even website visitors, if you want to get saucy, but if someone books a demo, for example, what we'll do, is we'll run through, a number of checks here, we'll extract the root domain, to make sure it's not a Gmail, or a personal email, because if it is, we don't want to waste resources, on that, because a lot of the workflow here, as you will see, is just not as accurate, what we'll do, is we will go to their website, if it's a business email, we will extract the URL, from your business email, we will actually check, to make sure it's an actual website, because if it's down, that indicates that, you're probably not legit, and then if the website, actually exists, what we'll do, is a head request, because I don't necessarily, want to capture, your entire page, or the business's page, because that could be, a lot of data, but we want to simply, check the page, get a 200 status code, or anywhere from 200, to 399, that basically indicates, that the website, is actually live, because if it's a 400, or 500, that means it's an error, we'll do some error handling, there with the www, we will actually use, piloter, to crawl the website, we will download, the HTML, and everything else, we will extract, usually on the footer, of the LinkedIn, social profiles, which you can take, it a number of ways, if you're on Instagram, or YouTube, you could do a number of checks, from there, we will clean the URL, to make sure, if it is a business URL, or if it's a personal, we want to make sure, good error handling, with this logic here, to make sure, we feed it into the agent, that could do, a lot of the stuff for us, we will use a LinkedIn agent, where we'll actually, scrape the LinkedIn profile, understand more about them, and then we'll actually, enrich it from there, we'll feed all the information, we'll normalize the country, we will score the country, based on a criteria, to know if they're in the United States, or any country based on that, we'll actually do a staff count, to see how big the company is, we'll look at their industry, to see what that is, from here, we'll come up with, an algorithm score, for both qualitative, and quantitative, meaning from a scale, of one to ten, to know if they're a good fit, that way we can prioritize that, if they're above a 70, we will add to campaign, and instantly, and we'll also notify, my team to engage there, and if not, we'll send them a message as well, but this gives us the option, if they're a low fit, that we could make a different option, or say hey, you know right now, is not the time, this is another copy, and paste workflow, and we can definitely show, good prioritization, of lead handling, and this allows us, to copy and paste, into other companies, for clients we serve, to know that we can formulate, good scoring on the back end, when somebody actually signs up, or gets a demo, last but not least, a little bias here, but the big thing here, is instantly's copilot, is definitely an agentic workflow, that is hugely beneficial, and if you're not already using it, definitely recommend, you check it out, it is constantly being improved, it just was released, this is very powerful, because you could simply, talk to it, you could type to it, you can also do audits, if I were to say, audit my workspace, it'll actually do, a number of different things, like check your email statuses, with your DKIM DMARC, it'll do a number of things, to know if your warmups are on, or for your deliverability, you can also use it, to generate full campaigns, you can find ideal prospects, you can use it in parallel, with super search, to generate leads, but another thing too, is if you turn on warp mode, it'll actually go YOLO on you, and you can sit there, and create a campaign, we're going to go ahead, and demonstrate it right here, and see what comes up with, what I'd like to do, is to generate a campaign, where we are reaching out, to CEOs, and founders, in the United States, and this is in the software, as a service business niche, and I want it to be, a three-step campaign, with a three-day delay, and keep these emails, no more than 75 words, I want it to be direct, and to the point, and to ensure that, there is no small talk, do not say, I hope this email, finds you well, ever, and make sure, it is very much value-driven, the biggest thing, that we do, at Top of Funnel, is that we leverage, AI and automation systems, into businesses, and allow them, to scale, appropriately, through AI agents, and automations, that would otherwise, be tedious, and monotonous, our case studies, is that we worked, with Forbes, we have worked, with fortune 500 companies, as well as, venture-backed startups, and we are interested, to chat with them, on proposing, these options, which is save time, save money, and make more money, and we're going to go ahead, and see what it does, you can utilize this, like you would use, chat GPT, or any agent workflow, and you would be able, to generate leads, so it already pulled leads here, and I have it, currently configured, for 10, because a lot of times, we'll do a number, of different scrapes, but you can certainly, accelerate that, and put bigger numbers, in there, and then you'll see here, is we can actually preview, everything in here, as far as copy, this comes up, with quick question, company name, we have variant two, and then we have, follow up, which will be three days, below is the secrets, of emails, and I can actually, click on this, if I want to use it, in an existing campaign, or if I can sit there, and go for there, now my campaign, was actually already created, number of steps is three, so I'm basically done, all I need to do, is go into campaigns, review it, making sure I tie, the right inboxes for it, and pull the trigger, that's what it comes down to, setting up a team of agents, to raise your top line, now in this video, I mentioned Instantly's co-pilot, because I personally, use cold email, to bring in a ton of leads, for my business, and my clients business, if you're not already, using cold email, or you're getting started with it, the long and short, is that it's one of the most, cost effective ways, to generate leads, and book calls, but if you're new, it can feel overwhelming, to figure out where to begin, which is why we put together, this video, where we start a business, from absolute scratch, using cold email, and we document every step of the way, not just the service, and offer side, but the full cold email setup too, if you need a real world example, or you're curious, to see cold email, in action, for an actual business, head over there, and check it out, I'll see you in the next one,