I'm gonna be ranking every single method and strategy for getting clients for your business from absolutely terrible, you shouldn't do this to client acquisition methods so good that you could literally start getting clients today. Starting at number eight, I'm gonna put good old cold calling at number eight. We tried cold calling and honestly, it did not work that well.

The pros to cold calling was that it's really easy to get phone numbers. There's a lot of auto dialers out there that you can use and it can be really personal when they do answer. The cons, the downside is that it's extremely inefficient.

Maybe you can hit 200 phone calls with one person every single day. So if you hire somebody to make the cold calls or if you're doing it, you're gonna spend all day making calls and only get 200 people. Of the 200 people, maybe 5% actually answer and then pressure's on to actually convert them and you really have split seconds to do so.

Plus you'll probably catch them off guard. Maybe they're driving, maybe they're like in an elevator or something like that. Who knows?

So the likelihood of them being like at their computer and ready to get information and book a call is not that great. Let's jump to number seven, Facebook groups. With Facebook groups, basically the way you do this is you use Facebook groups to post content and connect with people within that niche.

The pros of Facebook is you have a connection and it's easy to get an introduction with people in a similar niche, I would say. It's easy to have a personal connection. It's also easy to qualify people within similar interests if you guys are in, let's say, a plumbing group and you're marketing for plumbers.

Also, they can see your posts, they can check your profile. That's another pro of it. The cons are you don't really know if they're a fit.

In the B2B space, I'm not really sure if I'm talking to the decision maker or somebody who works there or another person trying to use my strategy. So for that reason, I avoid Facebook groups. Coming in at number six, Instagram DMs.

Instagram DMing is pretty much cold DMing a bunch of people to start conversations. So the advantages of Instagram DMing is that you can pre-qualify your ideal clients and get really specific to them before you actually even reach out to them. They can see your posts.

If you have some social proof, they can check you out, which is always an advantage. The disadvantage of Instagram DMs, which I don't really like is that it's pretty saturated. It's pretty spammy.

Typically, your messages will usually end up in like a request folder or maybe not even go through because so many people are doing it. Also with Instagram, you're limited to how many people you can actually reach out to. So that's another issue that we came across when we were trying it.

Another thing, you're not really sure if you're talking to the decision maker. Like if you're reaching out to a business, are you talking to like a social media manager? Are you talking to the owner?

So it's really hard to actually get connected with the owner in the B2B marketing space. This could work, but it again is not my first go-to. That's why I'm putting it at number six.

Coming up at number five, we are going to put social media ads, TikTok, Facebook, Instagram, all those different kinds of ads. So basically this is running an ad to get someone to fill out a form, to request more information, to book a call, et cetera, et cetera. The advantages is that you can get client information that you can leverage.

Depending on what you're offering, you'll probably get a lot of people opting in for it. The disadvantages is that it can be a little bit expensive and you still need to follow up with them, somehow get them on a call. With ads, what I've experienced is you're pretty much shotgunning to a lot of people in hopes that your ideal client is going to happen to fill out the form and then actually book a call with you.

In my experience, you get more curious people versus serious people. Number four, I'm gonna put LinkedIn messaging. LinkedIn messaging is essentially doing similar to cold Instagram DMs, but you're messaging people on LinkedIn.

You can use a software for this to automate it, or you can do it manual based off of job title. Some advantages of LinkedIn is that you can reach decision makers. So LinkedIn is contextual for professional connections.

It's easy to search using their tools and you know who you're reaching out to and you know that this is in fact the person that I wanna be talking to. The disadvantages to LinkedIn is, again, you have limits and you can only hit so many people in one day. It's not enough volume for you to actually get a pretty steady flow of LinkedIn leads that are going to grow your business unless you're opening multiple accounts and you're managing multiple accounts, which could be a strategy that you deploy with something like LinkedIn.

And the last real disadvantage to LinkedIn is, again, you don't really know if your target customer is on it. If I use a plumber example or maybe a home service niche, are they actually on LinkedIn and active on LinkedIn or is a lot of people like me using LinkedIn to find more business? Maybe, maybe not.

Maybe they're not really keen to it because they're busy running their business. Number three, I'm going to put organic slash building a brand. Basically, building a brand is doubling down on your social media content, your website content, your YouTube content, et cetera, et cetera.

The advantages of this is that you scale trust. You draw people into your brand, people get to know you, and when it does come time to sell with the people who have been engulfed in your brand, it's way easier to sell. They're already bought into you.

They are already understanding the problems that you're solving if you are communicating from a brand perspective to your niche's pain points and you're doing this consistently and you're doing it well. The disadvantages of building a brand, however, and just focusing all just on building a brand is that it takes time. It's not like you're going to start posting content this week and you're going to get flooded with a bunch of new clients.

It's a long game. It's not instant results. It does take time.

It does take money as well to build the brand, which is why I'm not putting it on a higher ranking. But with our agency, we really doubled down on brand because that's what we did a lot for other customers and we saw a lot of fruit from it and we were able to definitely grow our business using brand. Coming in at number two, cold SMS.

Cold SMS is basically you're blasting out cold text messages to people. You find somebody's phone number using the internet or having your list builder or a lead finder to find them. And then you're using tools in order to send out cold text messages to get responses and to set meetings from that.

So the advantages is that you text people. It's easy to get in front of people. I've always remembered the quote that you want to go to where the attention of your customers are and likely just about everybody is on text message.

So it's really easy to get in front of people and get responses because texting is a lot quicker than opening up an email. That's the advantage of it depending on the copy and all that good stuff. The disadvantages, however, is that it can be risky from a law perspective.

There's a lot of different protocols that you need to follow. I am by known means endorsing cold text messaging to a bunch of people. Do your research and make sure that it is in fact legal for you to text the numbers that you are texting.

Risk is the number one factor just to be aware of. Other disadvantages, it's a little bit harder to find phone numbers for decision makers from like a cell phone perspective. It is limited to the amount that you can actually send from a volume perspective, but all in all, cold SMS is highly effective.

All right, that leaves us with number one, cold mass emails. With cold email, you're literally going straight to where your customers are. You can send thousands of emails a day, write to decision makers when done right.

Everybody has an email, everybody's checking email, especially in the business world, and you're landing in the inbox. It's not like you're guessing if you're messaging a CEO or a founder. It's like you can find their email and message them directly where they're pretty active.

I don't like things that you can't scale like massively. And with cold email, you can literally send thousands and thousands every single day. I also love that you can personalize the emails.

You can completely automate the sending, automate the follow-ups. And again, many of your customers are super engaged with their inboxes, especially in the B2B space. When it comes to disadvantages of email, because there is always disadvantages, is that your prospects may get a lot of emails, meaning that it's more important for you to stand out from a copy, from a personalized perspective.

This also means that you might not get a response right away, meaning it's important to not just send one email, but making sure that you are sending multiple and following up multiple times via cold email. Also, just make sure that your copy is really dialed in. That's how you will be able to stand out in a crowded market of somebody's inbox, especially a B2B decision maker.

All in all to me, cold email is the best lead generation tactic that you should learn and use ASAP before trying any of the other ones discussed here. Now that you know that cold email is the best way to get clients for your business, you might face the problem of not knowing how to do cold email effectively, which is exactly why we put together this video here, which covers everything that you need to know about cold email as a beginner. By the end of watching the video, you should be able to learn how to get clients for your business on repeat.

Thank you guys so much for watching. If you liked it, please be sure to give it a thumbs up. And if you haven't already, please be sure to subscribe to the channel where we post more videos just like this one.