Over the past 30 days, we have sent over 75,000 cold emails. And as you can see from my screen, we have tested a lot of different scripts. Every single script got a different result, but there was one clear winner.

In this video, I'm going to be showing you exactly what this winning script is and how to copy and paste the same template into your business so that you can get the same results that we do, if not better. A great cold email script has a couple of things in common. The first one is personalization, but not just personalization like first name and company name.

You have to go above and beyond. So in this script, I'm going to break down how we used personalization and how we use psychology to get open rates in the 70 percentiles and reply rates in the three percentiles. And this is for a PR offer.

PR offers are very tough to sell because typically they only apply to really high power CEOs and large companies. So you're going to be able to take these principles and apply it into your business no matter what that is. So the first thing that I wanted to show you was the subject line.

Simple personalization, but congratulations first name. If you're able to offer them a lead magnet, this is a really powerful subject line because everybody wants to know why you're congratulating them. What did they win?

But if you're going to use this strategy, you need to be able to give them something or give them some good news. Moving on to the next part. Hello, first name.

Nice and simple. The next part needs to be personalized. We usually personalize this based on signals in our lead database.

So we knew that this company was featured in the news recently. There's a lot of different ways to get this data on your company or whoever you're reaching out to, but find a way to congratulate them on their growth, to mention a technology they're using, to talk about a position that they're filling. There's a lot of different ways where you can segment based on company signals, such as growth, acquisitions, things of this nature.

In this case, what worked really well was that they were featured in the news recently. If you already know that about them, it's a signal to them that you did your research. This isn't a mass email, which is going to increase their chances of opening the email and responding to it.

Moving along, I work with USA Today, and I think you'd be an excellent addition to their upcoming list, top 10 health companies in the USA. Now, this specific list is going out to founders of health companies that are above 50 employees. So a demographic that is not easy to get good results for.

So this sentence, breaking it down, is offering them something that they actually want, a USA Today feature in their top 10 list. And it's relevant to their industry because we're targeting health companies only in the United States. The more targeted that you get, the more specific that you get, the better results that you're going to achieve in your campaign.

Another major factor that's not usually talked about in getting large open rates and large reply rates is your targeting. If you're targeting Fortune 500 CEOs, you're not going to get 5% reply rates. You're not going to get 80% open rates.

However, if you're targeting startups with less than 10 employees who are personal development coaches and consultants, you're going to get very good results. Now you give them a little bit of information about the offer, what you're able to do. This is an list published by a real contributor.

So it gets them a little bit excited for it. This is a sure thing for your company. Also gets them excited for it.

Now, remember, you can't use language like 100% guaranteed in any of your emails because that will get flagged as spam. Next is the call to action. Are you interested in being included?

It's important to note that your call to action shouldn't be asking a lot from them. You should be going for the reply, not the link click. I wouldn't put a Calendly link or a landing page link in your initial template.

I would leave it open-ended. Are you interested in being included? All they have to do is say yes.

And boom, that opens the door. That makes them a warm lead. From there, your sales team or you can take that lead, call them, respond to them, answer all their questions.

P.S. There is a fee associated with our services. Now we do this to qualify our responses.

If we said this was a totally free thing, we would get a zillion replies and almost nobody would convert because it's a bait and switch. We leave this in here. This will decrease our reply rates by a lot.

So that 3% could have actually been 10 to 20%, but we want to make sure that the people who are replying are actually qualified. Now let's head into Instantly and actually set this up for a brand new offer from scratch. So the offer is an article written in USA Wire magazine.

We're going to do this for them free of charge. Now I've already uploaded some leads here and I've also used Instantly's new AI tool, which you can use with this little brain. And I've also added company name cleanup, which is from one of these templates.

So now we've got their company name, nice and clean. So let's go into sequences and actually write one of these things from scratch. We're going to follow that same format.

Congratulations. From the data, I know that the company is growing at a fast pace. I did this through signals in my lead database.

So, hey, first name, congratulations on your recent growth. I would love to do an article for you in USA Wire magazine. So boom, we've used personalization for signals.

We know that they're growing and we're offering them something that they want. In fact, I'm going to take this one step further. And instead of you, I'm going to substitute their company name, the company name cleanup.

So now we've got the nice clean version of their company name. Next, you guys are dominating the industry in Citi. So even more personalized.

So if this is a healthcare company, you guys are dominating the health industry in St. Pete. There's absolutely no charge for this.

We think you deserve it. Cool if I send over some info. Open-ended call to action, letting them know a little bit of details about the offer.

We're not charging you for this. We think you deserve it. Can I send over some info?

The goal here is to get a yes. Get a reply. And then you've got them.

It's on you at that point to close that deal. So before I send this, I'm going to go ahead and make sure I didn't use any language that might be construed as spam. I like the Mail Media spam checker.

I'm just going to copy and paste this in. So here it doesn't like congratulations, but congrats is okay. This is going to get substituted out.

So I'm just going to come in and change this to congrats. Now I've got a perfect email. I'm going to go ahead and save this.

I always recommend doing split testing. So if I were split testing this, I would probably change the subject line to congratulations for company name instead of congratulations first name. I would then maybe split test this first sentence.

Congrats on your recent growth. Maybe props on your awesome recent achievements and seeing what resonates better with that target audience. I would maybe also change this sentence in a split test to not include industry, maybe just city industry might get it wrong or throw in things that aren't great.

Let's go ahead and preview and see what this is going to look like. So, Hey, Pat, congrats on your recent growth. I would love to do an article for native pet and USA wire magazine.

You guys are dominating the mechanical industrial engineering in St. Louis. There's absolutely no charge for this.

We think you deserve it. Cool. If I send over some info, this looks awesome.

I think this is ready to go. Now we're going to go ahead and get this set up. I would just save this email and go ahead and start sending.

And now we've got a brand new template for a new offer. And you can use these same principles and all of your cold email campaigns. Personalization is the key to winning here.

If you send out blasts to high net worth individuals, they know better. They will not open the email. They will not respond.

Cold email is the most efficient way to let other people know about you and about your business and about your offer. You can hyper target decision makers at the exact industry where you can serve them best. There is no other form of advertising where you can do that and where you can book meetings and make sales for less than $5 per call.

So if you're looking to generate more clients, cold email is the first place that you should start. The ability to hyper target people who have money and want your stuff is unmatched by any other form of advertising. If you learn this, you will have a superpower for the rest of your marketing career.

It has taken my company from zero to $600,000 per month in revenue, and it can do the same for you. To get started with cold email and using these templates, you're going to need a suite of tools. One, you're going to need lead data to send emails to.

I recommend Instantly's Lead Finder, but there's a lot of other options out there as well. Two, you're going to need a tool to send cold emails and to scale cold email campaigns to be able to do the type of volume that you need to do to make cold email work. We do about 75,000 emails at least every single month.

So to do that, you're going to need a tool that can scale with you and it's affordable. Instantly.ai is the best in class tool for that reason. You can scale campaigns unbelievably easily.

You can warm all of your email senders right there in Instantly. It's got a built-in lead database that is unbelievable with really high quality lead data. You can split test and you can use really advanced new AI prompts to generate more information.

But the best part is that Instantly is the most fairly priced email sending tool that I have ever come across. So if you're looking for an email sending tool to use to apply these templates and to start generating meetings and sales right now with cold email, sign up for a free trial at Instantly. You won't regret it.