Hey guys, Raoul here. Super excited to show you Insighted 2.0 and the simplest way known to man on how to create code email campaigns. So I'm going to quickly show you how easy it is with my SA Church that I have for the filters.

I have these leads here, 125. I can select all the results, click add to campaign, create new campaign, test 123, add to campaign. Now it's adding all the leads to campaign.

I'm going to verify them on the background so you don't have to use any verification tools. We're going to do it. I create a new campaign and the leads are in the campaign and they're in the verification queue.

They're going to be verified within a few minutes max. Meanwhile, you can create sequences, add a template, schedule it, launch a campaign and it will be sent out to all these leads that will be verified. So that's how simple it is to create campaigns with our new lead finder.

And the verification is one part. We're going to automatically verify all the leads. And also let's say I added 100 leads to my campaign and eight of them were verified.

We credit you back for those 20 unverified leads. We're not going to credit you for those leads. This is what most other companies are doing.

We don't do it. You get only created for the verified leads. So you can search for leads, create campaigns super quickly and only pay for the leads that are actually verified, which you can actually reach out to that actually have an email account.

So super excited. I hope you got the gist of how simple it is. Now, let me walk you through a couple of the filters and just like show how I would use the tool.

So let's remove these ones. We have the job titles. So you can target CEOs, CFOs, whoever you want to target.

You can enter them. Location, whoever you want to go after. Industry, we have industry and the sub-industry.

So I use this dropdown here. You can target a specific employee size, a specific revenue. You can also target keywords.

Let's say I want to add like agency. So this is right now in beta. We're working on it to make it better and better.

We're adding around 1 million new keywords a day. So there's going to be much more tomorrow than it is today. And we want to make it the best lead friends on that planet.

But right now it's beta, test it out, let us know how it works, how it can make it better. Same with lookalike domains. You can enter a domain like apple.com and we find similar domains for you.

You can target. But here you can see with agency. We have 200,000 results.

And if I want, I can again, select all the results, reach out to them if I have a big enough plan, or I can select a specific number. Let's say I want to add just 125 leads to campaign. Add the campaign.

Agency test. Create new campaign. Add the campaign.

Same stuff works. It will add all the leads to my campaign. Check it to duplicates and verify them on the background.

So the verification part, the simplicity of getting campaigns is the main thing why we created, why we made it so simple for you to get results. We didn't like going outside in the third point tools. It's like going out so instantly.

There's always a little bit of blocker. Makes the workflow worse. So we go open a campaign.

We'll see again, all the leads that are in verification queue. And let's finish. Let's move this one.

So lookalike domains technologies. You can go for, let's say, Shopify. And we have tons of even like Shopify plugin.

If you want to go super specific, I can ask Shopify here. And if I have all the websites that are using Shopify, then you can combine it. Let's say revenue 10 to 50 million.

You know, more filters. You want to target, let's say, only management level, C level decision makers. So 4,000.

And then you can even target names and company names. If you want to go super specific. And yeah, once you've added those filters, you can then select the page or results or a specific number like I showed you.

You can add to campaign or download a CSV file. You can do with that CSV file, whatever you want. You can also save the search.

Let's say this is a search I'm going to use monthly. I can change this. See, level Shopify, save.

Now let's say clear. I go to Elite Finder. I have my saved searches here.

I can also use this button, see all for all my saved searches. If I click it, it will open the search with the same filter. So it's really simple to get back here, add more leads to my campaigns.

If I want to do that. Another part that I would recommend is play around with the filters, try to figure out unique ways to find the leads. There are multiple ways to find the same leads.

Most people are just doing simple as like job title, let's say CEO. But let's say that's like very specific search, but like if you take this away and you go for management level, it's a C level, which is all decision makers. Also really good type group.

You can just try these ones. Then play around with the technologies, play around with different locations, different employee sizes. And bear in mind that with the revenue numbers, there's not revenue available for every company.

So this will take away a lot of leads. But if you want to get very specific, like start with them, then remove it and go more broad. If you want a wider approach and yeah, super excited again, let us know what features should we add.

We're planning to add millions of more leads to it. Just add more leads to the database. Work on the keywords, look like domains, bunch of cool other stuff planned.

But let us know in the comments, in the live chat, what kind of features would you love to see here? How can we make it even better? If there's your niche or your industry doesn't have enough leads, let us know what industry it is.

We'll try to find leads for that to make it the best tool on the market. Thanks again for watching, like subscribe and see you on the next one. Cheers.