B2B marketing is becoming ridiculously easy. Today, I can literally set up my whole marketing campaign in 20 minutes, which gives me more time to work on the business, work on fulfillment, team, hiring, sales, things that actually matter. So in this video, I'm gonna do is I'm gonna break down the exact 20 minute a day strategy that I use for B2B marketing.

And this is something you can literally copy and paste so that you can start growing your business, spend more time working on the business, and get more leads without wasting time sending cold DMs or doing ineffective lead gen strategies. So first things first, what we want to do is we want to log into Instantly. So after we log in, what we're going to do is we're gonna create a campaign.

So add new, let's just call this dentist lead gen campaign. So after I have my campaign set up, what I will need to do first is start getting leads. So if I click on add leads, I'm actually gonna use Instantly's lead finder, which is a database of millions and millions of contacts that I can pull from and simply add to my campaign.

This makes it more efficient. This makes me be able to quickly add leads to my campaign. So I don't have to waste time trying to source emails.

I can just simply use this. So let's just use dentist, dental, orthodontist. And then let's do more filters and let's do management levels.

Let's just do C level. Let's go ahead and select the first 150 results. And all I need to do is click add to campaign.

I can do dentist lead gen campaign and I can add to campaign. I can go back to my campaigns, dentist lead gen campaign. Maybe I can like rename this since I do them frequently of like back to school angle.

Now, if we click on leads, we'll be able to see all of the leads populating. And what you'll notice is the status is in verification queue. What's also cool about Instantly's lead finder is that it's actually going to verify the leads, meaning they're going to make sure that the email's legit, everything is legit, because what we don't want to do is we don't want to send emails to unverified emails because that's going to bounce back.

It's going to ruin the legitimacy of your campaign. Then you won't end up in the inbox. After we have the leads in here, all we need to do is go ahead and click on sequences.

Sequences is basically where you're going to be able to write your email campaigns and start to build out your email campaign list. A few ways to do it, we can manually write the subject line, manually write the email, or we could use Instantly's AI generator, essentially, which will write all the copy for us. Let's name my company, Dental Leads.

We help dentists get three to four new patients per week using our dental social funnel. Target audience, dentist leads who serve kids going back to school to have a nice new smile before school starts. Case studies, so let's just say, we helped a dentist office in Arizona get 10 new patients last week.

We helped a dentist office in Texas get a family of five to become patient. How many steps in sequence, meaning how many emails we're going to do, three, that should be fine. And then let's generate, let's see what AI can do to help save me some time.

I'm just going to go ahead and use the sequence just as a starting point. So what you'll notice is subject line, quick question that piques curiosity. And what you'll see here is like random, hi, hello, hey, hey there, cool, first name, awesome.

So what this is, it's called Spintax. So what it's going to do, it's going to use one of these variables in the email. It's going to choose from one of these four.

You can have just different variables going inside of the emails. I noticed company name is doing great work in the dental field. We recently helped a dentist office in Arizona.

So the logic here is I noticed company name is doing great work in the dental field. So that's like a compliment, more of a personalized line, which I like, I appreciate. You could go even further, depending on like how niche you are getting with the list.

In this case, this should be fine. Let's just say I wanted to add more spice to my personalized line. If I click on AI prompts, what I can do is I can set up my API key with OpenAI with ChatGPT.

And I can actually have this generate some AI personalized lines. But for now, let's just leave it as is. Hey, Rom, I noticed you are doing great work in the dental field and want to reach out.

With school coming back in session the next month, this is a prime time to get families to become a patient of your office. In fact, we recently helped dentists in Arizona get 10 new patients. Perfect.

So on the second one, I'm going to actually switch this up a little bit. We know a lot of dentists rely on old school word of mouth or doing direct mailers with a little return on pretty good difficulty. This causes ebbs and flows in revenue and the ability to actually grow your business.

Are you experiencing the same? I need to add a question mark. Our dental social funnel has been very effective at helping getting new patients predictably.

Plus, we only take on one dentist office per zip code and thought you may want to own yours. Do you have time this week for a quick chat? Perfect.

If we go to leads, we go to generator, we can actually find a competitor inside of their industry. And then we can use that as a column to use as a personalized line. I like this.

It's a sense of urgency and it's following up. So to me, this is a pretty solid email and a pretty solid way to get their attention and at least get a response. As far as the call to action goes, I'm just going to do more of a direct call to action.

In this case, can I send you a personalized video on how it works? Can I shoot you some more info? Can I send over a doc explaining how it works?

So now we have a few different options that are more like, can I send you something for the second call to action? And then third call to action, we should be more direct. So save, we could preview it, make sure it looks good.

Business name is in there. My name is in there. The client's name is in there.

Subject line is great. Love, quick question. And we're now ready to rock.

So now all we have to do is we go to schedule and what we can do is we can start sending these emails. You'll be able to select the timing. Knowing dentists, probably what I would do is I would probably do 7 a.m.

to 7 p.m. and I would just send it every single day. And then I click save.

Then I go to options. I can select the accounts to use and then stop sending emails on reply. I'm going to uncheck stop on auto reply.

And then daily limit depends on how many accounts I have active at around 50 per email. So if you put one in there, I would make this 50. Then we save and we can launch this bad boy.

And what's cool about this is once you start getting the emails, everything is going to go inside of your unibox. You can see all of the responses by campaign. So if I go dentist lead gen campaign, I'm going to be able to see all of the responses specifically from that campaign.

If I go to instantly CRM, I can see all the emails that I'm getting from the campaign. I can go to opportunities by campaign. I can see everybody who's interested.

I can see everybody who has a meeting booked, all that good stuff. If I go to leads, I can see all the leads that are in here, what campaign that they're in. If I click on this one, for example, I can pull this up and I can see, cool, this person opened my email.

I can see the company description of them. I can literally SMS from there. All that stuff simply done through instantly.

And another cool thing inside of CRM too is I can do sales flow. So let's just say that I want to make this a hot lead. A hot lead is considered all leads who opened an email more than three times in the past 14 days and clicked on the link more than two times in the past 14 days.

So knowing this, I can see all the leads that are going to come from my dentist campaign. That gives me from a data perspective is I'm going to follow up with these people. I'm going to hit these people hard.

So I'm going to check on this daily as well as part of my 20 minute setup and make sure I have all these optimized and set up. And then basically daily, what I'm going to do is I'm going to review my analytics. I'm going to check the unibox.

I'm going to respond promptly. I'm going to have speed to lead because that's going to be extremely important and continue to refine my campaigns as we go. So guys, that is my 20 minute B2B marketing strategy that you can literally steal, copy and paste.

If you're interested in the software that I just went through, you can click the link down in the description. And a cold email is only as effective as the copy that you actually write inside of the cold email. So if you want more information on how to write killer cold email, go ahead and click this link right here.

Thanks so much for watching. We'll see you on the next video.