After watching this video, you'll never have a problem coming up with copy per cold emails ever again. What's up guys, Raul here and in this video we're going to be exploring one of the instantly coolest and hidden features. This tool will give you copy ideas no matter what niche you're in, what niche you're selling to, who you're messaging or what you're selling.

Safe to say, it's a game changer if you use cold emails to get clients. So smash the like button, hit the subscribe button and let's dive into it. I'm right now in instantly.ai dashboard.

What you want to do is you want to go to the campaigns, open your legendary campaigns and under sequences there is this button that not many people know is there. It's our fault, we should have made it bigger, we might improve it. But here you can see templates and if you click on it you see tons of different templates that we've added for lead generation, for lead generation agency, video production, marketing and advertising, coaching, follow-ups, TikTok agencies, content marketing agencies, conversion rate optimization agency, e-com, email marketing agency, SEO agency, recruiting firm, short-form content content repurposing, digital agency, business coaching, web development firm.

So these are all the main niches that we have in here. And before we get into them, I want to show you quickly if you are doing your own copy, let's say right here, copy number one, you can also save this, click this drop down button next to the save button, save as a template. Let's put test copy.

Now, if I click the templates, I'm going to have the custom templates here and I have my test copy. So this is transferred over to other campaigns. So if I now create the completely new campaign and I want to use the same copy, this is much simpler than just like copy pasting and you can give it to your VA's and you can ask your VA's to add those custom templates in here.

But now how you know how to do your own templates, let's dive into templates and how I usually work with them. The misconception is that I looked at a lot of templates, but nothing is working for me. Templates should be just like a guiding, guiding light for you.

It's not supposed to be precisely exactly for your business. Sometimes it might be like that. But most of the times it's just to get rid of the writer's block, get you going, get you off the starting block and you can start getting those ideas out super quickly.

So let's do leads and recent agency. I'm just going to take a random one. I don't even know which one they are here.

Let's do getting leads for income agencies. Use template. Hey, so I reached out because we recently had you bringing interest leads for an agency helping income brands.

We were able to get them 30 leads the first one. So here what I would do, I would just switch this up to your honest case study. Let's say you brought the 15 leads at that here.

Now I'm looking for two more agencies in December, January to bring up similar income stores interesting in growing their revenue. So right now it works out great because it's December, January, and you're mentioning at the end of the year, you're wanting to bring more clients. It adds some more urgency.

It adds some understanding to the email that this was written right now. It seems much more specific and personalized, but you can change it up. And then are you free anytime for a quick chat?

I would love to see your plan. Let's say you don't want to do the call. You can do just change it up.

Mind if I send more info and then switch it up to your name. With this one, save boom, boom. You already have a campaign out.

So the main usage of templates is to just cut down the time, tenfold of what it would be to coming up with a template from scratch. So I already have a different one. So what I would do is add a variant for a different one.

I would go again. Let's go through templates. Let's take the second one.

Use this one. Hey, do you go and have a repeatable search to land clients month to month? I'm asking because we've been helping.

Then you have the dark group here. Generate this. You add it here by using your approach.

We declare the messaging back and work and ultimately yielding you their result. Would you be interested in learning more? So again, like this one, just I would fill it in with my information and say to go and go again, save.

And now I have, I can already A-B test two templates and it took me what, like 30 seconds to add those. So that's what you should be doing. Get rid of the mental blocks of all.

I need to process and do this. Most templates here are tested. Like these are working.

So I just want to go through them, see what you like, what resonates with you. I like shorter ones. So I can just like take some of it.

Let's take this one. Let's say I don't have personalizations. I will just remove this.

Reach out because I've had these new success offering Google ads. Let's say we, this client was the e-comm ads. Let's do offering e-comm.

It's offering e-comm marketing. Let's see what you guys are doing. Now I want to do the same two more agencies in December.

I'd love to show you a plan on getting a 50 minutes in the next three months. Are you free anytime this week or a quick chat? Cheers.

Boom. Save. Again, I have another one that I can test.

And we're adding around five new templates every week. So 20 a month. We're always adding them.

If your niche is not in here and if it's like not too specific, like, I don't know, something that only you have, then write it down in the comments or write in our live chat in here or Facebook group. And we're happy to create those templates for you guys and just help you get started much faster. And second part.

So this is the templates. And if you go to on the bottom left corner here, in the accelerator, you go to copywriting. We have a bunch of other strategies here that you can combine with those templates.

So if you go to the copywriting masterclass and you scroll down a little bit, let's go to these strategies. So one sentence email. So you can take a template and remove everything, just leaving it one sentence.

You can take whatever template and then using a research angle, asking them if you're willing to answer a few questions. So you have like some examples here too. You can ask for an intro podcast angle.

You can translate the copy. Let's say you take a template and you're targeting Germany. You're targeting Finland.

Then you can translate it into Finnish. You can translate it into whatever country you're targeting. If your local language is different than English.

And then just combine these. Take those templates, combine them with different strategies from here. There's like so many different ones.

And then do this every day. Like that's how you get success with it. It's not supposed to be, oh, I tried this template that didn't work.

I showed you we have hundreds of templates. We have like 30 different strategies you can test. So you can just take this copy.

You can take this template and switch it up and then do this every day. Send 100 or 200 emails each copy, each template. If you get positive responses, scale it up.

If you don't get one, create the new one. Take another template, another one, another one, another one. And finally, if you go to copywriting here, you also have this 600 templates bookmark.

So this again from all around the web that we scraped together in a spreadsheet. So you can check those templates out there as well. But the easiest way to start is just inside the instantly sequence builder.

And just so we can recap, you go to the sequence part and this templates button here. You click it and you click use template. It will add the template into the sequence.

So try it out. Make sure to fill it out with correct information. Don't just start sending it.

Fill it out with your name, your company, whatever the template requires or remove them. Edit them. Make them specific to your company.

Improve on them. Make them feel more like you. You have something unique like you are, like you said, you have your own source.

Use that. That's been working great for us. And yeah, hope this helped.

Try it out. Go to instantly.ai in sequence editor, click templates and start testing these out. So I hope you like this video.

Don't forget to like it. Hit subscribe. I'm going to be back with some cool videos soon.

Thanks so much, guys. See ya. Bye.