Hi everyone. So we just added another new feature into instantly which will now allow you to change the data and status of your leads. So the way you access this new feature is by going into a specific campaign, going to the leads tab and then clicking on a single lead.

So what you'll see is a new tab will pop up which will have two tabs in it called lead details and activities. So the activities tab will just show you what has been happening with this lead. So you'll see when an email was sent to it, when they opened, when they replied, all this kind of stuff.

And under lead details, you'll be able to edit all the variables without having to like re-upload this lead. So let's say if their company is actually something different, you can rename it here. And in a week or two, we'll also add the option to add variables here.

So you can actually, if you find a new variable you want to add for this lead, you can just add them here as well. And then moving up to the dropdown here, now you'll be able to set a status for your leads. So when you first upload a lead, they will all be marked as just a lead.

But let's say if you get an interested reply from them, book a meeting with them, you can assign this here. So let's say this person is interested in your service. So you mark it as interested.

Now what will happen is this lead will no longer receive any emails. So this will be essentially paused in your campaign. And but if any chance you do an accident and you want to like put it back, you can just change it back to lead.

And it will again be put back into the sequence and it will continue receiving follow-ups. So this button also exists in the unibox. So if I go into unibox, choose a lead from here.

So I can again choose a status that fits this lead. So there are all kinds of options here. And basically why this is good is let's say you have someone who is out of office, you want to contact them later.

So in a week or two, we'll also add filters here to the left. So basically you can just filter out people who are out of office that you want to follow up with, or any kind of other status that you apply from here. So let's say they're not interested.

You still want to try to hit them up sometime later. You can filter them out like this. And yeah, so that's pretty much it.

Thanks for watching. Bye bye.