I am super excited to show you a new feature that we are launching that will save you hours and hours of time on your setup. If you've done any campaigns on a scale, buying new domains and inboxes and setting up your DNS records can be a huge headache. And so what we've done is we've made this whole process a simple couple clicks of a button for you.

So what I'm going to do in this video is show you how to use this new feature and we're just going to jump right in here. So head over to our website, instantly.ai, log into your account. Once you're logged into your account on the left-hand side in the dashboard, click on email accounts.

Then you're going to click on add new. And under here, you'll see the new done for you email setup option. So let's just click on here.

At this point, after you've clicked on that, you're going to type in the domain that you're wanting to create subdomains for. After you've typed in the website that you want subdomains for, we will start suggesting subdomains for you. If you don't like any of the options that are initially brought up, click on search more and we will create more options for you.

And then once you see a name that you like, click on it to select it. And you can select as many or as few as you like. So what's cool here is these are all .coms, right?

So we're trying to get you a good strong domain. So once you've selected the domains that you like, click on the next button and make sure to put in the forwarding domain or the main domain that you're creating these subdomains for. So that when we set up the whole process for you, they all forward to it.

Type in the name that you want. Obviously, this is my name. So it's where you're instantly generating emails based off of that.

If for some reason you don't like the names that we've created, you can easily delete them by clicking on the trash can and you can type in new ideas and then click on add. Now we are only creating three inboxes per domain. That's our recommendation.

So if you click five domains, you're going to get 15 inboxes. Down here at the bottom, you can see how much your monthly price is going to be and how much your annual price will be depending on how many domains and inboxes you've selected. After that, you click on place order.

It will take you through the whole payment process. After that, once you've paid for it, it can take us 24 to 72 hours for us to set up everything and the DNS records to propagate. And you will see under the emails tab on your dashboard, anything that is in the process of being set up, this is what it will look like for you.

So it's super simple. It's that straightforward and easy. Check it out, use it, make your life way easier, and feel free to reach out if you have any questions.

Thank you very much. Bye-bye.