The second part of a good email is your offer slash targeting. And I would say it's one of the most underrated parts of high converting code email copy. If your offer is saturated, it flat out sucks.

No copywriting tip will really help. So I recommend if you haven't already $100 million offers by Alex Ramosi to create no-brain offer. We used a strategy from there in our leaching agency, also a little bit for instantly.

So 100% worth to read it through, understand what makes a good offer and using those tips in your cold email is going to help you a lot. So definitely, definitely, definitely work on your offer, not just cold email copy. If you have an agency and you work with clients, only work with proven offers.

And if you're creating your own offer, make sure it resonates with your target audience. And there is a big problem that you're solving for them. In our agency, the biggest problem clients were the ones that we just took on board.

We were confident that we can get them results, but what they told us on a sales call and an onboarding call, they didn't really have a product market fit or they want to go after new angles. They want to go after markets. They didn't know we're working, so we had to test it.

And it turned out most of them didn't work. So if you can go after clients, they have a proven offer. They have worked with cold email.

They have a sales team and you know, it works. You just need to figure out some better copy, scale it up. That's the perfect type of customers.

And some good examples that we found worked really well. First, emerging markets and fresh offers. So people don't want to receive emails.

They've received 20 years about all the old offers that are out there. So for example, like TikTok advertising, still new. They're still going to grow.

A lot of companies aren't on TikTok yet. Sustainability is a good one. Then digital agencies, especially TikTok influencer marketing with unique offers and strong case studies.

High ticket coaching and consulting. So this is a little bit ROI question. High ticket is much easier for cold emailing than lower ticket SaaS.

But we found great results in business marketing, sales and management. And then SaaS and enterprise software, especially funded companies that want to grow. They want to figure out their product market fit.

They want to see what works for them. If they have big yearly deals, usually SaaS is more unique than offering services. And it works really well.

And some hard examples, some examples that I would avoid. I'm not saying it's not going to work. It will work if you do it well.

But if you're starting out, I wouldn't start with this. So M&A companies, unless very broad market. SEO companies, it's really outdated offer.

Most successful companies have an SEO agency already. They received SEO emails like get first in Google. 20 years, everybody has received an SEO email.

Don't start with that if you have other options. So web development, again, outdated. Everybody has a website.

And it's very situational. Like you don't need it before you need it. It's very hard to just pitch it like, hey, would you like a new website?

Like, no, I have one. Like maybe in the future, I can write a reminder for myself. If I need it, I will contact.

But it's very situational. Web channel branding, same thing. It's also hard to justify sales or the ROI of a new website or branding, especially if you're selling business cards.

Something that doesn't really tie into that company's main goals, their main KPIs. Most e-com focused agencies. So e-com founders aren't much into email marketing.

I mean, receiving cold emails and also every good e-com store. They already have Facebook marketing agents. They have an SEO agency.

Most of the time they already have somebody. So again, it's about timing. If they don't like the agency or they want to go into new markets, then it might work.

But otherwise it's like very saturated, one of the hardest markets. So small markets where there's less than 50K leads, it can work if you do very personalized, specific emails. But it's not scalable.

The same thing like only targeting women or men. It's going to make your life so much easier. But if you're starting out, it might actually be blessing in disguise.

Because if you're targeting women, you can write a very specific copy around women that will resonate with them. So it will stand out and actually get more results. But it's usually not very scalable.

And then old school businesses. This is again, once we were doing our leads in agency, we're getting a bunch of interest from old school businesses. But they don't know how to close from cold email.

It's very hard to teach them that. And they will be mad at you if you get them results. And then they don't close them.

They're going to blame you for getting the bad leads. But it's like on them. So I wouldn't recommend starting with that.

And then what you want to do is getting granular. Instead of Facebook ad agency, better option, Facebook ad agency for SaaS companies. Be as specific as possible to resonate more.

I'm going to talk about resonating variables in a bit in the next couple of videos. But just be more specific, as specific as you can be. And the screen works much better.

Good example for Instantly. When we were searching for Google ad agencies, we didn't just want the Google ad agency. And most of the websites had like Google ads for e-commerce.

So we hired a Google ad agency specifically for SaaS, B2B SaaS. That has worked exactly the type of companies that we are. Another one.

Instead of digital agency, digital agency that helps sustainable income stores. Here's an actual example from our leaching agency. We had a really cool digital agency.

And they were only targeting sustainable income stores. And in the beginning, we're a little bit afraid. That's going to be very hard because it's such a niche product.

But it turned out to be one of our best clients. It was super easy to get leads for them. Because they resonated with the other sustainable stores.

So if we are a sustainable marketing agency. And we reach out to sustainable income stores. We have the same mission.

We stand out from all the other agencies that are doing this marketing for everybody. We have a very specific niche. And it will resonate really well.

So try to figure out what are the most specific angles you can hit with your offer. If you're doing SEO. Like try doing SEO for just recently funded SaaS.

Or accounting companies. As specific as you can be. You're going to get more results.

And in my book application. And there is an 세대's serviceONE UKAR. You have both been resilientezię.

You want to take care of Facebook website, yeah. You want to have auto说 for someone to pay attention. And we can start with the fee.

I want to get stuff on Facebook. But it's beneficial for effective sahaine. And let's do that too.