So now that you've made sure that your tech setup is all done correctly, you can move on to the fun part, which is actually creating, optimizing your email campaigns. So in this section, we'll cover email account warmup, finding verifying leads, writing copies, and then also launching and scaling campaigns. So let's get right into it.

So the first thing you want to do is warm up your email accounts and domains. And what email warmup is, is basically just a system mimicking human conversations between email accounts. So you can think of it as you sending emails back and forth with a friend, opening them, replying to them, but this is all being automated.

So what this does, it shows all the email providers that your emails are getting opens, they're getting replies. So this must be a legitimate sender sending out valuable stuff. And thus also for other people, your emails should be landing in the inbox as well.

So here's an example of what a typical warmup email looks like. So I zoom in, hopefully you can see it. So it's just hi, Rayo.

I just want to give you a quick heads up that I may be reaching out to you soon to talk about a new opportunity. So basically it's just AI written content that mimics human conversations. And the way you can tell it's an warmup email is by the IWE at the end of the subject line, which will be added every single time.

So you can actually tell that these aren't real people sending out real emails. So now let's cover the default settings for warmup. So what you want to do with a fresh account is just enable warmup and keep the settings on default, which is increase per day is one.

So this is how it ramps up your emails to this daily maximum limit, which is 20 for the default. So it starts at one next day, it will send two, three, so forth. And a reply rate of 30%.

So some people might ask, why isn't this higher? So this is the industry average of what legitimate emails get. No one gets 100% open rate, reply rate, because that's just not realistic.

So 30 is like the sweet spot. So yeah, that's how you basically want to do it. Yeah.

Now let's cover the advanced settings that we have. So there's two things you can choose is read emulation and warm custom tracking domain. You want to enable both of these.

And as a final thing, we have a random email range, which will be coming out soon, where you can actually randomize the amount of warmup emails that go out per day. So it's not the same number each day that you set in the settings above. So what read emulation does to quickly cover this is it automatically spends time looking through the warmup emails, mimicking human behavior again, like actually scrolling, actually keeping it open.

And what warm custom tracking domain does, it adds your custom tracking domain into your warmup emails. So also that will be warmed up. And basically email providers will see that emails that have this custom tracking domain in them also get opens and replies.

So that custom tracking domain being in the email is completely fine. And so, yeah, let's cover how to properly warm up your sending accounts. So basically I will zoom in again.

But if you go into instantly for each of your account, you will have this flame icon next to it. And if you just click on it, it will turn green. And what that means is that warmup is enabled.

And if you haven't changed any settings, the warmup default settings will be applied. And that's basically what you want for your fresh domains. So, yeah, how long should you be warming up?

So the recommended minimum amount is for fresh domains and accounts to be warmed up for at least two weeks. But if you can and have extra time, you should warm them up for a bit longer. But four weeks is sometimes even better.

And a good rule of thumb to keep in mind is a 50-50 balance between your cold emails and warmup emails. So once you've done the warmup, you're ready to send out emails. What you can do is send exact same amount of cold emails that you have warmup emails.

So basically the reasoning behind this is that your cold emails basically hurt your sending reputation because these are cold outreach. Some people might report them, they might end up in spam. And warmup on the other hand, I will always be getting replies and opens.

So this will kind of build back your sending reputation. So these are always like counteracting forces and having them balanced is a really good idea. So basically you have to cover this quickly.

For fresh accounts, you want to warm up for at least two weeks, then start sending slowly. If you have extra time, you can warm up for longer. It can be even better.

And yeah, that's pretty much it for warmup. So next we'll cover finding and verifying leads. So next we'll cover finding and verifying leads.

Here's to layer solid