Let's talk about something that will help you save time in the long run. Instead of writing first lines manually for each different person, you can write lines in more general terms, but still personalized. This can be about the location, weather, fun facts, or just general pattern interrupt openers that will make you stand out from people that don't use them.

The beauty of this is you can send the same line to thousands of people targeting the same segment and they still seem personalized to them. The more specific you can get, the more personalized your approach will look. So instead of targeting the entire US or California, target Los Angeles, you can even go simpler.

And some examples, so location-based, so you're also from the location, small word, how's life in, in case you haven't been there in a while. You can do sports teams, so you're from New York, I'm a Knicks or a Nets fan. You're targeting the e-comm.

Then when I saw the newest collection, I want to reach out straight away. So e-comm specific, they probably have a new collection. When I saw the product images, I want to reach out straight away.

Wow, your site loads super fast. Good job. Love your product-based layout.

You must get over 2% conversion with it. So first product-based layout, they probably worked a lot on the product page. And then you know the average conversion rate for e-comm.

You can use that. Time specific, wanted to reach out before everybody goes on Christmas break. This again will seem not like a template, very specific.

Hope you're not in weekend mode yet. Standing on Friday. Wanted to catch you before lunch.

Before lunch. Then weather. This is like interesting one.

If you see, let's say you're targeting Australia. It's the rainy season there. You can use that.

If there's a typhoon, something going on in the location. Mention that. If it's super cold, like mentioned that.

Training topics. So whatever's going on right now in their niche specifically, you can use that. At job positions.

If you're targeting a specific job position, you can just congratulate your new position. And then challenge specific. Love the insights you've been posting on Twitter.

Your LinkedIn profile was impressive. Found you on channel. Then various just random ones.

You might not remember me mainly because you never met, but I wanted to. The funny one. I got your email from your ex.

Just kidding. Sorry for a mini heart attack. So you can try a little bit funny first lines that still stand out, but seem more personalized and like not having any line there.

Couple of options on getting more ideas. So seeing trends on Google trends, seeing what's popping right now. Same with Twitter trending.

You can use VPN to switch between different geos to see what's popping on their location. Water forecast. Federal holidays.

Google random industry facts. Industry specific news and random fun holidays. You can tweak into your cold emails.

You can change the limits. See you much. See you much.

See you much. See you much.