All right, let's take a look at some other strategies of cold email campaigns and copy you can do. This is one of my favorite ones, one sentence email. People's attention span is so short.

Maybe scrolling, it's like so hard to keep them engaged. And if your email is super long, nobody's going to read that. Keep your email snappy to the point with one sentence, maybe two sentences.

And it's a really good cold email copywriting practice to get into. For example, quick question, first name, first name, we will tool that can help you get 500 meetings a month, mind if it's more info. That's it.

Super simple. One sentence, not even like high, mind if it's more information. Try to get in the habit of every time you have a new campaign, new offer, new client, try to figure out one sentence email, test it out.

It's one of our best working. It gets you replies. It's simple.

It makes it super easy to respond to. It flat out works. Strategy three, research angle.

So this is really interesting one. In our agency, we had a client for whom we didn't get pretty much any responses. I think we got like three or four in three months.

And once we switched research angle, we got 16 responses. So instead of pitching your offer, you ask your prospects if they're willing to answer a few questions for research you're doing. Most people would love to answer relevant questions, a quick interview.

And later, once you've already talked with them, then if it seems like a good fit, you can pitch your offer. So it's taking the longer route. It's going to put more effort on your part.

Like I mentioned, if you put more effort, you're going to get better results. Here's an example. Hey, Tom.

We're writing a research paper on income stores like your company. And would love to ask you a few questions about your offer specific questions. For example, I would love to ask a few questions about how you're growing your store right now.

Mind if I send some questions over. Happy to share insights with you later and add a link to your website once you publish it. So you ask if it's okay to send questions and you're giving something back to them.

Happy to share insights we found and add a link to websites so they get a backlink as well. So strongly recommend it, especially if you're doing it for yourself. You can always try the research angle.

Just make those connections out there. If you're doing it for a client, get your client's approval first that they're okay doing this. If they are great, you're going to get responses for this.

Strategy four, asking for an intro instead of pitching straight away, or if you don't know exactly who the right person the company is to target, use this one. Hey, first name. Who's right person in this company to talk about growth, to talk about accounting, whatever your offer is.

This is a good way to just ask for an intro and nothing more. Strategy five, podcast angle. Similar to the research.

If you have a podcast or planning to do one, then this is one of the best ways to make connections and get them respond to your emails. So you can get very high response rates. Hey Tom, we have a podcast where we chat about e-com stores, e-com store owners like you.

I would love to have you on to talk about your experience growing your company. Mind if I send some time's over. Best Alex.

Like super simple. Everybody loves talking about their business, their experience, the success they had. So this is, again, takes more effort, but it works.

Strategy six. This is Korean. And when reaching out to countries where English into main language, try translating your copy to local language to increase response rates.

Pretty straightforward. Once we started doing this in Europe, for example, this is a German copy, we started getting many more responses. In US, unfortunately you can't do that mostly, but if you have clients all over the world, localize the copy, you're going to get more responses.

Strategy seven. Customized images. This is something we haven't really done ourselves a lot, but we know some of our partners have had success with this.

Again, it takes a little bit more effort. But a really good example that I like is, for example, if you're selling design or app development, you can use mockup and just change up their picture in the mockup and their name. So this Chuck Jones, if you're targeting fitness instructors on Instagram, switch it up in the emails for the specific person targeting their name and their picture.

Because then, like, they already made a mockup of what my app could look like. And this will, again, help you get more responses because you put in more effort than all those other users just sending regular emails. Strategy eight.

Loom video. Instead of pitching them with text, send them a Loom video or ask, is it okay to send them a Loom video showing how you can help them? Hey Tom, your Twitter posts are amazing.

Have a thought about turning them into videos because we created a tool that turns your tweets into TikTok videos automatically. I made a quick Loom video for you on how it works. Mind if it's in the world.

So you made a Loom video specifically for them. And if you say yes, you can then create the video. You don't have to even do it before.

But again, you will stand out. It shows you're willing to put in some more effort than the average cold emailer. Strategy ten.

Asking for permission instead of pushing your agenda and stealing straight away. Ask your permission first. Is it okay if I send more info?

Is it okay if I send your link? Hey Tom, your Twitter posts were amazing. And I know you get pitched a lot.

So I want to ask your permission first to see if you're okay if I show you a tool we created that turns your tweets into TikTok videos automatically. Mind if I send more information. So instead of being this pushy salesman that just like throws your content out to them, you're being respectful.

You're giving them the chance to select if they want to get a response from you. If they want to get more information. If they're interested.

And then you send them the content information, the Loom link. This works really well. Try this out.