All right, let's take a look at the tech stack, the tools you need for the sales process. So the first one, instantly or any code email sending tool for doing outreach and filling your pipeline and opportunities. So this is, again, must have.

You need to have your own engine, predictable code outreach engine that you can fill, scale and manage on your own. You don't want to rely on anybody else. Set this up for yourself so you can get leads and get better at sales by doing a lot of calls.

Then super underrated, just using Gmail, Drive and Calendar for creating assets, having a folder, creating SOPs and using a calendar to staying on point, knowing what you're doing every day, having a calendar. If you're doing a lot of sales, it's super important to get good at this. Then Calendly or any calendar software for booking meetings, having the first initial questions on the calendar side.

So you don't jump on calls with people that are unqualified. Then Zoom, Google Meet, whatever you want to use for running meetings. I like Zoom, just I'm used to it.

It's easy to record the demos so I can add them to a folder, check them out later. And a CRM, Pipedrive or Close for pipeline management. In the beginning, you can do it without it.

We did it for a while without any CRM. But once you start growing, you want to have a team and you want to get the maximum out of the leads. A CRM is a must-have tool just to keep your pipeline healthy.

You're on top of it and it's easy to monitor. Then Slack, if you have a team, it's optional. You can do it without it.

And then Zapier to add some automations. If somebody books a meeting in your Calendly, you can have all that information coming to your Slack. If you get a payment in Stripe, you can have a Slack notification pop up like I showed you in the previous videos.

So it's nice to have. But if you get better and better at this and you want to start automating, it's actually very useful. And the total is really cheap for the value that you're getting from it.

So if you have the money, I would recommend these tools. You can do it without them. But we recommend them.

We use them and it works nicely. We have plenty of timeslaves. We are in reduce the amount of cav Mater?

And if you have a few total of douche that has been Heroes of the need.