So now let's cover some more ways how you can improve your email campaign results. So one thing you can do is disable bad performers. So usually you have like a bunch of campaigns set up, some of them are working really good, some of them are working worse.

And what you can do is just disabling the worst performing ones and allocating their volume to the good performers. So this is kind of like a win-win situation because sending out emails that land in spam hurts your deliverability and sending out emails that get responded open to will bring back your reputation. So basically you want to make sure that there's minimal amounts of emails going out that are bad performers and maximum amount of good campaigns going out.

So this way you can make sure that there's no like damage being done to your sending reputation at all times with those worst campaigns. So yeah, this brings me to my second point is checking your campaigns daily. So as I said, you really want to catch those bad performance as soon as possible and not let them run for weeks on end and damage your sending reputation.

So what you can do is just allocate like 10, 15 minutes out of your day every day, quickly scroll through your campaigns. And yeah, anytime you notice something different, something's off. So if you're doing campaigns performing super bad, getting a lot of bounces, whatever, you really want to catch those things early and stop them because yeah, otherwise there'll be like a negative snowball effect, which will just damage your sending reputation.

You really don't want that to happen. Then another thing you should be doing is testing different copies. So usually the first few ones you write, even if they may work, they're probably not the most optimal and what we've seen from our experience is that for every offer, there's a copy and target combination that will basically bring you a lot of meetings.

So you just have to find that. And the best way to find it is by just testing different copies and targets. So again, I suggest you go through the copywriting document.

We cover basically everything you need to know about copywriting and how to stumble upon those really good performers. So yeah, go check out the document. I'll put it in the description as well.

Then another thing you need to do is testing different leads. So like with everything, you should be testing different things, different databases, different targeting, different locations. So basically anything that your offer allows you to change, you should change.

So if you can target like a lot of different issues, you should try targeting all of them. You never really know what works before you try. And yeah, if you find like a database, a specific set that works really well, you can double down on it.

But yeah, you don't really know before you test. So again, check out the lead mining masterclass document. Everything is covered in there.

Make sure you read through it all and yeah, make sure you test different leads. And yeah, that's pretty much it for the testing and optimizing part. All right.

Let's see you during theрод. Okay. So plan textbooks.

All right. So plan textbooks you to get a languageě. I need just paper textbooks for you to buy one other neighborhood Н now.

I need to get a lot of time. Get free textbooks. Yeah.

And maybe that's a bit. All right. It's got a lot of high school members in there.

And I oh, no, at year. And just they're just a couple of times. About five.

That's a big 일 oninguished. All right. We've spent a lot of time doing this.

All right. And we can certainly set it up. The first episode of the debate that happened with the flagship hour table and All right.

Right. peaceful theater.