So in this video, I'm going to give you a high-level overview before we get into the actual steps, just to show you everything a sales process consists of. And it's everything that happens from reaching out to turning them into a client. And there are tons of steps in between.

That's why it helps if we can split those up, just smaller portions, and that makes it more easily digestible. So I have this sales process audit sheet, and the link is in the description and in the document. But these are the portions what we consider to be a part of the sales process.

So there are three main parts. Before the call, on the call, and after the call, and also a little bit about the team. But before the call, you need to get good at handling positive responses, you need to get good at following up with responses, you need to have a good calendar page, setting up meeting confirmation emails, 24-hour reminders, one-hour reminders, setting up Zoom integrations, having qualification questions before a call, and having all the marketing assets ready.

Then on the call, how to do a quick intro, qualification questions, how to give a quick overview, showing your track record, success stories, showing the main high-level overview, pretty much what I'm doing right now, before getting into the actual meet. Objection handling, knowing how to answer the main objections that come up. If you're prepared, you're going to be so much better at sales already.

Then creating the Grand Slam offer value stacking, putting everything together, offering incentive-based pricing, this is key, we're going to go into this, offering a guarantee, and showing concrete next steps. And then once the demo has been done, people underestimate how much work still needs to be done after the demo. So how to follow up, how to do a good recap, how to do carpet pool emails, how to get the deals in faster, how to send value, success stories, more assets, using a breakup email, and setting up a system for following up in one to two months.

I also created a separate video about this on YouTube, but I'm going to go in-depth about all of these processes in the next videos. So let's get into it.