Welcome back. And before we get into precise strategies, I want to walk you through the main pieces we put together to write a good cold email. So the simple structure for cold email consists of three parts.

Personalization, it can just simply be a name or first line, dinner offer or an ask, something that you're pitching or asking them. And then call to action, which is going to be asking them to jump on a call, asking if they're okay if you send more information. And these three simple pieces, minimally, are the ones that you want to try.

There's so many things we can add on top of this, and I'm going to walk you through those as well. But start with the most simplest structure, create an email around this, and seeing all the emails that people are using instantly. I would say the biggest mistake is writing super long emails.

If you just distill it down to a much shorter, digestible email, you're already going to have better success. Here's an example. Hey, Tom.

Name, presentation. Your Twitter posts are amazing. Have you thought about turning them into videos?

Because you created a tool that turns your tweets into TikTok videos automatically. Mind if I send more info. Alex.

Super simple. No fancy signatures. No links.

No friction. Askers jumping straight to the call. So we start with name personization.

Your Twitter posts are amazing. So if they're active on Twitter, there's really good personizations. Then the ask, the question, and the offer.

Have you thought about turning them into videos? It's just an intriguing question. Because we created a tool that turns your tweets into TikTok videos automatically.

That's your offer. It's unique. It's interesting.

It's just one sentence. There's not much vagueness about it. It makes sense.

And then you just ask. Mind if I send more info. You're not asking to jump straight on a call.

It's short and sweet. Straight to the point. This is already better than 90% of the emails that are out there.

You just want to write your own personization. And figure out one, two sentences about your product, your offer, your service. That will resonate with the audience.

So here, why it resonates is because this dude, Dom, he's active on Twitter. And he probably isn't doing TikTok from his tweets. So I'm pretty sure it will pique his interest.

I don't know even if there's like a tool like this. I just randomly generated this email. But this is like interesting.

It will catch your attention. And we complement something very specific. And asking permission to send more info.

And we're going to go into this a little bit later. So like I mentioned, this is the bare minimum. There are so many things we can add.

But mostly we want to take away and just send something short and sweet. There's like not even case studies here. But this is a good starting point for every niche.

And once you create the first initial super simple email, we can start experimenting and adding more sentences, more pieces to this email. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.