because the pricing is going to be one of the biggest things you discuss and talk about on the sales call, it's super important that you have a really clear overview of what you can offer and how to structure downsells, upsells, how to offer discounts to the incentive price pricing. And what helped me a lot was just creating an offer ladder, just creating a ladder of different offers, how it can go down for yourself, for sales reps. So in our last example, so we had the main offer, 9K, and then incentive, 6K.

And I always have the main offer higher, so you can always come down a little bit and offer discounts. It's very hard to go up if I would start, even if, let's say, I'm willing to do it for 3K, I would still start from 9K. I can always come down to 3K, but it's much harder to start from 1K and go up to 3K.

So you can remove parts of the offer to come down on it, but only start coming down if they ask for it or give you pushback. It's just saying like, oh, I don't know if I need this, I don't know if that's, it's like, yeah, that's completely fine. We can do less domains, less accounts, and that's going to give you this discount.

But if you say like, yeah, this sounds pretty cool, then it's like, oh, and by the way, we can come down, we can offer this. Don't start doing it. And if for the main offer, oh, 9K, that sounds pretty good.

Don't offer the incentive then. Like, if they're ready, just like go with the main price. Don't offer discounts before they give you pushback or ask for it.

You will earn a lot more with this. And always have a reason for discount and use discounts to make the deals go through faster or get something in return. Trade discounts.

For example, if I can get started today, I can give an extra 1K off. So you're trading, then making the decision quicker, shortening your sales cycle, having you do less work because you have to legit put in hours to get the deals in. If it takes like two weeks, you're going to message them daily.

If they help you save time, get on a discount. Fair trade. If you give me a couple of references, once we're successful with you, I can give you this discount.

Again, they give you references that turn into clients, valuable for you, good trade. If you give us a testimonial, once we're successful with you, I can give you X off. Same thing.

They give you a testimonial that's going to help you close more. Fair trade. And then product-based discounts.

Yeah, like if you don't need this kind of volume, we can do less CMS, less domains, less ads, whatever your offer is, and you're getting this off. So you're already closing really well. You don't need the sales process audit.

Okay. Let's scratch that. You can do this.

No targeted leads. You told me you already have a bunch of leads. You bought the leads.

Your like old sales team gave you so much leads. We don't need to get them. You can get this much off.

And then you can come down on whatever structure pricing you guys have and then have the cheapest, like the bottom price for sales reps. So this is a little bit double-edged sword for sales reps because so from the last company, uh, one really good sales person was slinging in like 10, 12K deals. And all the other reps were selling like 12K deals split into three parts or four parts.

So like a payment plan. And then when the, when the founder asked, like, how are you selling those like higher ticket deals, which is like without any payment plans. And he has like, I can, I can offer payment plans.

So the dude didn't know he can offer the payments over like multiple months. And because he didn't know that he said, like he was completely certain confident on a colleague. Yeah.

Our pricing is 12K. It's 10K one time full price. We can split it up.

Super confident. And then the people, the prospects felt that, but the salespeople that actually knew they could offer it for cheaper payment plans. First, they hear some pushback.

They're like, the prospect is can, yeah, like 10K. It's like, okay, but I know I can pay like 10K at once. Can we do it over like a year?

Can we speed up? We, of course, we can do like three months for you. It's going to be a three something K a month for you.

And then you don't get the big deal. So same thing with offering a cheapest price. Uh, have this in mind for yourself, but if you're starting with a sales team, don't maybe give them the cheapest price or have it much higher than like the cheapest price is 5K while you could do it for like three or 2.5.

Because otherwise they're going to start selling the lower price because it's the easiest, like the cheaper the price, the easier it is to sell it, but it's not always the best way. So try not to do it. Thank you.