So now you had a good demo, you talk with the prospects, they're qualified, and you'd be surprised how much work there still needs to be done. So don't give up after the demo, unless you got close straight away. But you need to be relentless.

People are busy, that's the biggest thing. You want to have a template ready with everything you discussed and send it out straight away. Studies show the prospects forget 50 to 80% of what was discussed only a single day later.

They forget so fast. Everybody's scrolling, doing their work, they have so much stuff going on. Your job is to push the deal forward without pissing the prospect off.

And this is an art of it itself, but you can do it mostly by providing value and being helpful and friendly. That's why it helps if you took a lot of notes. Just send them recaps and follow ups based on that specific things.

And let them know. Even if it's no, they can let you know and still be friends. So if you don't get a yes, the second best thing you can get out of them is a no.

You don't want to just keep going and going and spending effort on them. Just push out no. Cool.

You can move forward and not waste your time on them. So this is the post-tomo email recap template. Create your own, but simply.

Hey Tom, thank you for the call today. We discussed 5K one-time setup fee. We can do 3K if you can try to push the deal through quicker internally and give an answer in 48 hours a week.

This is the incentive of pricing. Have a recap of everything they're getting so they can share with the team. Presentation link, timeline link, ROI sheet, and just showing them next steps.

If you give us a thumbs up, we'll change the Stripe link to get started. After the payment, you can fill out our onboarding form and book an onboarding call with us. We start with the email setup, finding leads, so whatever your process is.

After 14 days, we'll launch the campaigns. Going forward, we're going to test different campaigns. And your only job is to close the many items as possible.

Let me know if you have any questions. Looking forward to helping getting this started. And you have my word that will do everything to make it a success.

Cheers. So this is the main thing that you want to do. Just send a recap and then daily, maybe in two days, send a follow-ups, recaps, ask questions, send a screenshots of successful customers.

Just don't give up before you get a yes or a no.