All right, so we have the anatomy. We know the pieces that put together a good email. Let's go more in depth into all of these pieces.

So first, personalization. There's so much information about there, but I just want to go through it quickly. Personal lines could be created manually or with an automated tool.

Just Google those. Manual lines always work best for improving reply rates. However, if you're doing large scale automated AI, first line generators might work for you.

The easiest way to create first lines is just compliment people on their personal or business achievements, blog posts, product releases or experience. And some examples what you can go through complimenting achievements. I loved reading your story on impact innovation.

It is impressive how you've grown from 6 million to 19 million. Really good compliment. They see, they understand that you've actually went through some of their materials and have followed their success.

Second part, complimenting blog posts. I love the blog on your website, especially the post about seasonal skincare tips. I will certainly try a few of them.

So here it shows you actually went through the website, you read their blog. If people are writing, tweeting, getting out content, they're usually proud of that. And if you compliment them on their content, they're going to like it.

Three, complimenting product releases. Wow, the new skeleton band looks amazing. It will certainly be super successful.

It's a little bit generic, but again, it still shows a specific product from this e-commerce and shows you've actually put in the time to go through the website. You saw, okay, there are like fall, summer collection, some new products, something specific together with a little bit more generic line. Works nicely.

Fourth, complimenting experience. This works well if you have the LinkedIn profile already in business for 35 years. That's almost super impressive in such a competitive field.

Again, something people are proud of that they've already worked for such a long time to have tons of experience. I mentioned that. Fifth, complimenting impressive cases for clients.

This is one of my favorite. And when we were doing it at our agency, I just had a huge list of leads. I clicked on their website.

I went to the case study page and took out something that stood out for me. For example, I love the campaign you guys did for Nike. It looks super fresh.

Or you guys work for Beyonce. That must have been great. And people really love their best case studies.

Otherwise, they wouldn't have put them on their website. So use those. But it has been shown in studies that 47% of people prefer to open emails based on attractive opening lines.

Definitely adding those will help. And in the beginning, if you're doing smaller scale and are trying to figure out what works, start with this. It's a little bit time consuming, but it's going to help.

Luckily, we instantly make it super easy to integrate those lines in your campaign. So that's how you do it. First, prepare a lead list in Google Sheets or Excel and add a new column called personalization.

So it will look like this. You have your first name, last name, and then you outline personalizations. Then I would click on the website, for example, open it and write a line.

Next one, write a line, write a line, write a line. If you have a team, have everybody do this together. We had a fun time just jumping in a call.

Everybody was on the Zoom call. We're talking, laughing, writing those lines. And that feels it adds more energy to the first lines.

And it seems more authentic than just like doing it alone. But doing it alone also works. Once you have the column upload the lead list into instantly, we will automatically detect personalization column and attribute the personalization tag.

So if you upload it instantly, you will get the personalizations here, all the lines. So four, now when you're writing the actual campaign, the copy, you just need to add the personalization variable in your body copy like you would with a name or company name. So here you can see, hey, first name, then we'll add the first line, and then we go into the copy.

And that's it. Super simple. Just follow these structures.

In the beginning, do it manually. Once you get the hang of it, and once you're doing large scale, try using those AI generated first line writing tools.