And that's it. So I hope you find this guide and this video useful and you got like bunch of ideas to inspire your gold email copywriting. Feel free to reach out to me on Twitter, the links in the guide or on Instagram live chat if you have any suggestions to make the guide even better.

It's going to be a work in progress. Every time we find new strategies, I'm going to add them here. Probably going to get great new videos.

But if you want to take your gold emailing to the next level, here's all the content we've created and what I recommend you to check out. So first, our gold email setup. So step by step guide of exactly how we are setting up our campaigns.

Everything we're doing is in here step by step. So copywriting is like one part of it, but all the technical setup, how we're getting leads, how we set up the campaigns, how we optimize them is in this guide. So check that out for sure.

Then we have our YouTube channel where probably you found this video right now. We just started a couple of weeks ago. We don't have that many subscribers.

So if you found the content valuable, we're going to be sharing a lot of similar content here. We want to be one of the best cold emailing sources out there. My goal is to create the video about every sensible question I get asked about cold emailing.

So every time somebody asks me a question, I can send them a YouTube link. So follow us here. We also have a blog where we write articles.

So if you don't like videos, you like reading more than most of our strategies, some statistics, everything is in our blog here. We also have a common course called the Powerhouse. And this is pretty much the exact same strategy, the step by step guide in video form.

So if you like videos, you want to learn more about our strategy, see how we do it live. Then that course is a good place to start. And finally, maybe one of the best sources for information is our cold email masterclass Facebook group.

We have over 4000 members. We all the founders, Rayo, Nils are active in our group. You can directly talk with us.

We're sharing all the valuable insights we have. We're sharing all the new features we're launching and instantly. So if you want to be on the cutting edge, see what's going on and working right now, join our group.

The link is in the guide. Again, thanks so much. Don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube channel.

And in the comments, if you like this, I would love if you give some feedback, what you would love to see more. How can we make it even better? Thanks so much.

Bye. Bye.