Objections and looping is one of the main things you're going to encounter doing sales. You want to get really good at this. And this is a good thing.

You can practice them with your partners, with your friends, and get better and better and better at this. And you can do a lot of prep for this as well. And I recommend reading the book Objections to become a master at this.

It taught me a lot. And getting objections is actually a good thing. If somebody gives you objections, like, how does this work?

Or like, why should I take you? It means usually that they're actually considering. They're actually thinking about it.

And they just want to bet you a little bit more. They want to be super clear about everything. If you get a prospect that doesn't ask any questions, no objections, more often than not, they're not going to buy from you.

And a quick tip. If the prospect asks you something you're going to cover on the demo, don't get sidetracked. So what you can use is this.

That's a really good question. I'm writing it down and coming back to it once we reach that part of the presentation. And do you have any other questions you want me to cover?

This will frame it. So you're going to answer the question. You're going to note it down.

And they don't get a control of the situation. They don't get control of the demo. You are going to be in control.

You have a presentation prepared. You're going to show them everything. You're going to cover the question.

Just not right now. And quick tip. If you're starting out, always have a fallback if you don't know something.

Especially important for sales reps that might not know as many answers as you do. For example, it's a really good question. I'm writing it down and asking John, our expert at this topic, about after call and send over answer.

Do you have any other questions about this topic I should ask him? It's much better than just saying, sorry, I don't know. Obviously, I always want to have at least some sort of answer.

But if they hit you with something that you don't know, if you're a new sales rep, you don't know the question, have this like, yeah, really good question. I'm actually talking about this with our CEO. I'm going to write it down and get the specific answers.

I don't want to tell you something that I'm not 100% sure of. I'm going to let you know after the call. They're going to appreciate the honesty.

So some of the main objections. It's too expensive. Then you pull up the ROI sheet and tell them, yes, it's going to cost you 5K, but you potentially make 20 to 30K.

It's going to be ROI positive. And our goal is long-term partnership. We need to make sure it's profitable for both of us.

There's only one time setup fee. After the initial month, you're only going to pay for positive leads. And you just have to show them the value that you're getting and the numbers based on actual data that you have.

And if you have any kind of performance-based offer, it helps a lot with the expensive question. But most often than not, you don't want to start with discount straight away. Show the value and then later tie it in with a discount.

How much time is it going to require from me? So here, people are super busy. One of the biggest objections is if they have to do a lot of work.

So make your offer first as hands-off as possible for them. And then make them sure they understand that they don't have to do pretty much anything for us. Like just one hour, 30 minutes of initial onboarding.

We go through dark angles. After that, it's just a little bit back and forth for feedback to get things rolling. And we made it as frictionless as possible so you can purely focus on closing, whatever their goal is.

So again, make it as easy as possible for them. What makes you different? So for us, we have our own software, which has a huge advantage over the market.

Processes, process background compared to other leasing agencies that don't have that. So again, have something that makes you unique. Something that you can pull up, whatever it is that you guys are doing differently.

What do you count as a lead? So this is very specific for leasing agencies. But main question for us, we go through that.

How long does it get started? So again, really good question. You want to paint a picture in your head exactly how it's going to work and try to make the getting started period as quick as possible.

So with lead chain, cold email, there's always this two-week warm-up period when you buy the new domains. And you don't want to tell them like it's like 14 days from the start, then actually start getting results. Tell them what you're going to be doing in those 14 days.

We're going to be working together with you to find the targets, the leads, writing person's lines, going back and forth to find the best sequences, copywriting, really putting the strategy in place. And after two weeks, you can start getting those leads because we did the prep work already. So tell them you're going to start straight away.

And the guarantee, always recommended to have something, especially in the beginning. Just walk them through how it works. Either you have a money-back guarantee, action-based guarantee, something that makes them trust you a little bit more.

And then very specific question for us, like what is email warning? We'd ask you like, what's a Facebook pixel? So industry-specific questions, have those answers here, write them down.

And then can I just do it myself? Like, yes, you can. Just like make them understand how much work it takes.

So you're a founder, you're busy running the company. Yes, you could be doing this, but your time is so much better spent elsewhere. Show them the strategy document, for example, Leachan, the 50-page document.

This is everything we're doing. Yes, you can do it yourself, but with us, it's just being quicker and easier. Most companies want to focus on closing instead of doing the outbound.

But if you want to do it yourself, 100% you can do it, and we can help you. So maybe you can turn it into a given offer if they absolutely have no money for it. But you shouldn't be focusing on that, just try to make them understand they shouldn't be working on this.

You're an expert at this. That's why people are paying you money, and that's why they should do it too. Thank you.