Here are 20 more smaller, simpler strategies you can test, you can use them, combine them with the previous, like bigger strategies with the main templates. But it's a good way again to never get into writer's block, always have some things to test. But remember, always when you're running Aptests, just test one thing.

Don't do everything from this list together. Just choose one that resonates with you right now, write it out, test it, then try another one. First, do it as a joke.

Whenever I write a block, what would I do as a joke? So again, I like this a lot. I like to not get stuck in what everybody else is doing, not being too professional.

You might write something completely white, like, hey, I was just watching the new Game of Thrones series. Hey, I just came from cinema and I thought of you. Something funny completely off the wall.

If it was a joke, what would I do? You'd be again surprised how well it works. Again, you can optimize the email preview.

If you're using a phone, you have the snippet when you're on iPhone. If you're checking your email, you have the first sentence that you see. Optimize for that.

Have the beginning of the email. You can even try removing the hey name. Start with something interesting straight away.

Test it out. Use your unique advantage. Your product art group might have something that nobody else has.

Use that in the email. For instance, in the beginning, it was like one subscription for unlimited inboxes for sending a warm up. Nobody else had that.

So we went super hard for that. Use plain text. If you're using images, links, fancy signatures, remove them.

Just try plain text email. Remove spam words. They will hurt your disability.

So please don't use them. There are a bunch of lists online that will show you what you should remove. Try adding send from iPhone at the end of your signature to make it seem like you typed the email up on your phone right away.

Use urgency. We have last two spots for July available. For the next three clients, we offer X.

If you can do a call this week, I can offer you X. Get experimental with those. Remove all links.

We don't recommend sending links in the first email. If you're doing it, I recommend removing, at least testing out removing them and seeing what the results are going to be. Use sending account variable instantly.

If you're using multiple different sending accounts with different names, you can use this variable instantly to sign off to have their name on there. So for example, if instantly team have me, Raul, Rayo, Nils, if I add this, it will be the same copy, but it will change up our names on that email, depending on from which email it was sent from. Use text-based opt-out.

Instead of adding an unsubscribed link, use a text-based opt-out. Reply with no thanks if it's not a fit right now. Let me know if it's not a fit right now.

Use variables. Use variables like first name, company name, in your emails to make it more unique and customized. Experiment with different variables available.

Location, job position. Then use pattern interrupts in your emails. Ask for a 30-minute call instead of 15.

Send them a poem. Send a funny meme. Just again, go wild.

There's something new. Try to break the patterns. Break the scroll.

See what jumps up to you. Like if you're scrolling on Twitter, if you're scrolling Instagram, Facebook, what kind of things make you stop the scroll? And check it out.

And use that. Turn that into a copy. Use a funny sign-off.

Stand out. For example, over and out route. My Uber is here.

Got to go. Hasta la basta. Let me know if you didn't get this email.

Let me know if you have any questions or don't. Apologies. Insert pleasantry here.

I'll be back. Great success. Ask an intriguing question.

Instead of pitching your offer straight away, ask your prospect about something they're passionate about. For example, if you're targeting book authors, ask a question about their book. Go in-depth about something you know they love.

Sound excited. Instead of boring, formal and professional emails, break the norm with a little bit more energy. So I used to wear like, damn.

Damn, when I saw your content, I wanted to reach out straight away. Wow, your product images look so good and appetizing. I wanted to hit you up using smileys.

Remove jargon and buzzwords. So stop saying things like, will skyrocket your sales in record time. I don't even like saying very technical things that I wouldn't say in a normal conversation, especially if it's the first time messaging them.

So remove all of that crap. Then remove 90%, 80% of your copy. If you're not getting results, cut down as much noise as you can.

Just keep the one sentence, one, two sentences. Ask a challenging question. Are you good at X?

If yes. For example, in our leaching agency, are you good at closing? Because we can bring you so many leads to your pipeline, but we only want to work with people that can close.

So you put it on them. It's a little bit like a dare and a challenging one. Use Pintax.

Rego made a great video about it. I'm going to add a link here. Just switching up and making your columnar copy more unique.

Mention their competitors in emails. Again, it will resonate if they know exactly what it's working on. For example, like if you're reaching out to me and say like, hey, I work with Lemlist.

I help Lemlist do that. I'm going to know Lemlist. One of the biggest players in the market.

It's going to resonate and pique my interest more. Always talk about them. Rework the sentences so all the I and we's are displaced with you's.

Everybody wants to hear about themselves, not about you. Instead of saying, I can get you more sales with R Facebook strategies, say, have you used your offer to get you more sales? Then try using Flare.

It's everything that's not normal text. Emojis, exclamation points, capital letters. Don't overdo it, but a well-placed emoji can make your email stand out.

Change up your signature. This is a good thing to avoid being footprinted by spam engines and getting stuck in spam because if you're sending the same email, each of your emails, even if the template, the copy is different, your signature is the same usually. So switch it up so it's always unique.

Teach them something. If you have any insights or deep domain expertise that most people don't know, teach it to them. It can even be as simple as showing them how to install a Facebook pixel or telling them they should fix links on a blog for better SEO.

Use GIFs. Relevant or funny GIFs to your email will help you stand out from the crowd and increase reply rates. So I don't usually send them in the first email, but for follow-ups they work great.

We're here. Just want to make sure my viewers email didn't get burned. This got me like pop, parade, in and out.

This helps. We're getting a lot of responses on. That's funny.

So what do you want to talk about? Each continue is confident. They're all about who needs to put agree with Trump.

These glyphs are too much awake. Let's hook up underneath this video, please. We'll make sure our selvаждor to make it up and He says it.