So now that you put your email accounts into the warm-up system, you can already start thinking about finding and verifying leads that you want to contact with your email outreach. So this again is one of the most important parts of a successful cold email campaign. So basically you have to find the right people to contact that are most likely to resonate with your offer.

But on top of that, you want to make sure that these leads are verified, they're actually legit addresses. And you do that by running them through a lead verification tool. So what this does is it minimizes the amount of bounces your email campaigns will get.

And what the bounce basically is, is when you send out an email to an address that does not exist, it will not reach the destination. And this really hurts your sending reputation. Because a lot of times what spammers do is that they get huge contact lists.

And there's a lot of contacts in there that do not exist. So that's one way you can identify spammers is that they're basically sending out emails that go to people that don't even exist or email accounts that don't even exist. Because if regular people are sending emails, they really rarely actually send out emails to someone who doesn't exist or email accounts that don't exist.

They actually have a point of contact and talk to each other this way. So my colleague Nils wrote a really nice guide about lead mining and basically verifying everything. So I will link this in this video's description as well.

You can cover it. It's already like more than 40 pages long. So yeah, you can check that out.

But basically the two most important things you can keep in mind regarding leads is that your target is super relevant. So that title, that location, that company size is the most optimal to get a response from. And also the second thing is to make sure that your leads are fully verified, that you get as little bounces as possible.

So yeah, check out the guide there. It's super good. And yeah, so next we'll talk about copywriting.