So now that you have your leads ready, your copies ready and your text setup all done, you can move forward to launching and scaling your cold email campaigns. So the way you start your cold outreach can be detrimental to your results because some people get into it too fast, they scale too fast, they start with high volumes and they burn their domains right away. So it's super important to start slow.

So the first lesson here is you don't really want to send more than 50 emails per day per email account. And this includes warm up emails. So this number isn't the rule set in stone.

It doesn't mean that if you send 51 emails, everything will get blocked. It's like a generic guideline. We've seen people send this amount per email account per day and get really good results.

So that's where you kind of want to hover. And yeah, as I mentioned in the warm up article, you basically want to make sure that there's a 50 50 split between your warm up emails and cold email outreach. So basically one way you can look at it is sending out 25 cold emails, 25 warm up emails.

And yeah, so the risk reward ratio of pushing this limit isn't really worth it because you start risking your sending reputation if you go really beyond this limit. So this brings me to the next lesson. If you want to scale your total outreach, basically send out more emails, always do it by buying more domains and creating more email accounts instead of sending up more volume with the existing ones.

So basically you always risk losing your domains if you send out too many emails. So it's always better if you already have domains and email accounts that get good results, just keep them this way and just create new ones if you want to send out more volume. And the third lesson, start low and scale your cold outreach volumes up slowly while monitoring stats closely.

So what this means is that even though there's a suggested limit of 50 emails per day, that doesn't mean that you should send 50 emails on the first day. You want to start low. Like let's say you can send like two, three emails per day per email account and basically monitor results every day.

So let's say I send out like five emails with one account today and then tomorrow I check how my open rates reply rates look like and if everything looks good, I will scale it up by let's say another five. So I'll send out 10 emails. So basically that's how you should approach it.

There's no fixed rules to this, but you want to start low and make sure that everything's working properly before you scale up your volume. Because what happens is if you send out a lot of emails and they're all stuck in spam, you keep hurting your domain more and more. So it's really important to stop sending out many emails if you suspect being stuck in spam.

You don't really want to do that. So let's cover one scenario how we can safely scale up an email account that's been already warmed up for two weeks. So here's one example.

You can send out five emails on the first day, 10 emails on day five, day 10 you can send 15 emails and all the way to 25 cold emails on day 20. And as I said previously, they should be matched with 25 warm up emails per day as well. So again, this is not a rule set in stone.

This isn't like you have to do it this way. But the whole idea is that you scale it up. You don't go to maximum volumes right away.

You build it up slowly and you make sure that everything is working the way it should. So fourth lesson, do not scale up your sending volume per account unless your open rate is about 40%, warm up health score is about 98%. So again, these are not rules set in stone.

But what this illustrates is that you want to make sure that everything is working correctly before you scale up your volume. Because yeah, as I said previously, you'll end up hurting your domains even more if you do not do this. And the fifth lesson, if your open rates and or warm up health score is low, stop all cold outreach and only let warm up run.

So basically, if you suspect that you're having deliverability problems, you should stop all cold outreach and only let warm up run. You can basically think of it as restarting. So again, let warm up build up your reputation and then just start again.

Start sending from low email accounts again and monitor health again. So basically, you can see warm up brought back your sending reputation. It might happen that you hurt your domain that much that warm up can't even help.

So in this case, you should consider getting new domains, new email accounts and starting again. So yeah, to summarize this part, the main things to keep in mind are do not send more than 50 emails per day per email count. This includes warm up emails.

Start low and slow. As I said, don't go straight to 50. Start from way below and just move towards the 50 mark.

Then do not scale sending volume if metrics are not looking good. And finally, if metrics are not looking good, you should stop all cold email outreach and only let warm up run. Then just basically start the whole process again.