Hi everyone, I'm Reo from Instantly and I wanted to create this YouTube course on how to land in the inbox every single time with your cold email outreach. So the purpose of this guide will be to take you through the entire process of making sure that your deliverability is as high as possible, all the way from actually buying the domains, creating the email accounts, to actually setting up the campaigns, optimizing them, making sure they're running properly and troubleshooting all of the issues you might encounter along the way. So I know how much time you guys put into writing your email copies, getting all the leads ready, basically on the whole process you spend a lot of time and if you end up in spam, no one actually reads your emails, no one opens them, no one replies to them.

So essentially getting stuck in spam is basically just wasting time on this email outreach thing. So it's super important that you get all the basics right, do everything you can to have the highest deliverability as possible so that you actually get the maximum amount of value out of the work you put in. So in this course, on top of just teaching you all the steps you need to do, I'll also cover the why of things.

So why you need to set something up, why does it improve deliverability so you guys can actually understand and prioritize these things yourself. So sometimes it's super easy to skip something that's actually important just because it sounds like it's not that important, just because you don't understand it that well. So yeah, I'll also cover that part and I'll split all of the topics we cover here into different videos.

So anytime you need to like check on something specific, you can hop into the right video right away, don't need to watch the whole thing, search around in the video. So yeah, in this guide we'll basically cover everything from the beginning, the technical setup, buying domains, creating them, setting up all the DNS records, custom tracking domains, then running your email campaigns, how to do the warmup, why does warmup help, all the way to verifying leads, writing copies, launching cold email campaigns, and then troubleshooting them, making sure everything's running correctly, making sure that everything's healthy, what to do if you encounter problems. And yeah, so let's get straight into it.