If you reached this far and you've used all the previous examples of strategies that I've shown you, I'm pretty sure this one of them worked and you're starting to get positive responses, some questions, some interested responses. And here are the main strategies we use to turn them into meetings so you can actually close them. And it's super important.

Never underestimate this. It's so weird how many clients we work with don't take this seriously. You have to write back to prospects as soon as possible.

Strike while iron is hot. And this is one of the first interactions in the sales process and it's super important. For higher ticket offers, every interested leads might be worth 10K plus.

For some cases, if it's like 10K a month in a year, it's 120K worth customer. So deal with them like a 100 or a 10K customer. It's just a random response in your inbox.

There shouldn't be anything more important once you get those responses. We need to put more effort into this. Some key aspects.

Quick turnaround. The sooner you reply, the sooner and more likely they will book a call on your calendar. Responding as soon as you see it is ideal, but you can also respond within one or three hours, but ideally in the same day.

If you respond to leads within 15 minutes, you can literally double your income. You don't have to go to that extreme, but if you can do it, do it. This is the lifeblood of any business.

So don't let other stuff distract you from the main thing that will help you get more money. It's talking with customers. We recommend booking a daily 10-15 minutes slot into your calendar where you reply to all the positive leads.

Minimally once a day, but ideally in the morning, in the evening, maybe even in the afternoon. Make sure your responses are specific and tailored to what the prospect told you and what you're trying to accomplish. If they say they can talk next Monday at 10 a.m.

works nicely, book them into that slot yourself straight away. Instead of sending over a calendar link, asking them to book it in. If they send you their phone number and asking them to call you, do it.

Call them. Don't again send the calendar incorrect. No, no, no.

Let's do a Zoom meeting instead. This is just the first interaction. You call them.

You see if they're interested to do the qualification phase on the call. And if it's a fit, then you book them in. Ideally, of course, you want to book them into your calendar, but you can maximize your meeting rate and revenue if you do demos and calls however possible.

But to make your life easier, copy all the main questions and answers to one document, which you can use in the future, and just copy paste answers and just little tailoring for that specific customer. 90% of the questions are going to be the same. The money is in the follow up.

If the prospect hasn't booked a meeting or stopped responding within 24 hours, don't be shy to follow up and send them a reminder. Most people will actually thank you for sending a reminder. So again, if you just respond, they don't respond back.

Follow up with them. The initial call should be short. 15 minute discovery session to honestly see if it's a good fit.

Don't send over a 60 minute calendar link after post response. Once you get them on discovery call, it's a good fit. Then book them in for a longer call.

Seven, going the extra mile. One of our best clients in our agency actually bought the products from income stories that we got them for, and they shared their using the product with the actual prospect. So you can imagine how much more this would be to interest.

More than like they actually bought my product. They actually used this to actually post it about this in their Instagram story. They will stand out so much more.

So if you can, go the extra mile. And eight, try to be vague about your pricing strategy. This is a little bit counterintuitive.

Most of the questions are going to be about pricing or how it works. And I know it's annoying if people don't tell you, but it's for a reason. You want to analyze and understand the business first and see if you can honestly actually help them and then you can give them a price.

Let them know about this. Giving a price via email might scare them off. And they don't even know why they would be paying so much and what the ROI is and what you're doing.

And can you actually help them? If they persist of getting the price, give them a wide range and explain, I need to know more about the business to give you expect the quote, but ranges are from A to Z. And that's it.

If you follow these rules, most of the positive leads will turn into book meetings. And it's also an example. You can check the document, fast response, calling out their goal, exactly what they want, and then booking them in for a call.