Okay, in this video I'll be going through how to set up a cold email, a cold outreach campaign if you're an email list or an SMS list management agency or this also works if you're a copywriter for example. So let me just show you what I mean here. You can go to the instantly lead finder then you can type in technologies for these types of businesses.

The first one that comes to mind would be Klaviyo. Klaviyo is a known email list flow automation builder for Shopify but there's plenty of others as well. For example, you can use MailChimp, you can use ActiveCampaign, you can filter by these technologies to see okay you know these people here.

So let's just take ActiveCampaign. You know these people here they're all using ActiveCampaign and if you come now with your pitch and you say hey we're good at building email automation flows, SMS automation flows, we can help you boost revenue. This is the right target market because they're already using the software and they're probably not maximizing it or getting the most out of it.

So you can really like these technology filters are really easy and a good way to find people in your target audience that are more likely to respond to your pitch. So ActiveCampaign is one. I mentioned Klaviyo so let me just put that back there.

And then another good way if you don't have more ideas you can just go to G2 which is a software review site and you can just type in Klaviyo. So let's go let's go do that and then you can look at competitors. So who are they getting compared to?

Like OmniSend would be another one, HubSpot, MarketingHub, Drip, right? And these are all other ones. Let's say if you can also put in Drip here.

All additional email sending software and then you come in and say hey like we're an email marketing agency, we're an expert at this, we can help you boost revenue. So let's just go through this. I selected the technologies.

I'm just going to go for them for the with those for now and let's say I'm going to target United States. Add that in and I'm going to target a CEO here. And then the next step is to select the leads and we're going to push it into a campaign.

I'll show you how that works. All right. And let me just I'm going to select a couple here.

I'm going to select the first 300 decision makers here. I'm going to click Add to Campaign. Email list, Management, US, CEO.

Then maybe add some here. All the technologies they're using. And then I'm going to click Add to Campaign.

So now it's adding the campaign. It will also verify every single lead. And that's done.

We're going to click Open Campaign. It will open up the campaign automatically. You'll see the analytics.

The leads are in here. Verification is in queue, which will be done in a couple minutes. And then sequence.

Right. Then you want to come up with a cold email. I have one here as a template.

So I'm just going to use that. And then here's the subject line. Simple one.

I'm just going to use the merge tag, first name and do this. Thoughts. And here we have the cold email.

Right. So going back to what we did initially, we look for the leads. We're filtered by email marketing softwares that people are already using, companies already using.

We filter by location. Look for the decision makers, you know, most likely CEO. It doesn't have to be exactly the CEO.

It can also be founder. Maybe it's the head of business development. Maybe it's the CMO.

Right. You can play around with those filters. Look for other titles that may be the decision maker in that organization.

Then you can call the email. Then you go to the next step. Schedule.

Default is already Eastern time US. So we're good. We don't have to make any changes here.

Let's say it was leads in the UK or in Europe. Then you would change here the time zone. But since we're targeting leads in the US, we'll keep it like this.

And then we go to options. Here we select a couple sending domains. What they will do is inbox rotation.

Right. So we have 10 inboxes selected. Inbox number one will contact lead number one.

Inbox number two will contact lead number two. Inbox number three will contact lead number three and so on and so forth. That way you can send more volume at better deliverability without landing into spam issues and making sure you know you get into that primary folder which is the goal.

Because otherwise if you don't land, if you don't have good deliverability looking for the leads and looking for you know writing up the copy and all that won't be of help because they won't see it. So make sure you use inbox rotation and you can send 30 to 50 cold emails per day per inbox. So let's say we say you know you can you can send 50 cold emails per inbox.

If you have 10, 10 times 50 is obviously 500 cold emails. So we could send you know 500 here in one day and then we launch it. So let me just save this.

And you can see how quickly this goes right. Just think about okay like your target audience which software technologies are they using. Filter by that.

Look for the decision makers. Apply the region you want. Put in some simple copy like just a simple pitch right.

A simple cold email with an intro line with your value prop with a case study as well and then a call to action and that's pretty much it. And then you launch it and you're good to go. And yeah that's it.

Just wanted to show this to you how you can use that. If you're an email list email marketing agency if you're a copywriter this works also for other niches but maybe that that will get you some more ideas. And yeah that's it.

If you have any questions let me know in the in the comments and I'll respond to every question and I'll talk to you soon. Hope this was helpful.