If you've ever done cold email, you know that to get set up, you need to buy domains, buy email accounts, and spend hours doing the technical stuff like setting up DNS, DKIM, DMOC records, and the list goes on. It's an absolute nightmare to set up. And to add insult to injury, you need to wait 14 days for your domains to warm up before you even start sending.

I don't know about you, but when I want to grow and scale my business, I just want to take action and do it as fast as possible. But I am dead serious when I say that this is completely changing because something just came out that lets you skip that process completely, even the warmup period. And all you have to do is activate the accounts, build the list, write the copy for your campaigns, and start sending emails in minutes.

In this video, I'm going to give you a step-by-step tutorial on how you can do this right now, have your first 1,000 emails sent by the end of the day, and actually give you a real example where you can set this up for yourself. When I was making this video, I actually recorded a whole section where I showed you how to set up cold email accounts the old way. But that's honestly so painful that I don't even want you to go through that.

So let me show you how this new way works and why it's just so powerful. Like I mentioned in the intro of this video, these accounts are completely set up when you get them. So you don't need to worry about any of the other stuff.

This works because Instantly has already purchased a large quantity of domains and has already been warming them up for the last three to four weeks. This feature is especially good because it allows you to launch any cold email hypothesis quickly. Scale instantly by adding more ready-to-go accounts when needed.

Plus, if you're facing deliverability issues with your current setup, you don't need to pause your campaigns. You can just add pre-warmed up mailboxes and hit launch. Now, usually an agency or SDR would charge you a bunch for this one-time setup fee, but this isn't even anywhere close to that.

It's genuinely just so simple. So now let me walk you through how you can set them up using this brand new feature. And just to prove to you that you can do this as fast as it says in the thumbnail, I'm going to set a timer while I do this.

And the timer starts now. Okay, so I'm inside of Instantly. I'm going to go to email accounts, click add new.

There they are, the pre-warmed up accounts. I'm going to click on continue. Let's select five.

So go scale. I like this one. I'm just going to go through five of them.

One, two, three, four, five. Yes, that is right. Forwarding domain.

I want it to be my company. So oneway.io and persona. Yeah, yeah.

These all look good to me. Place order. And now I'm just going to enter my banking information.

Order placed. We're good. So now I have the new email accounts.

And then I already have campaigns that I have launched. So I'm actually just going to add more into them. So this is paused.

So I'm going to click on it. I go to options. And then let's see where they are.

There they are. So I can add Claire on here. I can add Carly.

I can add really any of the accounts that I just purchased. And then I can just click launch. Let's adjust daily limit.

Yes. And just to confirm. So I'm going to go and search car.

It's Carla. One of emails five. Yes.

Yes. Let's click on it. Settings.

So yeah, I'm actually going to reduce this just to be safe to 15. And then I'll enable this. Everything looks good to me.

See if there's anything else I missed. We're done. I mean, actually, if I want to go a step further, I can just add a quick signature.

So I can say Carly Smith AE at one away. And I can do this across all the accounts. And we are pretty much done.

And how much time did we take? Let's see. Three minutes.

Three minutes, 14 seconds. If we probably also take away some of the time it took me to process the payment and stuff like that, you can literally get this done in two minutes. And you can literally see here that unlike all the other tutorials online and SOPs and things that you see out there, this is actually something you can get set up and ready to go in just a couple of minutes.

Now, granted, I didn't write the copy. I didn't scrape the leads. All of this you have to do prior.

But in terms of setting up the infrastructure, I've literally never used something this fast and this easy. So if you want to check this out for yourself, there'll be a link in the description down below where you can set this up all by yourself right now in just a couple of minutes, just like I did. And if you're not totally convinced yet, I just want to go over the technical stuff of how this works in a little more detail.

How are they ready to go and they don't need to warm up? So instead of being on some cheap random servers where your reputation gets completely destroyed if you start sending before your emails are warmed up, we're actually hosting these on high quality USIP Google accounts. And the way these are ready to go instantly is because instantly has already been warming up these domains for three to four weeks.

And you can actually go start sending tons of volume off of these accounts right off the bat. Also, if you're wondering if this is compliant with all the new restrictions and things set in place by Google and Outlook, they 100% are. They've been configured to meet industry standards for deliverability and compliance as they follow the cold email best practices such as plain text, email copy, clean lead list, no spam words, and etc.

And they minimize your risks to your email reputation. And if you're still not convinced, let me show you some examples we ran with this to make sure it's working up to standard and the deliverability and everything is looking good. Here you can see that the deliverability was fine and there weren't any big issues across all of our tests.

So they are 100% ready to go. Again, there's a link down below in the description to go and set up with this and start sending in literally just a couple of minutes like I did. Now in a shorter video like this, I can only show you so much about how to do really effective cold email outreach at scale.

So click here to watch a video to learn how to leverage the Loom video offer in your outreach to get more replies than you can handle or click here to learn 10 years of cold email knowledge in a single video.