In this video, I'm gonna show you the single best tool that you can use to send a thousand cold emails every single day for your business. This is the same tool that I've used to book over a thousand sales calls scaled to multiple seven figures inside of my business. And the good thing about this tool is that it's super easy to use.

So in this walkthrough, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna break down step-by-step how you can follow the exact same process that I use to send a thousand cold emails per day so that you can use it too for your business so that you can start scaling on hyperspeed. So there are a ton of YouTube videos, a ton of tools out there as it pertains to scaling with cold email and doing cold outreach. And it wasn't until I found this tool that allowed me to start sending cold emails to finally land into the inbox.

It wasn't complex to actually set up the tool. I can literally do it in just two clicks and I could start sending emails as soon as today. In addition, the tool has deliverability optimization so that you can know that you're actually landing in the inbox of customers and you can personalize every single email at scale, making it super easy to send personalized emails at a high volume.

And lastly, I can scrape leads directly from the platform so I'm no longer having to upload a bunch of different CSV files. I have to scrape leads on my own. So the tool is called Instantly AI.

So what we wanna do is first log into our account. So what we wanna do when we're sending emails is we wanna make sure that we're sending around 50 emails per email that we have installed inside of our Instantly so that we don't end up landing in spam. Those emails get burned really quickly and we actually make sure that we're landing inside of the inbox.

The good thing about Instantly is that they have a done for you setup. If I just click on add new, I can actually click on the pre-warmed accounts and there's pre-made domains that I can quickly buy today, meaning that they've gone through the warmup process so I don't have to wait two weeks to warm up my domains, which delays the process of me actually getting leads and ultimately booking sales calls and ultimately growing my business. So if I want to send a total of 1,000 emails a day, I need 20 different emails that I'm going to send from, assuming that each email that I get will send about 50 emails a day.

So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna buy four different domains. So I'm gonna go ahead and click next and what will populate is basically 20 different emails that I can begin to use today. So what I can do is I can quickly set up my forwarding domain.

You can use your website, whatever you want it to do. So basically what that means is that if someone goes to edge2link.co, then it will be automatically forwarded to my domain. Then what I do is I go ahead and place the order and then the emails will then pop up inside of my account and I can begin using them today.

The other option when it comes to getting your emails is done for you email setup. So if you wanted to basically like type in your email, you could find consistent domains or you could find similar domains to what you have. So like brandagency.org, oneagency.co, globalagency.co, whatever it could be similar from like a branding perspective.

That way it gets set up. You could also buy domains comparable to yours. And then what you can do is you can change the name, add the name for the email if you wanted to, and then also add the forwarding domain to the new emails that you purchased.

The thing with this, it will take two weeks. So what happens oftentimes when you are setting up all the emails on different tools is you have to purchase the domain from a different provider. You have to make sure the DNS records line up.

You have to make sure it's properly set up on the domain provider that you get. Then you have to go to another software. You have to upload the domains.

You have to make sure that it's connected properly so that it can actually send from that specific service provider. With instantly, after we purchase the domains, we'll be able to see that they're warmed up. We can change the settings if we want to, adding signatures, put daily campaign limits of 50 if we wanted to every single day.

And everything is basically done for us and doesn't cause any delays as it pertains to setting up my cold emails. So now that we have our domains set up, what we want to do is we want to create a campaign. So I'm going to go to my campaigns.

I'm going to click add now. I'm just going to say lawyer campaign. So once we set up the campaign, we're going to need leads.

So what would happen before, what I would have to do is I would have to, you know, purchase a CSV file or find a CSV file from some other different software. Then I would have to put it through a verification tool to make sure that they're actually verified. And when I send emails to these leads, they're actually going to end up in the email inbox.

And then I have to re-export it. Now I'd have to add it to the campaign that I want to do. Or I would have to pay a VA to scrape a bunch of leads for me.

And it was really time consuming and costly because I had to use all these different processes, all these different tools in order to start getting leads and start getting emails that I could actually then send to. But with instantly, you don't have to worry about any of that. You can find leads immediately.

They're triple verified and you can immediately add them inside of your campaign that we just created literally in two clicks. So add leads. Now I'm going to click on the lead finder.

So if I wanted lawyers, I could just say personal injury attorneys. So we'll automatically pull a list of all the personal injury attorneys based off of what I put in there. So let's just say I want management levels of C level, director level, and VP level.

So here's a list of around 3,000 based off of the AI search. What you could also do is you could just refine this more as you needed to. There's multiple different filters that you can use.

So if I wanted people in California, I could just mark California as the database that I want to pull from. If I wanted people in the United States, I could do the same thing. But for this case, I'm going to keep it pretty broad.

We can also filter by number of employees, look like domain, if they have any job listings, if that's important to you, technologies that they're using, if you're doing anything from an e-com perspective. But my point is, is there's a lot of different filters and there's a lot of ways that we can pinpoint our ideal customer right inside of this tool, which makes it super, super easy for us to do. Once I get the list of leads, what I can then do is I can select the list of leads.

Let's just select a few of them. We can also select all of them if you wanted to. I'm going to go ahead and click add the campaign.

So we just went ahead and added it to the lawyer campaign. Now what's going to happen is we're going to go to our campaigns. We're going to go to lawyer campaign and we're going to see the list of leads that we just added inside of our campaign from the same tool, which is really nice.

I'm not having to export a bunch of CFC files, go through a bunch of different tools, all that sort of stuff. Because what you'll see here is you'll see this is in verification tool. This means I don't have to export this and then add it to another tool and then have to pay to get it verified and then re-export it and then re-add it back.

Instantly is doing a triple verification to make sure that the emails that I actually have, the emails that I pulled, are in fact going to be legit. Meaning when I send the emails to these people, they're actually going to land in the inbox and they're not going to be bounced back, which is going to wreck my domain, which is ultimately going to wreck my deliverability. Another really cool feature is that we can add personalization at scale.

With instantly, what we can do is we can personalize these leads literally in two clicks by using the open API integration. If we click right here where it says AI prompts, what we want to make sure is that our open API key is set up here. And what you'll be able to see is you'll be able to see a template hub of a bunch of different templates that you can then use for your personalized line.

So in this case, just see if there's some good ones from LinkedIn. Complement according to LinkedIn. We can see how many people ran it.

Personalization. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to click this. I'm going to find their LinkedIn.

Let's just click right here. Scroll through here. LinkedIn.

Looks like these are all personal LinkedIn's, which is perfect. That's going to be their LinkedIn here. And then I'm going to generate for all leads.

In addition, what you guys can do is you can use your own templates. You can create your own templates, create your own prompts based off of your niche, based off of your offer, stuff like that. So I could say generate a pain point based on the industry of personal injury.

Make it pertain to getting more sales, perhaps say something along the lines of starting with, I know that it can be tough too. And make it really specific to the industry as well as painful for personal injury attorneys. Then I could save it.

I could say PI pain point, save, and then I could generate for all leads. And this will start to generate personalized lines based off of the list that I have using the API key. After we have our list of leads, we personalize the lines.

The next thing that we want to do is we want to begin to write the sequences. When it comes to writing the sequences, it's really important that we're basically pausing here and making sure that our copy is actually good because this is what's actually going to get somebody to respond and ultimately want to book a call with you and ultimately allow you to make more money. What's really cool is inside of Instantly, we can literally write multiple steps inside of one.

We can add different variants for each campaign. So if we wanted to test different types of copy, in addition, what we can do is we can use Instantly's AI tools like Instantly Sequence Writer, Instantly's Spin Text Writer, which I'll show you here in a second, and the Spam Words Checker, which makes sure that we don't have any spam issues and we make sure that we're optimizing to actually land inside of the inbox of the lead that we just got. In this case, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to create a quick little email.

From a subject line, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to pull the variable of the first name. I'm just going to do first name, question mark, and I'm going to say I first name. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to use the personalized line based off of the company news.

We recently helped Johnson and Anderson add 10 new cases to their firm last month using our lead accelerator blueprint specifically designed to get cases for attorneys company name. I'm curious if I could shoot you over a personalized video on how it works. Cheers, Austin Schneider, lawyer leads.com.

So let's just go through the AI tools. I can do a Spintax writer. Basically what this will do is we'll create random variations of specific keywords that you're using, which in turn, if you're sending a high volume of emails, will make sure that it's not the same email going over and over and over again, and it won't be detected as spam most likely.

So I can go ahead and just preview this. What I can also do is I can go to AI tools and I can do a quick little spam checker. So zero spam words.

Perfect. I'm good to go. Now what I'm going to do is I can actually create the follow-up emails is I'm just going to say something like, curious if my last email came through.

Would you be the right person to send the video on how we're helping? Had 10 cases per month consistently. Austin Schneider, et cetera.

This is the follow-up email. I can do another follow-up email. I can say something like, first name, last email here.

Can you let me know? A, I have enough leads. B, I'm the wrong person to reach out to about this.

C, I'm interested in leads or company name. D, don't email me again to hearing from you. Austin.

This is a simple campaign that I just set up inside of here. So if I save all of my campaigns, I can go ahead and preview all these. Good to go.

Preview. Good to go. Preview.

And good to go. Really quick to set up. And if you wanted to use the sequence writer inside of Instantly, that could just create your campaigns literally on demand.

So once I create the campaigns, I'm gonna go over to options, accounts to use. I'm gonna select the 20 emails that I just created from the jump. Enable, stop sending emails on reply.

If I want to track opening rates, then I can go ahead and enable that as well as link tracking if I wanted to. And then I can go ahead and click on launch. Then once the campaign is launched, what we'll be able to do is we can go to analytics.

We can go to each campaign. So let's just say I wanted to look at this campaign specifically. So I can see that we sent 160 emails and we had three total replies and one opportunity come from it.

So what I'll be able to see is I can see how many emails I sent, open rate if we're tracking that, click rate if we're tracking that, and ultimately reply rate, how many people are replying to the email. And we can even track the opportunities that come from it. In addition, all of the emails will go into a unibox.

So it's really easy to use. I'm not having to sort through a bunch of different tools or a bunch of different inboxes to try to track down where these emails are actually being sent to. What's also cool about this tool is it will automatically categorize them.

If someone replies that they're not interested, we're not mainly doing this. Instantly's AI tool will go in and basically mark them as not interested, out of office, or if they are in fact interested. Furthermore, what they will then do is they will then categorize themselves inside of the CRM so that we can see all of the leads that are interested, how many people we booked a meeting with, how many meetings we completed with, how many deals we actually won as a result of our campaigns.

There's no other tool that's allowing this to happen. This has been a game changer for us and it can be a game changer for you if you use basically the same setup that I did. So this is basically the process to be able to send a thousand cold emails per day and be able to finally start predictably getting business and predictably getting sales calls booked on your calendar.

The easy way using Instantly. This is a super cost-effective way to start scaling your business and getting leads on easy mode. And there are hundreds and hundreds of case studies of other people just like you who have used Instantly to do the same thing.

So if you haven't already, go ahead and try this software for your business and follow this video and you'll really see how easy it is to get set up. And you can actually try it for free using the link down in the description. And if this is your first time using cold email, I do have something to tell you.

You could have the best setup, but what's actually going to get the best responses and the best likelihood of you actually booking sales calls is going to be your sequences and your copy. So in the video here on the screen, I'm going to break down exactly the copywriting strategy that you can use inside of your campaign to optimize for more lead bookings and ultimately more money for you guys. So go ahead and click on the video on the screen to learn how you can write cold emails that will get massively high response rates.

Thanks so much for watching guys and we'll see you on the next one.