The game of business is changing fast. And there's six key things that businesses and large businesses are doing to grow faster than ever. I know this because behind the scenes, I've been testing all of these things for my business.

And just in the last year, we've been able to go to $150,000 a year to over $2 million a year. And these are the same principles that I've personally applied to over 200 agencies just this year. So today I'm gonna share exactly what I've noticed recently and show you the new way to grow your business.

We need to talk about what businesses are still trying to do to grow and why it's just simply not working anymore. The first things first, and this is again, after talking to hundreds and hundreds of business owners, as well as applying these principles for myself, is they are confusing prospects with what they do. And they're basically a deliverable focus type of business.

And there's no real urgency in what they actually do. There's no real promise. They're really just trying to sell deliverables.

And what this leads to is the prospects don't understand what they do and why it will actually help them get a result. And then the businesses that are using this just blend in with the other businesses. The second thing is people are getting ignored and they're continuing to do manual outreach as a result.

And they're wondering, why am I getting no results? Well, it's because they're using robotic lifeless templates. They have the wrong timing, the wrong person that they're reaching out to.

There's no tracking, there's no optimization. And these people start wondering if cold outreach is even worth it. And if the hours and time that they're investing into it is even worth doing.

The third thing that I'm seeing a ton is they're not getting any responses to leads. And majority of the ones that I see that would never get a response from me are the ones that are saying, hey, you got 15 minutes tomorrow. It's because they're leading with booking a call when I have no idea who they are or what they even do.

Because they're basically just asking without giving any real value. The other thing I'm noticing after working with all these different businesses and just applying these in my world as well is there's zero authority. And a lot of people are still neglecting building their brand and they don't have any authority in doing that.

And the result of having no authority is nobody's going to trust you. The fifth thing that I'm seeing a lot after people start to actually get a few clients is people are burning out with every new client. They're getting a client because they're sold on this idea of if I could make the sale then I'm going to be able to grow my business.

But the problem I'm seeing is is people are selling into a leaky system. And lastly, clients are disappearing consistently. People are not working with like referrals.

There's no upsells. They're overwhelmed. And as a result, they're basically just dropping off because your client's success is not in place.

With that being said, let's talk about the new way to scale in 2025 and the new ways that we're seeing and that we're implementing to teach people on how to grow their business in 2025. The first things first is offers so clear and compelling that people ask to buy. Meaning you actually have a banger offer.

We solve a real urgent problem for a specific type of person. We are tying in what we do to an actual outcome that the customers want. And this is a pressing problem for the customers.

And that requires us to actually take time to learn about the customers and figure out what we can do from a skillset perspective to get them to their outcome. And what we want is our clients to think, wow, this is exactly what I need. This includes no guarantees, proof, positioning that just screams authority and speaks to that ideal customer.

For example, what an online coach could say who's typically like, oh, I help people get fit. What we could say is I help dads over 40 lose 15 pounds in 45 days without cardio using my dad fit protocol. So what we really need to hone in on and test and really spend a lot of time on is our offer.

This includes a timeline, a name of the method, a guarantee, social proof, visuals, outcomes that these customers actually care about specific on who we're actually reaching out to. So how we do this is we do what's called an offer breakdown. For example, we have our really clear target audience.

We have the top five pain points and implications. We have the desired outcomes of these people. We have the steps of how we get them from where they are to where they want to go, which is clear.

We have a timeframe to get them a result. We have a unique mechanism that piques curiosity. We have headline examples.

We have pricing that's profitable. If we can put all these ingredients together, this is what's going to constitute to a banger, irresistible offer to a really pointed person. Next thing is AI-driven outreach that feels like a warm intro and not a cold pitch.

There are tools out there that use AI that really handle everything for us that ensures we land in the inbox, our messaging lands with the customer, and it can even handle all of our replies. And most importantly, it will be able to track our sequences to see how well each campaign is actually doing. What we like to do is we like to use a tool called instantly.ai.

What I can do is I can create email accounts that I can send from so I can basically send a high volume. And then what I can do is I can use a tool like instantly copilot. And instantly copilot can literally find me ideal prospects in literally two clicks based off of my offer, based off of what I'm doing.

It can build lead lists for me directly inside of the instantly copilot where I can basically find people who fit my offer. And then what I'm able to do is I'm able to enrich all of these leads inside of instantly copilot. And I can get a lot of really good data on these specific prospects, like their LinkedIn URL.

I can find their company description and so much more in just a couple of clicks. Not only this is if I go back to instantly copilot, I could even ask it to write me a cold email sequence targeting SaaS founders offering a free audit on their landing page. And in less than 60 seconds, what it will do is it will pull the list and it'll write a multi-step campaign sequence with all of the emails pre-written for me.

And these are personalized based off of the prospect. If I wanted to even go further, all I need to do is I need to click view campaign. And if I go to my campaigns, it will automatically be added into my campaigns.

And if I click on this one, I can open this up and I can add all the leads that I just created. It will create the sequences for me. It will automatically add the sequences to this campaign and I can schedule and basically send directly from here.

Furthermore, all the responses go directly into my inbox and I can even set up instantly's reply agent to send over emails based off of the responses that I'm getting. And last but not least, this will give me the insights and data based off of how well that campaign is performing. So for this one, for example, I can see that I sent 1,700 emails.

I got 15 replies at a 2.5% reply rate. And then I can even go into my CRM and I can look at the opportunities and I can see all of the people that showed interest and all of the meetings that I was able to book directly from my campaigns. We are hitting on a lot of stuff here and a lot of it could be like, oh man, like how do I even do this sort of stuff?

That's why we put together a implementation pathway that you'll be able to then use for actually executing what I'm talking about. So not everything is just theory here. You can have a step-by-step checklist that you'll be able to use for your business.

So if you want that, just click link down in the description and it is yours. The next thing that we're seeing a ton is value first messaging that builds trust. People don't know you, people don't trust you.

So how do we get them to actually raise their hand? We give real value to people. So when we're doing our outreach, we're offering to send them a piece of value that's actually relevant to that target customer to get them to then raise their hand and ultimately then book a call.

Really the trust is built before the call to actually even shows up. And every message will earn attention and peak curiosity because what we want to do with our cold outreach is we want to get people to raise their hand and say yes to it. As an example, I'm going to just show you a campaign inside of Instantly and I'll just go to a meeting that we were able to book directly from this same strategy.

For this example, what we did is our offer was to send over a list of 100 qualified leads tailored specifically for company name. And what I did is I replied with the list of the leads that was specific towards that specific customer by using Instantly AI to pull a simple list of leads. Then what I did is I looked at their website and came up with more ideas on how they could actually use that list of leads to use our strategy, which would be cold outreach to help this person get more appointments.

And then at the end of the value that I just gave them, I said, would this make sense for a 15 minute demo? And then they said, sounds interesting. Let's set up a time to discuss.

That is a typical workflow of how we can be value first driven. And what we're doing again is in the initial email, we're offering to send them something of value. In this case, 100 leads for free essentially.

Then from there, we're sending a more specific message. And from that, we're asking to book the call after we've delivered the value to them. Next thing is we want to position ourself as an authority in the space.

This person that I just booked a call with, what are they likely going to be doing? They're likely going to go on our website, go on our social media, check us out, make sure that we're legit, make sure that everything lines up, make sure that I'm worth even talking to. 80% of people, before they decide to do business with someone, they're going to do research.

And if we're not showing up, if we're not positioned as an authority, as the go-to person, we are going to miss out on a lot of opportunities. What we're doing with our content is we're making posts that solves real pain that our audience is facing. So if we go through our offer breakdown, like what I just showed you, we know the pains that our customers are having.

All we really need to do is solve their pain points through content. We can share frameworks, case studies, behind the scenes wins. For example, like if you're a fractional CMO, how we help a brand go from blank to blank, three marketing mistakes that are killing your conversion rate, screenshot posts from a specific client dashboard, and then have every post end with a DME, the word CMO, DME, the word blank to learn more.

The next thing that we're going to hit on is systems that create scale, not chaos. So many people come to us and they come to us because they've been able to do AI outreach. They have the value first messaging.

They're creating content and all of a sudden, they're overwhelmed because their business is revolved around them and they're capped and they run out of hours in the day because they're doing everything themselves. So if you really want to grow your business beyond yourself, what do you need? You need systems.

Why? Because systems run the business and people run the systems. Then it's going to be really easy for us to plug people into these systems to eventually run the systems for us and we can buy back our time, plug people into working these systems and add more revenue and focus on what actually matters most.

Batching, automating, delegating, simplifying. You have SOPs, frameworks, and playbooks. If we have a really clear offer, like what we've already talked about, all we need to do is productize that offer into systems of delivery and then it becomes really easy to teach people how to run those systems and that's going to make your growth predictable and not panic driven.

So like for us, an agency owner that we work with, automated onboarding, AI driven client success, a notion operating system. We can plug people into work the systems, work the client success system. And what this allows us to do is we can work more on the business, not in the business and our revenue can go up as a result because we have more time to focus on sales because we can plug people in to do the work for us.

What we use is we use this whole agency operating system that kind of outlines everything. We have the SOP library. We have a system for every team member where they can track all of the videos that they're editing or all the videos that they're working on.

We can see our sales CRM. So if I go to my leads, I can see how many leads that we've been able to get per day. I can see how many leads are in each section.

I have SOPs for everybody that they can work off of. Furthermore, what this rolls up to is this can roll up into data pages where we can see cool charts, where we can see what's the status of our business, what's the health score of our business without relying on guessing, without relying on what we're thinking or what we're feeling because numbers will drive the business. The best source of truth is using real data, which is what systems allow us to do.

The next thing that we need to focus on in 2025 that I am seeing is how to turn one client into multiple clients, AKA how to provide such an elite experience that they stay with you longer and you turn one client into more. It costs a lot more money to get a new client than it does to turn that client into a referral or to keep them longer. And if you've followed this step-by-step process, what we want to be able to do is when we do get a new client, that client stays with us for a long time and they refer more clients.

How do we do that? We focus on client success. It's not something that's fancy.

It's not something that's glorified from a marketing perspective because a lot of people think, oh, I just need another client. I just need another client. But if another client goes into a horrible client success system, what's going to happen?

They're just going to leave. They're not going to tell their friends and they're going to have a bad experience with you, which is ultimately going to be a net negative on your business than it will be a net positive. So how do we do that?

Will we build relationships that lead to referrals? We turn every win into a case study. We upsell, resale, and get testimonials for our business and leverage those wins.

And we turn one happy client into five happy clients as a result. Your reputation should be working harder than your ads. For a video agency, like a client success engine for you would be like gathering case studies and using and marketing those case studies, sending monthly NPS surveys.

That's low hanging fruit. Something that we do every single month and we encourage every member inside of our program to do is to send a survey every single month. We are client success driven.

We are driven based off of what the feedback is from the clients. And last but not least, we create a referral program. So for our referral program, we'll give $1,000 if they refer somebody over to us.

That makes it a no brainer. As a result of us keeping that top of mind for our people that we work with, they're constantly referring people because they want to also make money. And if we're actually providing a good experience to our clients, then it becomes a win-win-win for absolutely everybody.

For us, what we have is we have a client success board. And on the client success board, we have an NPS form that our client success manager sends out every single day. We created this SOP for that using the systems.

All those responses go into a database where we can easily see what our client success NPS score is for that month and all time. And then we also have a system for tracking wins. So anytime a client gets XYZ win, we're adding it to the win database so that we can then track how many wins that we're getting every single month.

And then we'll have a referral tracker so that we can see, okay, is this person ready to be asked for a referral if they know anybody that could work with them? We have that $1,000 referral program. And with the $1,000 referral program, what we're doing is we're keeping that top of mind.

So when we onboard the clients, we're explaining how it works. And every single time we interact with the clients from a strategy call perspective, we're bringing up the referral program. So if we can nail our client success, we'll be able to turn one client into multiple clients.

We'll be able to keep the clients longer, have a longer lifetime value. We're able to actually provide an experience that isn't feeling busy or feeling like they're lowest on the priority because the systems are what's going to actually work the client. And we can have people working the systems so that we can ensure that we have a really good client experience with the feedback loop of everything that we just mentioned.

So if you want to see what it looks like to put this all truly to use and actually build and scale a business using the exact principles that I just shared with you, then click on the video on the screen where I actually start a service-based business completely from scratch and try to get a client in under 10 hours. So if you want to apply this and see what it actually takes to really grow your business, then I'll see you on that video.