In this video, you're going to learn how to write the perfect cold email to turn potential prospects into paying customers. My name is Nils. I'm co-founder here at instantly.ai and we're one of the leading software companies in the cold email space and our software has helped thousands of people scale their businesses with cold email.

We've generated millions of dollars with cold email and this is exactly what you need to know to go from zero to landing multiple paying clients in the next few weeks. Make sure you watch till the end of the video to get our winning templates so you can easily implement this today. Before we dive into it though, make sure you like the video, subscribe and turn on channel notifications and let's get into it.

So the three pillars of winning cold email when it comes to writing the perfect cold email, there's really three main pillars to focus on to make sure your emails are getting read, replied to and getting calls booked. You can literally apply these things I'm about to explain to any niche you're targeting and any service you're providing. If you guys follow exactly what I'm about to explain, you'll have no issues booking calls, lending clients that pay you thousands a month for your service.

So let's break this down. The first one I call relevancy and customization. The second one is your offer and the third one is to call to action.

So let's start off with pillar one, which is personalization. Why is personalization, relevancy and customization important for cold emails? So you want them to feel like this email was uniquely written to them.

You never want them to feel like this is a mass email. They have to think when they receive it, oh, this is something for me. This applies to me, who I am, what I'm currently working on, what I'm thinking about, my situation.

You can either do a personalized first line or you can also use a more generic statement or you can use customizations, customized variables that is relevant to that segment. So let me just show you some examples. What you can also do here, by the way, is you can give them a little compliment here and flatter them.

Most people like compliments. So just a couple examples. For example, we can say, congrats on working with Adidas, right?

Congrats on working with Adidas, really impressive. Or we can say, hey, not a lot of CEOs with that type of track record, right? And that would be just, we just use a dynamic variable here, right?

If you have multiple different titles in your campaign, just their title, calling out the title, you know, okay, I'm the CEO. Or maybe we can say something, hey, not a lot of HR directors with that type of track record, not a lot of heads of business development with that type of track record. The other one we can say here, you know, love what you've been building and company name, right?

This is again, like this customization, relevancy where that comes in. We dynamically insert the company name, right? It's kind of generic, but you know, if someone would send me an email and say, hey, love what you've been building at instantly.

I'm like, hey, yeah, okay. Like, let me see what this is about. Or think about your company, right?

If you have an agency or whatever your company name is, someone tells you, hey, love what you've been building at company name. It's kind of unique. It's kind of customized, personalized, but it's very generic and very scalable as well.

Another one you can use here is I saw that you're the title at company name. So you might be the right person to discuss this kind of combination of these two previous ones, you know, title and company name. Yeah, you can combine these two and this will kind of get their attention to say, oh yeah, this is like a unique email that was sent to me.

They shouldn't feel like this was sent to 100, 200, 500 other people. Next one we have here is, you know, for relevancy, you're doing sales coaching. Is that right?

Like kind of this question, hook them in. And if they're sales coaching and they receive this email that says, hey, you're doing sales coaching. Is that right?

Then they're going to, you know, their ears going to perk up and they're going to think, yeah, yeah, you know, I am. Let me, let me see what this is about. And then transition into the, the offer to pitch, which we'll talk about later.

Similar concept here, you know, you are a branding expert. Is that correct? Again, we're calling out who they are, what they are.

And this makes this very relevant. Moving on to the next pillar, which is the offer. First of all, what makes a good offer, right?

What makes a good offer of cold email, a good offer solves a painful and urgent problem. You know, what's giving them headaches in their lives right now. What keeps them up at night.

You can solve that. The result can be achieved fairly fast. Also, I would add here, you know, it's life changing.

It can be a potentially life changing result, but at the same time, it's kind of believable. They're believable, right? It's not something crazy.

It's not too hyperbolic. Um, you, you have proof to back it up. Also how to structure your offer, you know, always try to summarize your offer into one sentence, uh, just concise to the point into one sentence.

If you have a case study, uh, back it up with an impressive case study or just any case study here, we want to brag a little bit about what we've done for other similar companies, right? This is important, like similar companies to them. We want to mention that if you don't have a case study, though, don't worry about it.

You know, when, when I was starting out, I didn't have any case studies either. Still was able to get replies and meetings. Just follow this structure with, you know, the relevancy customization, the offer, and then call to action.

Now what's a good offer here? Some examples, we help high ticket coaches get five to seven additional sales calls each week, um, helped case study at 20, uh, 45 K in top line revenue in the first six weeks of working together. Right?

So this is, this is a good promise, like five to additional five to seven additional sales calls each week. It's potentially life changing for them, right? It could be really a big change in the company, but at the same time it's believable, right?

You're not promising them a hundred meetings, 50 meetings is in a way believable, but it's still a big payoff. And then we have a case study here on how we helped a similar case study, you know, let's say another high ticket coach at this revenue in a specific timeframe of working together. Uh, another example here, we help content marketing agencies get five to seven additional meetings a week.

Right. And, uh, you know, a lot of agencies, high ticket coaches, a lot of companies out there that want additional meetings, but obviously, you know, this value prop, you can change to whatever agency you are. So we say this, we help target audience get end result, uh, and be specific about the end result and then back it up with a case study, uh, help the case study get free clients at 4k a month each in the first month.

Great. So this is, what we've done here, talked about relevancy customization as a first step, and then you transition to your offer and the offer of the promise and the case study last, but not least, let's, uh, go over the CTA here. What are the best CTAs and CTA stands for call to action for cold email.

Me personally, I like to cast a wider net with the soft touch or light call to action. It's as simple as just asking them, Hey, interested, interested to hear more. Mind if I share more info.

I have some examples to show you so you can see what's possible for company name to mind if I share more info. So this is really how we want to structure, uh, our cold emails. These are the three most important things to keep in mind when writing your call me emails.

And if you do these three things, right, you already have better emails than 90% of the industry. Um, yeah, with that being said, here's also a free template, uh, you guys can use to plug and play exactly what we just went over. So, let's break it down.

So let's look at this one. Love what you've built a company name. And I thought I reached out right here.

It's kind of relevancy. It's a hook. It's a little bit customized, uh, very simple, but this works like simple works too, right?

Don't overthink this. Just, you know, build out the structure and start sending emails with a solid, simple structure as soon as possible. Then the next step here is, um, we help branding agencies get five to 10 meetings a week with brands that have a cool product, but need help with their branding.

You can see again, it's, uh, it's a good offer. It's a potentially life-changing result, but it's, it's believable, uh, again, and it calls out who they want as clients, who their target audience is. Again, it calls them out who they are branding agencies in this case.

And then, uh, you back it up with a quick case study here. We help case study, uh, get 60 meetings with qualify leads in the first six weeks of working together and then transitioning into the call to action. I have a few examples.

I'd love to share with you to show you what's possible. Mind if I share more info, cheers, best regards, whatever you want to put there at the end, but you can see how this is like a light, um, how this is like a soft touch light call to action. You know, really, you can also ask for the, for a 15-minute call right away.

Uh, what I've seen is that this just brings a lot more interested people, potential clients into your funnel. If you don't ask for the call right away and, uh, just keeping a little bit more open, sending them a little bit more info and then bringing them on the call, um, has been working well for us. And I've talked to a lot of people in the industry that send a lot of volume.

And they tell me that the light touch soft touch call to action has been, uh, working, uh, well, uh, yeah, you guys can find this template in the description. If you do choose to use it, just do us one favor here. Make sure you like the video before you download it, subscribe to the channel and turn on notifications.

It helps us tremendously. And yeah, that's it. If you actually, you know, apply these things, uh, we talked about in this video, you can land paying clients with the strategy within the next few weeks, no problem.

Uh, you just have to put in the work and be consistent and follow the plan.