This is the only cold email copywriting video that you'll ever need to watch. There are literally hundreds of PDFs, Notion pages, resources on copywriting. And if I were a beginner, I would be confused trying to sort through all of the different resources out there to figure out what actually works.

That's why in this video, I'm going to teach you everything that you need to know about writing a high converting email, how to structure the email so that you can get more book calls for your business using cold email. By the end of this video, you will be able to structure and write a cold email no matter what niche you're in, whether you're a brick and mortar store, you're selling software, you're an agency owner. So what I'm going to do in this video, I'm going to go for six different points on copywriting that are extremely important.

And before I get into these points and start teaching you how to structure your cold email so that you can convert more, I want to talk about the importance of copywriting and really what copywriting is. So copywriting is really influencing through words. To me, it is one of the most underrated skills that salespeople, business owners, agency owners, no matter your niche, can learn and fully understand.

Look, a lot of people, when they're trying to get new business, when they're trying to get leads, they think, oh, it's just a volume game or, oh, I need to spend more money on ads or I need to send more emails. What happens is they don't get a lot of responses because their copy is not good. Oftentimes when I'm talking to business owners, to agency owners, it's the copy that is not causing them to convert.

It is not the volume necessarily. It's not the fact that they're not doing lead generation. It is the copy.

If we can learn how to influence through words, it'll make our lead generation easier. It'll make our sales easier. It'll make our marketing way easier because that's the art of copywriting.

It is extremely important. It's an extremely valuable skill that a lot of people neglect as business owners because we're so focused on sales, closing the deal, keeping the business afloat, trying to fish for the next client. But if we can really be present in copywriting and we can master this skill, which I'm going to teach you how to do today, then you will get better results in every area of your business that you're doing.

With that being said, the first point that I really want to talk on is the foundations. Okay. This is going to be the most important part as we venture into cold email is to understand your target customer.

A lot of people just like to get this huge list. I'm going to send this massive email to a lot of people and think that's going to actually work for them. The problem is it's not targeted and it's really just broad and it's not speaking to the customer's pain points out understanding the actual customer, understanding their desires, their pain points, how you can solve them as your offer and structure it in a way that actually speaks to them, hits them in their pain point and feels like the customer is actually understood.

Once we're able to do that, then that is the foundation for success in all of our copywriting ventures. When I say foundations, what it is that I mean. So what I like to do is I like to create like a copy doc breakdown.

I'm going to show you exactly how you can just do this on this call right now with me. So the first thing that we'd want to figure out is the who, who is it that we're actually targeting? And when I think about the who, like, I'm not just going to say, Oh, I work with anybody with a pulse.

I work with anybody who sells this one thing. I work with brick and mortar companies, like really broad, the more specific that we can be basically how we serve the customers, the more specific that we can be with who we're serving, the more we'll be able to speak to the who, which will make them feel understood, which will make your copy speak directly to the ideal customer that you're looking for. In this case, I mean, we could do the who being online coaches doing more than $20,000.

That's an example. What I like to do for the who is some sort of qualifier. There's going to be a different verbiage for an online coach just starting.

There's going to be a different verbiage for plumbing business doing more than $5 million a year than $1 million a year. So I like adding the qualifier in there because that allows you to speak to that specific person. It's not like we're saying, Oh, if you're doing more than 20,000 in the cold email, but it allows us to speak to the $20,000 a month pain points and $20,000 a month desired outcomes as we begin to market.

Next is the pain points. What is it that our customers are struggling with? And the key here is we don't want to just be like, Oh, you need more leads.

You're struggling to get leads. We want to speak to the souls of these online coaches doing more than $20,000 a month, or these plumbing businesses doing a million dollars a year plus, or these plumbing businesses doing $5 million, these home service companies, or this SaaS agency, or whoever it is that you're working with, because what's going to be really important as we grow, as we build from this is that we understand the customer. Because if the customer feels understood, then they're going to more likely be responding to you because you're not just another cold email or sending them an email.

So what I like to do is I like to use trusty old chat GBT. So to speed this up, I'm going to go to chat GBT and I'm going to type in, I work with online coaches doing more than $20,000 a month to help them become more known with content and get leads through social media using our ad funnel. Give me the top four pain points of these customers using their language and what they truly struggle with make the pain points hurt and make them polarizing.

See what comes up. Speak their language in the pain points. Here are the four pain points using the language of online coaches making more than $20,000 a month, highlighting what they truly struggle with.

You could work chat GBT a lot. I don't work with online coaches doing more than $20,000 a month. But let's just use this as an example.

This will give us our basically top four pain points that our customers should hear us saying or read as we're sending them an email and say, that is me. You are speaking my language. And we're going to document this right now because we're going to pick and pull from this.

We might adjust this over time. But it's really important to document this somewhere so that we can pull from it throughout the copywriting course that I'm teaching you. I'm invisible.

My competitors are still in my spotlight. So they're sick of watching less qualified coaches blow up on social media like they're burning through cash trying to get leads, but are stuck in the cycle of running ads. They don't know content is king, but they don't have time.

You can do the same thing with any type of business that you're working with just to kind of get the foundation set for your company so that you have something to pick and pull from. After the pain points, what is the next thing that we need? Desired outcomes.

Let's just go to chat GBT. Using these pain points, do the same thing for desired outcomes. Make them polarizing, something that online coaches truly desire and speak their language.

Make them two sentences each because it's kind of long. Perfect. So we would just take the same thing and create our desired outcomes from the pain points.

So we're speaking the language of them like they want to dominate the space and leave the competitors in the dust. They want ads that print money, not burn it. You're done with the guessing games.

You want a system that brings in high ticket clients on autopilot. They want every dollar you spend on ads to multiply and bring in serious ROI. Perfect.

You want to be the coach everyone's talking about, the one clients rush to, not the ones they scroll past. You crave being the top choice where your name alone commands authority and leaves your competitor scrambling to keep up. That is what we begin to market.

What else do we need here as a copy doc breakdown? What's also going to be helpful is going to be the unique selling prop. As customers become more and more savvy, we need a way to catch their attention.

And that is what a unique selling proposition does. It piques the interest of the savvy buyers like online coaches doing more than $20,000 or something like a blueprint, a system, a unique mechanism that helps them get from their pain to their desired outcome, which we can market. That's going to allow us to catch their attention inside of the cold email.

So it's just go back to chat. Give me five options for unique mechanisms that allow me to get my clients from their pain to their outcome, speak their language in it, make it catchy like blueprint, client magnet funnel, the spotlight strategy system, content power play, ads to authority method. Now what we can market is we can market our unique selling proposition.

So this allows us to have something that piques the interest as we begin to market this. Obviously, there's five different options here. You can test them if you wanted to, or you can choose the one that you feel is the best, or you can continue to test them out and figure out which one you actually want to use inside of your agency or your business or whatever you're selling.

But this is what's going to pique the interest of the person that you're talking to and get them to be curious about the methodology that helps get the clients from where they are, where they want to go. So unique selling proposition, unique mechanism is going to be extremely crucial for this. All of these things, you should for sure have like a really solid offer that helps them get from the pain to the desired outcome using a unique mechanism.

That is your sole goal as a business person is to make sure you can actually fulfill on what it is that you're marketing. But if you have an existing offer, go through this and it will allow you to start to see your offer, see your copy, see your positioning in a completely different light. And by leveraging AI, by leveraging chat GPT, you can literally do this in five, 10 minutes that it just took me to do this.

After I do all this, I like to just create a one document. So what I say is knowing who I work with, give me a list of my client's current situation, pain points and desired outcomes. Give me a list of 10 per pillar.

So now this GPT is like pretty familiar with who it is I work with, the pain points, all that sort of stuff. And this really becomes like the foundation of everything. Now, after I have this documented, I'm also going to create this little copy doc here once it continues to load.

Perfect. Then we're going to go ahead and paste this in here. Now what we'll have is 10 examples of current situation.

You're constantly earning over $20,000 a month, but you're feeling stuck and unable to scale beyond that. So that's stuff that we can call out. If you built a strong coaching program, but you struggle to be recognized as the go-to expert in your niche, wonderful.

Going back to the point of we want our customers to be understood. We want them to feel understood when we're doing anything with copy. This is the foundation of making sure that we're set up for success when we're doing copy.

We need to understand their current situation so that we can market how to get them out of their current situation to where they want to go. Pain points. I'm invisible and my competitors are stealing my spotlight.

You're seeing less qualified coaches taking over social media. Despite spending heavily on ads, you're not seeing results. You've hit a plateau and you don't know how to break that $20,000 per month mark.

You want a predictable high converting strategy that brings in high quality clients. Wonderful. This is really the foundation that I would implore you to store in a document that will be the foundation of any sort of copy, especially when it comes to cold email.

We feel like we totally understand them. We can speak directly to our customers. What happens next?

Which is the subject line. I see a lot of people sending cold emails the wrong way using the wrong subject lines. For example, they're selling in the subject line.

They're trying to get their attention by creating this really catchy hook in the subject line. And the problem with this is, is that the recipient on the other end of the subject line is going to see that and they're going to immediately think, this is a cold email. Somebody's trying to sell me something.

Well, this is an email blast. I'm going to put this inside of trash. You're going to get no results.

You're going to feel frustrated and you're going to be wondering, why am I not getting good results with my email? And it is likely due to your subject line. Subject lines are important because it is the first impression.

Think of it as a headline on an ad. Think of it as like the hook, the header of what's going to get somebody to actually take the next step, which is to open the email. The key to subject lines and the key to having a successful subject line is we want to peak interest.

We want to peak curiosity. We want to not seem like it's a cold email. What do I mean by that?

Put yourself in a recipient's shoes. If you saw an email that was, we'll help you get 10 new clients in 30 days guaranteed. Are you actually going to open that and feel like it is something meant for you, like an email and feel the need to respond and be curious about what it is that they have to do?

Probably not. So what's worked really well for us and we've sent millions of cold emails at this point is simplicity. And we want to make the cold email subject line feel like it's a colleague emailing them.

And how we do that is by piquing interest, piquing curiosity and make it not seem like it's a cold email. So things that I like to test is things simply like thoughts, first name. So is this a cold email?

Is this their colleague emailing them something? Is this a potential sales opportunity? I don't know, but it doesn't seem like a hook that is a salesperson emailing them.

Even just simply first name question mark works really well. If we can get them to open the email, then that is the success metric here. You could do thoughts, question mark, ideas for first name.

We're not trying to sell in the subject line. We're just trying to get them to open the email so that they can read the email that's going to be formatted extremely well so that they can move forward and take action on the actual email. So what's worked best for us is one to three words following the prompts of piquing curiosity, piquing interest, not seeming like it's a cold email, not selling anything in the subject line and just keeping it really simple, short, sweet, straight to the point.

Now what we need to focus on is the personalized line. So personalized lines are basically you taking something from their LinkedIn, from their website, from their work history, from their location and adding in something personal. So in today's day and age, with the rise of cold email, with people receiving a lot of cold emails, one of the best ways to stand out is to leverage personalized lines.

And personalized line can be compliments based off of their LinkedIn, on their website. But without it, the likelihood of them feeling like the email is actually for them is going to be significantly lower if you're not including some sort of personalized line or some sort of personalization inside of the email to further make the customer feel understood, to further make it seem like it's not an actual cold email that you're sending to the client. So I see a lot of people do is they don't include the personalized lines or the personalized lines are pretty generic.

And the problem with this is, is that the people on the recipient end is going to think this is a cold email. This is an email for everybody and they're going to move it to spam. Our goal here is that we want to stand out.

We want it to be personalized for them. We want it to make it seem like it's not a cold email and we want to make it seem like it is an email directly for them. And this email is perfectly crafted for the customer that you are emailing.

There's a few different types of personalized lines that we can do. Compliments. You can compliment based off of something on their LinkedIn profile.

You can compliment something based off of their website. I like location based personalization, mentioning something about where they are, mentioned something about where the company is, mentioned something about a specific landmark, acknowledging any accolades that they've gotten, which you could pull from LinkedIn, could pull from their website, but acknowledging something that they're proud of that is interest of them will be a big win as it comes to personalized lines. Could be industry changes.

If there's something specific in the coaching industry that's changed or something going on in the coaching industry that is worth highlighting that you could call out again to make them feel understood, you could mention recent content that they posted. There's a few ways that you can do this as far as scaling the personalized lines and actually doing this effectively so that you're not just sitting there writing personalized lines. How do I write the personalized lines?

How do I make sure that the personalized line actually makes sense? Well, the beautiful thing is, and what I use is I use a tool called Instalign.ai and I use their AI copy generator. So let's just say, for example, I log into my instantly, and this also comes down to like our list.

We need to make sure our lists are really organized because if we have a list of, let's call it 200,000 people and 200,000 people that we're trying to reach out to, it's going to be really tricky to write a personalized line for 200,000 people across 200,000 different industries. So as far as the lists go, we want to make sure that's super niche so that we can provide super niche personalized lines for that specific niche. A few ways that we can do this.

So if I go to lead finder, I can just type in, let's just say I'm working with professional training and coaching and I want job titles. Let's just say I have CEOs and founders of professional training and coaching industry. So this pulled me a list of 17,343.

So what I can do inside of Insta is I can go to campaigns. I can add a new campaign. I can just say online coach campaign test.

And what I can do is I can go ahead and add leads from the lead finder. Let's just add in 25 and quickly move them here. And what we'll see is that these leads are going to be added to the online coaching space inside of leads category.

What we also see is that it's going to automatically verify them, meaning we make sure that these emails are actually legit. So now what we could do is we could simply export all the leads. We could put it into a CSV and we can write personalized lines based off of every single contact that we have, which is not going to be a scalable way to do that.

Because if you're just sending to 14 people, you're not going to get results because we need to have a high volume solution that doesn't take a bunch of our time in doing this. What can we do? How do we make this efficient?

Insta has an AI prompt personalized line generator. So what we can do is we can click on this little guy right here. We can go to settings and we can add in chat GPT into Insta's platform so that we can use this to write personalized lines at scale.

So what you'll see here is you'll see hundreds of different prompts that you can pull from title cleanup, first line, cleanup industries, super personalized AI scripts, company description, personal compliment from LinkedIn, company name run, restaurant recommendation, intro line, finding a popular landmark, main competitor, create a dad joke as an opening sentence. And what we can do, we can pull information from the columns that we have inside of here and then make a personalized line based off of that. So let's just go ahead and try one out.

Let's go to find a pain point in industry and let's just generate a test output. If we wanted to do more of like an industry type of personalized line, we can leverage that one. If we wanted to write a personalized line using this prompt, we can find the company's website and we can generate a test output.

If we wanted to create another personalized line, then we could pull from their website, pull from the company name and generate an output. And once I click generate for all leads, what will happen is this will automatically create a column inside of our leads list so that we can use this when we're writing our cold email copy. So there's a ton of different prompts.

You can also create your own prompt under your templates and you can give them ideas. You can give them something specific based off of their company name, based off of the industry. There's a lot of really creative ways on how we can use personalized lines in order to be really dialed in.

So if I wanted to create my own template, I could just create a prompt and I could say, give me three tips for online coaches in 2025 on how they can scale and add more clients and become more known. Give me a list and make them one sentence each and bullet pointed. Cool.

So let's save this one. We could say this is going to be three tips for online coaches because that's who we're targeting. Save.

Now what I could do is I could actually generate this for all leads. Now this will also populate right here once it populates through. So I could add value in the personalized lines and I implore you to definitely use personalized lines because that's what's going to make you stand out and not look like another person sending a cold email.

So once we have the personalized lines in there, we can just simply go to sequences and then it'll show up as a variable of three tips for online coaches. And then based off of the person, once it populates, then it'll show up there and we can use that inside of our quality moch is freaking killer. Again, use AI, be efficient with this because if you're doing it manual, it's going to take you hours and hours upon hours to do it.

But with instantly AI prompts, like create your own, test them out, do a recent content, compliments, location, accolades, industry changes. Just remember that it is pulling from the different columns. So depending on what you have in the columns for your lead lists, that's what it's going to pull from.

And you can create different ones based off of if you have their Instagram, cool, you could pull something from their Instagram. If you have a company description, you can pull it from there. The more data that we have in the columns for our people, the more creative we can get with personalized lines.

Next is the email structure. So the structure of the email is extremely important because this is what's going to get them to be intrigued by what it is that you're actually selling them. So the personalized line is really the first part of the email structure, but what comes next will actually either attract your ideal customers or detract them.

So we want to make sure that we're following a really simple structure that I'm about to lay out for you so that you can get massive results with your cold email campaigns. And once I started implementing the structure that I'm about to show you right now, I saw our reply rates go through the roof. I saw our open rates go through the roof.

And it allowed us to book way more calls with ideal customers, which at the end of the day is exactly what we want to be doing when it comes to cold email. So what we don't want to do when we're writing the cold email is we want to say, hi, John, we help online coaches scale to $20,000 per month. Plus we'll help you create 20 pieces of content that speak to your audience.

We'll post them for you. We'll even run a simple ad strategy that we came up with to get you new leads. If you're interested, here's a link to my calendar.

Do you have time to connect? Let me know and we'll get the show on the road. We don't want to sell in the email.

We don't want to say everything that we're going to do for the customer, reveal all of their pain points, talk about what you're going to do is really going to help them out and think that they're going to respond and be like, oh, this is exactly what I need. What we need to realize is that customers don't care about the how. They don't care about how you're going to get them.

They don't care about how many posts you're going to make. They don't care about the ads that you're going to run. They don't care about everything that you're going to be doing for the customer.

What they care about is what they're going to get. That is the number one thing that they care about. Alex Tramosi always says we want to sell the vacation.

We want to sell where they're going to be getting to. We want to sell them on the beach, sipping Mai Tais, relaxing. They're in a super calm environment.

They have no worries in the world. We don't want to sell how they're going to get to where they want to go. We want to sell the desire of our customers.

Same thing with our email structures. We don't want to sell, oh, we're going to do this and we understand you. And then it's a 300 word email that we expect a customer who's busy and sifting through emails to actually read that, oh, I want that exact same thing that you spoke exactly to me.

Our goal as it pertains to cold email is we're trying to get our prospects to read the email briefly and raise their hand and say, yes, I want this. Yes, this seems like something that could be a fit for me. Yes, I'm interested in learning more.

Yes, I feel understood. I'm going to give you a couple different structures that you can test out that could work really, really well. So for structure number one, we would start with a personalized line.

And then the next section would be this. We value prop for target niche so they can target niche goal using our unique mechanism. We just case studied.

So this is the email structure. Of course, we're going to have a call to action at the end, which I'm going to talk about here in a second. But structure number one would look something like this.

And the beautiful thing is if we're leveraging AI, what we can do is we can say, fill this in using the copy written above. So how this would actually look is something like this. We help coaches consistently attract high ticket clients and grow their visibility so they can scale their business and become the go to authority in their niche using our authority amplifier blueprint.

We just help the coach double their revenue while becoming more recognized leader in the space within three months. Straight to the point, speaking to the desired outcomes and to the pain points of your ideal customer. And the beautiful thing about this is we could say, use different value props and goals.

We can test the value proposition and the goals. We optimize ad spend for online coaches earning over $20,000. We create time efficient content strategies for busy online coaches so they can stay visible and generate leads without spending hours on content using our power play.

So the email structure is just going to be frameworks that we're going to be able to test and optimize based off of it. So we optimize spend for online coaches earning over $20,000 a month so they can turn every dollar into predictable ID to get clients using our client magnet funnel. We create time efficient content strategies for busy online coaches so they can stay visible and generate leads without spending hours on content using our content power play.

We build lead generation systems for online coaches earning over $20,000 a month. So they consistently attract premium clients on autopilot using our ads to authority method. We help online coaches dominate their niche for coaches looking to stand out.

We see how this is kind of panning out because we've done the busy work, the boring work, the important work of laying our foundation. All we're needing to do is use structures. So templates like this to create different angles that we can then test as it pertains to our cold email structure.

So this is one structure that could work extremely well for you just using Chachapi Tea, making sure we have the foundations really dialed in, making sure we understand our customer. And this gives you 10 different angles, 20 different angles. There's so many different variables based off of the pain and the desires that we can then begin to test.

Another angle that we could go is simply a one liner. I like testing out the one liners. I think these are pretty solid because it's not really like selling anybody, but it's trying to just get them to raise their hand as it pertains to what it is that you have to offer and show interest in what you have to offer.

So for the one liner, we're going to say, curious, do you current situation? So we're not doing any personalized lines. We're just doing this options using this template, same sequence here, same formatting here.

So I like the one liners because what we're doing is we're getting them to raise their hand. Hi, John. Curious.

Do you feel like you're putting out great content, but no one is really noticing? Curious. Do you find yourself spending a ton on ads, but not seeing the high ticket clients that you want?

Curious. Do you feel overwhelmed trying to create content while running your coaching business? Curious.

Do you feel like you've hit a plateau, but struggling to break through the next level? Curious. Do you ever wonder why less qualified coaches are getting more visibility than you?

So we're just trying to get them to say yes and make sure that we're validating the pain points that they have, which would come with a follow-up sequence that we'll talk about later on. But I really like the one liners. You can get super creative with these.

Like curious. Are you creating content on social media? Curious.

Are you currently running ads on Instagram? Curious. Are you overwhelmed juggling running your business and also trying to market it?

Because this will prompt a response. The other angle could be value driven, but how we could do this is we could just simply basically be like you can desired outcome. Idea one.

Idea two. Idea three. And this one works super well because we're leading with value.

We're not leading with the sell. We're not leading with anything other than trying to add value. So let's do the same thing with ChatuchPT.

So here's five different frameworks that you could use based off of the foundation, based off of your target customer. Go ahead and go here. And boom.

Now we have a ton of different ideas that we can present to our target customer to lead with value. Hi, John. Had some ideas on how you can attract more high ticket clients consistently.

Revamp your ads. Target only premium clients. Build authority through strategic content.

That business is a go-to expert. Automate your lead generation strategy so you can focus more on coaching. Had some ideas on how you can become the go-to authority in your niche.

Share high value producing content. Now, does this seem like a cold email? Not as much.

Like we're trying to add value to them as much as we possibly can using the frameworks from the foundations that we built. Now what we can do basically is we can simply go into our instantly. We could go to sequences and then we could say, hi, let's just use this one.

Then we can use this one. Coaching space and had some ideas. And now you can become the go-to authority in your niche heading into 2025.

Perfect. And then let's go back to here. Let's pick another one to test.

Hi, first name. And of course, like chat GPT will not always be perfect. So we want to make sure that we can refine things as needed.

Curious, do you ever feel overwhelmed trying to create content while running your coaching business? Perfect. We can test that variance.

We can do this subject line. And then let's test one more here. Hi, first name.

Then we have personalized line here. Perfect. Save.

So now we have three different versions that we can test with the same list. First name, question mark. And then if we click on preview, we'll be able to preview it.

I'm a lot of guys. I just noticed you were in the coaching space and had some ideas on how you can... One liner.

Personalized line. So these are a few different frameworks that we can test. Test all of them because testing is what's going to be key.

And make sure you're testing the variables which we have here. The next thing that we want to focus on is going to be the call to actions. So what we don't want to do when we're doing call to actions is we don't want to go in for the kill.

What I see a lot of people do is they say, let's book a call tomorrow. Let's chat on how we can do this for you. Let's do this, this, this, this, this.

And we're trying to go in for the kill. What we're trying to do with cold email is we're trying to market to the masses to get people to raise their hand. That's why I put the hand emoji on there.

Our sole goal in cold email is to get our clients to raise their hands and show interest in what we have to do. And how we do that is not by getting them to raise their hand to book a call because there's no trust whatsoever when it comes to cold email. So there needs to be trust established.

And how we build trust is by sending value to a customer and offering to send value to a customer. What I see a lot of people do when they're doing call to actions in their email is like, book a call and they'll send like a link over or click here and book a call. Or do you have time tomorrow at 2 p.m.?

Time just opened up at 2 p.m. Problem is, is the people on the receiving end, they don't trust you. And because they don't trust you, they're not going to do what you tell them to do.

So what we're trying to do is we're trying to turn a list of contacts into prospects slash leads by getting people from I'm cold to I'm interested. So it's cold to warm. And how we do that is we try to add value to them by getting them to raise their hand to receive the value.

So when it comes to call to actions, I like to say personalized video angle. Can I show you over a personalized video on how you can do this for yourself? I just created a personalized video.

I like free audit angles. Hey, is it cool if I send you over a free audit on how you can start getting new clients through your Instagram account, whatever your services that you're offering free audit call to action. Another call to action is are you the right person to chat with about this?

So these are just a few different angles on how we could do it. So let's just test some of these out and see these even further. So personalized video.

What could we say here? Is it cool if I send over a personalized video on how you can implement our unique selling proposition yourself? Actually, another one that I forgot to add is going to be case study.

People like the case studies. Free audit. Would you be up for a free audit for some ideas on how you can also?

Desired outcome? Question mark. Case study.

Could I shoot you over a doc showing how we just helped? Case study. That strategy we used to help.

Case study. I just created a personalized video on how company name can do this to desired outcome. Can I drop it here?

Are you the right person to chat to about this? So now we have all these different call to action frameworks that we can begin to use and test. Let's go ahead and go back to trustee chat to BT.

Perfect. So that's what we would add in our emails. Maybe we want to use this framework.

Can I shoot you over a doc showing the exact strategy we used to help because you double their monthly revenue become the go-to expert in their space. Perfect. Using these different frameworks, these should be the call to actions.

Not book a call because what we're trying to do is we're trying to create a high converting call to action and the converting is going to be raising their hand and turning somebody that has these interests. And then it becomes our job to follow up with these people. So we included these here.

Let's go check these out real quick. On this one, obviously it wouldn't matter. On this one, we're going to use this one and then do the Austin Schneider founder coach funnel systems LLC.

So now let's preview this. So we're going to test out three different methods inside of instantly, which will be killer. And the call to action.

Cool. If I send you a personalized video on how you can put the four, you amplifier yourself to attract more high ticket clients and grow visibility. Okay.

We can have an abundance of different call to actions, abundance of different things with these different frameworks that we're testing guys. So this is why this is so important that we're using frameworks in our videos because with the foundation, we're using the foundation to pull different frameworks and create different frameworks inside of our business. The last point is going to be follow up.

You've probably all heard the saying of it takes seven touches to finally get a client to say yes. And it's true. Fortune is in the fall.

I would say about 50 to 60% of our business comes from following up, comes from the follow ups. So if we're just sending one email expecting that somebody is going to raise their hand and turn into a client, that is unfortunately a pipe dream and is not likely going to happen from one email. So we need to make sure that we're following up with people.

We have a follow up sequence and we have a follow up structure as it pertains to getting our clients on a call and turning that cold prospect into an actual client. Really the follow ups, what I like to do is I like to add in three to four different follow ups. And the thing with the follow ups is you don't need to really like recreate the wheel.

Let's just say we're writing follow up emails for this specific campaign. Notice you're in the coaching space and had some ideas how you made me go through authority in 2025. Basically, we want to follow up on last email.

Now that's really the goal here because how we should be structuring these emails essentially. Let me just go ahead and save this because these campaigns are a little bit different. I'm just going to do test one and test two because a couple of different like call to actions, I would actually create these into two different campaigns and not just have one.

So I'm going to delete this variant in the first campaign. We can use the other one. So hi, first name, reason for my reach out, email structure, call to action.

Is it cool if I send over a personalized video on how you can implement our authority and fly blueprint yourself to attract more active clients and grow your visibility? All we're trying to do is we're trying to follow up on the last email and desired outcomes. From a framework perspective, we don't want to just continue to like harp on the same thing, be tempted to sell why they should respond to you.

All we want to do is point back to the vacation, to the desired outcome, and then test out the different call to action variations that we've gone through. So pulling up on my last email about helping you get desired outcome. And then the call to action is what we can do is simply go back here.

So this is what I would use. Hi, first name. Pulling up on the last email about helping you get more high-tech clients and grow your authority in your niche.

And then what's next is the call to actions. Is this something you're interested in? And then also the value.

So same thing. Let's pull another call to action from what we did here. We're just trying to get them to raise their hand.

That's what we want them to do. Hi, John. Following up on my last email about helping you get more high-tech clients and grow your authority in your niche.

Would you be up for a free audit for some ideas and how you can also attract more? Perfect. So same thing here.

Give me another variation of the follow-up for desired. And then because this will be the third email, I would change the call to action to be a little bit different. Is this a priority?

Interest? Goal? Is this a goal heading into 2025?

And then the last email, I kind of like to get creative with it because if they haven't responded to three emails with two days apart, the likelihood of them responding again or like us catching their attention becomes like a little bit slimmer, but you never know. Here, what I would like to do is I would say, hi, first name. Haven't heard from you about your coaching business.

We know where you're at with it. A, I'm interested. Send me more info.

B, I have enough premium clients at my coaching business. C, I am not the right person to reach out to about this. Or D, I retired and sold my business.

So this is kind of like the end breakup email. And then we can pretty much just call it good from here. Okay.

In addition, you could do another one that's like 14 days later if you wanted to, like another follow-up similar to like step number three. Just following up. It's been two weeks since I last connected with you.

Is this still not on your radar? Okay. So that's the follow-up sequence.

And I would do the follow-up sequence per type or per structure framework that you're using so that you can always point back to the first email that you then did. Now, once we launch the campaign, what's going to happen is you're going to start getting all of your responses in what's called the Unibox. The Unibox directs all of your emails inside of the Unibox so that you can manage all the emails.

So as you can see here, there's different statuses of people that when they email, it'll be interested, meeting book, meeting complete, one, wrong person, lost, not interested, lead, et cetera. What we also want to do when it pertains to follow-up is we don't want to just get an email, maybe a positive response, send them information, just like leave it as that. What we want to do is we want to organize a CRM.

So inside of Insuline, what's really cool is we have a CRM. So if somebody does become a positive reply, then we'll have a positive reply protocol and it will automatically go into the interested category inside of our campaigns. And inside of the interested category, this becomes people that we've sent the value to.

And what we're doing is we're trying to follow up hard on these people so that we can get them on a call. We don't want to just send them information and be like, okay, they're going to book a call. We want to send them information, propose a call, follow up, follow up every 24 hours until you get a yes or no response.

The cool thing is, is inside of the CRM, you have their email, you could text them. You can find pain points, which will be more good data for you, competitors. You can also find them on LinkedIn if their LinkedIn is connected to their channel and so much more.

So I wouldn't just email them. I would also call them. I would text them.

I'd find them on Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, wherever your customers are being and making sure you're being diligent with your follow-up. All right guys, this was a lot of information as it pertains to copywriting for your cold emails. And if you guys can implement everything that I just taught you, you will see more responses, more leads booked, more calls booked, and more deals at your business.

I can promise that. So if you want to try the cold email software that I used to basically build out this whole email campaign, just go to the description or go to instantly.ai to get started with it today. And if you want to make it even easier for yourself to start using cold email and having success with cold email, you can check out this video here where I give you the best cold email script for any business.

Thanks so much for watching guys, and we'll see you on the next one.