In this video, I'm going to give you the best high ticket sales process that I've seen to work from bringing a lead to freezing cold to red hot ready to buy. The right sales process can be the difference between you closing deals left and right or leaving every sales call feeling super defeated. And after being in the marketing space for almost a decade and closing hundreds of sales calls and helping hundreds of others, I was able to implement the exact same method that I'm going to go over with you today to increase show rates and ultimately increase conversions at our business.

Let's get into it. So the first thing when it comes to a sales process is not making sure we have the best script, the best salesperson, all that sort of stuff. It's making sure we have the infrastructure in place.

We want to make sure that we have a calendar with questions. So we are not manually booking and sending a Google invite. We are not manually booking them in because we met somebody and they want to talk.

We're not jumping on a quick call when the customer says, oh yeah, I'm interested in learning more. We are being disciplined with a calendar that we're sending our prospects to fill out before they can actually book a time. You can use stuff like Calendly or go high level or there's now hundreds of other calendar tools that you can use where people can book appointments that sync with your calendar.

We don't ask, oh, what is your name and all that sort of stuff and just like allow them to book because what we don't want to do from a scalable perspective is you don't want to have a bunch of unqualified people that aren't your ideal customer, people that aren't a fit to even jump on a call with you, people that don't have roadblocks, people that aren't serious because that's just going to end up being a waste of time for you. So we need to make sure the calendar is actually set up with really good questions. So yes, of course, get name, email, basic info, company name.

What we also want to do is we want to ask some fact finding questions that will determine if we should actually take this call. So what we want to ask in multiple choice format as it pertains to your offer is what are your goals? What are you looking to achieve?

What's stopping you from hitting those goals? How soon are you looking to solve the problem to get to the goal? Do you have financial resources to invest to hit that goal?

Are all decision makers going to be on the call? And how did you hear about this? So while these are sort of like deep and maybe you're watching this and like, oh my gosh, I don't think people are actually going to fill this out.

We want to make this as frictionless as possible with multiple choice, but this is a net positive to have in your questionnaire before they book a call with you. And this will give you data so that you can make informed decisions as well as it gives you a lot of data on if your marketing is in fact attracting the right people. So after we have the calendar of the questions, we want to set up appointment reminder.

So if you use tool like Calendly, go high level, we want to set up a confirmation, a 48 hour SMS and email, 24 hour SMS and email, and a one hour SMS and email. The next thing is we want to build out a video sales letter, which is what we call a VSL, but a VSL basically warms your prospects up. I mean, there's been many cases where I've jumped on a sales call before having this and the client's like, we'll take control of the conversation or like, let's just say we do video and like social media marketing stuff for the clients.

They'll jump on and they'll be like, so what is it that you guys do? How do you guys help? Oh, what happens is how they actually got to the calendar could be through like a DM or through an ad and they might not actually be clear on what it is that you actually do.

And the problem is you spend 15, 20 minutes trying to explain to the customer what it is that you actually even do when a video sales letter can then solve that. And it's formatted in a way that should get your customers excited, especially if it's a cold prospect and they have no idea who you are, who you help. This is your opportunity to make them really problem and solution aware of their problems and that there's a solution out there, AKA you, and get them ready for the call.

So from a framework perspective, you guys can just screenshot this, but basically we have a hook. This is literally a template. We have the proof and results show exactly how you've been able to help people.

Current situation. So like what's the current situation that your ideal client is likely facing? What are the pain points that they're likely facing or the problem with the current situation that they're likely facing?

What is the mechanism on how you and your offer solves those pain points and then a call to action. And then it can basically either be book a call with you if it's on like a website, or it can be, we're so excited for the call. If it's a post follow-up, which we have two versions of it.

Next is we need a CRM. If you do book a call, we need a way to track like the status of them, the pipeline of it. So you can use go high level.

We actually have something built out in notion as well. A lot of different tools from like an infrastructure perspective, but we don't want to do is have your brain be the CRM. We want a CRM to be an actual platform and then a sales presentation, like build it in Canva essentially, which is a format of intro, some case studies, situation of most customers, the problem that they told you, or the problem of most customers, and then steps to outcome.

From a sales process perspective, the sales process happens before the sales call even happens. We want to make sure the person who we've never talked to, they're constantly getting warmed up to jump on a call with you, knowing that they have proof, they have an understanding of what you do. So that is where the pre-call steps are paramount to knock out as it pertains to the sales process.

First things first is appointment reminders. We're going to send them a confirmation. Thanks so much.

Your appointment has been confirmed before the call. It's required to watch this VSL. When you jump on the call from expectation perspective, we want you to be in a quiet place.

Don't be in a car. We want to make sure your cameras are on. We're human.

We want to connect with you. So we set expectations of the call. If you can't make it, cancel the call.

But what we're really trying to do is we want them to watch the VSL. This is required. So in the copy of the appointment reminders, your appointment hasn't been confirmed until you watch this.

Reply with the word yes, indicating that you've watched this video. 48 hour SMS text reminder and email reminder. And then we'll send case studies.

So for example, in the email, Hey John, just a reminder in two days, we're going to be chatting. Super pumped to connect with you and learn more about your business. Wanted to also shoot over a case study of Bill who went from doing $2,000 a month to $40,000 a month after working with us.

He was struggling with blank, blank, blank. We implemented blank, blank, blank. And now he's at blank, blank, blank.

Super excited to learn more about how we can implement something similar to you. See you in two days. And then a 24 hour one SMS and email reminder.

And in the email reminder, we'd like to send value content. Hey, John, super pumped to talk to you tomorrow. Just a reminder, our appointments at blank, blank, blank.

Here's the link in case you missed it. Also wanted to drop a couple of YouTube videos that could be a value to you. Here's a quick video on how to blank, blank, blank.

Here's a quick video on blank, blank, blank. You're kind of practicing the rule of reciprocity. You're giving them value.

In return, they're going to show up for the call. They're going to be excited. They're going to be present.

And then one hour SMS and email reminder, basically short. Hey, see you in one hour. Here's the call link.

Make sure that you're on a zoom in a quiet place. And then what we also will do is we'll double confirm and we'll most importantly, make sure that they're watching the video sales letter. So assuming all things go smooth, ideal customer booked, they watched all the resources.

Then that's when we get into the call and sales calls can be really nerve wracking, especially if you haven't done it a whole lot. When it comes to a sales call, design beats willpower. We don't rise to the level of our goals.

We fall to the level of our systems. So if we have a good system in place for our sales calls, then we will be able to follow that system that will get us to our goal. So the first thing is the introduction.

So the purpose of this is we want to focus on the prospect from a tonality perspective, like curious, soft, stay chill, pretty cool. Hey Bill, saw you booked a call to get help with this. I'll see some questions, see how we can help.

And then I'll explain at the end on how we can help dig into their motivation. Like what got their attention? Are they looking for leads?

They're looking for content. Then what we want to do is we want to understand their current situation as it pertains to marketing, as it pertains to whatever offer that you're doing, tonality, relaxed, conversational. So what are you doing right now when it comes to like lead generation and like content creation?

Oh, nice. Like how long have you been doing it this way? Oh, got it.

What led you to doing that? And you can always customize it based off of what it is that you want. Then we move on to the problem awareness.

So the purpose of this is we want to uncover their problem and make them aware of it as well. Really what we're doing is we're digging into the problem, which is why they even booked a call with you in the first place. How we want to do this.

Well, are you currently happy with organic content? What do you like about it? Is there anything that you change or improve?

What do you mean when you say that? What do you mean when you say this? So we don't want to just be like, are you happy with that?

And they're like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell me more when you mean that. That's the asking the clarifying question.

Is there anything that you change or improve? Yeah, probably a little bit. Tell me more.

What do you think? When you say the quality of leads, what do you mean by that? When you say the volume, what do you mean by that?

How long has that been going on for? So you're saying the quality isn't good. So now you're starting to dig up the pain, dig up the problem for the customer.

At this point, they should be like, okay, wow, this is a little bit of a problem. There could be a better solution out there. Then that's when we transfer to more of the solution.

Identify their ideal solution and the logical emotional outcome that they want. What is like the goal one year from now as it pertains to lead generation? What have you tried to fix that?

What is like your ideal situation look like? And if you were able to like get that, what would that do for you? You're digging in.

Then they're aware that there's a solution out there that you potentially have. Then consequence commitment. What do you think would happen if like you didn't do anything for the next three years?

Like what are the ramifications if the problem gets worse? Are you looking to make a change now? Is this something that you've been looking into?

And this is sort of like getting them to soft commit and how you do that is in a concerned and curious way. What do you think would happen if like nothing changed for the next three years? What happened if you don't do anything from like a change perspective?

You're not going to get any business. We want them to be aware of the consequences of not changing. Then that's when we get into the presentation.

If we go to the infrastructure of the sales presentation, all we're doing is we're going over a basic Canva presentation of, oh, here's a little bit about us. Here's all the people that we've been able to help. Here's the situation that you explained.

And then the problem with the situation that they have is closed deals out of quality, or they're not going to be able to predictably grow their business. And then the transition point in the presentation is essentially, so how we help you is step one, step two, step three, step four. So what I even like to do is I'll even pull up like a mural board, basically draw this out and I'll draw it out from the perspective of, so what you told me is you're getting bad leads, unqualified, et cetera.

And probably what you want is like predictable income, provide for family and quality appointments. So basically our process for doing this is first, what we'll do is blank, blank, blank. Then what we'll do is blank, blank, blank.

You mentioned blank, blank, blank. So this is how this can solve that point. Then what we'll do is this, then this, then this, then this.

And obviously add in what exactly you're doing inside of Canva. You can literally just share your screen and type in the presentation. And then this way, they start to see the process.

Clients will buy into the process of getting them to the outcome. So after the presentation, we do the closing letter. Cool.

Do you have any like questions about how this could help you? What do you find most valuable about what I showed you? Do you think this could actually help you in terms of investments?

Only $7,000. What does this look like for you logistically? So they're already bought in.

They already see how this can provide a really clear outcome for them financially. And now all we need to do is drop the price. What's naturally going to happen is objections.

Really the main point on objections are usually a mask of something else. If it's a price objection, they don't understand the ROI of your service. If it's, I need to talk to a partner perspective, there's usually something underlying that they don't understand about how you can solve that.

Tonality perspective, we want to be like calm, empathetic, and curious. So if they do have an objective, like that's not a problem. Tell me more what you mean by that.

Putting that aside, like, do you feel like this would help get you to your goal? So we're constantly removing the problem. Oh, it just seems really high.

I'm not really sure about the ROI. Then you handle that objection through case studies, through showing exactly how you will solve the ROI issue. And then we continue to ask for the sale after each point.

And if you didn't close, what we want to make sure is we book a follow-up meeting. What day would be best to get you and your partner on a call so that we can have this conversation? You handle all the objections and you do a really good job at that.

And they actually need to set up another call. What day and time can I send an invite for? And we do that on the call.

And then after the call, we like to send a post-call email. We send a call recording. I like to use Fathom just because it's like an automatic sending a meeting.

And then I'll also send a post-call emailing detailing the convo plus next steps. Depending on the client, you can also send like a loom video just to show excitement and put a face to it. If they're in fact ideal.

Then ultimately guys, fortune is going to be in the follow-up. So if you don't close them on the first call, if that's not part of your sales process, we need to make sure we're using the CRM so we can actually track them. Bonus, like if you have like an automated drip to go out, a specific dates on when to follow up, you can do that inside and go out level pretty easily.

Other bonus points would be like sending value to their inbox. So if you're actively creating content on YouTube, on Instagram, we can be feeding value to them. So that was the best high ticket sales process that you can use to start making thousands and thousands of more dollars overnight.

If you want to put this into practice and start booking more sales calls for your business, go ahead and click on this video right here where I show you how I was able to book over 113 calls in just 30 days. Thanks so much for watching and we'll see you on the next one.