Hey guys, so after sending hundreds of thousands of emails and receiving tons of different email copies from you, I've noticed one thing that goes throughout all of the email campaigns that you guys are doing that I see is the biggest reason why you're not getting responses right now. And I'm going to show you what it is in this video and then how to fix it with a little free tool as well. Before we get started, make sure you smash the like button and subscribe so I can keep creating more of this content and let's get into it.

So the main problem is that your emails are too long. It happens all the time. Nobody has time to read an essay from a complete stranger.

Nobody cares about your small talk. Best emails got straight to the point. There's no fluff, no BS.

The emails that get most responses can be read in just 10, 15 seconds and it's super easy to respond. So think about it. You're sending cold emails to a person that doesn't know anything about you and then they receive like a page of a book.

Like nobody has time to read this. When I see that, like I always avoid it unless it's 100% personalized. But like if I read the first line, I understand it's a template and long one, like skip archive, delete.

I'm not reading that. So we have to make sure it's short. Like think about all the content we're seeing and using from Twitter.

Like it's short, quick, which is like that's what Twitter is. So I see them on TikTok quick, Instagram quick. So people are used to just scrolling through, reading quick content.

They're not going to take the time to focus on something that they don't know anything about because it's a cold email. We can't start selling them everything straight up front. So how can we start fixing it?

Let's first talk about like why the emails are so long. So first reason, if your emails are not targeted, if you don't know who your exact target is, you're going to go too broad and you want to, you are going to want to cover all of the bases. So like if you're a founder, if you're a marketer, if you're a partner, if you're an investor, you're going to try to create a copy that makes sense for everybody.

And that's going to make it bloated and too long. So to avoid that, we want to know exactly who we're targeting. If we're targeting CEOs, the message is going to be different than if we're going to be targeting marketers.

So know your target audience and write an email specifically for them. That's going to help you shorten it down. So two, you want to say everything at once.

So I'm seeing this over and over again, like all the emails are too long. They list out all of our offers. It's pretty much like a landing page.

It's like a website. We can do Facebook ads. We can help you with lead generation.

If that doesn't work, we can do SEO. By the way, we've done this for this client and this client, this client, and this is like, goes on and on. I get it.

Like you're good. You have so much stuff to offer, but again, cold email, we just want to focus on the main benefits, which is the third point. If you're not focusing on the end goal, the main benefit that you're offering, it's going to make your email drag out.

You're going to talk about all the features, all the services that you can do, all the case studies, but what the prospect really is interested in is the end goal. They don't care about Facebook ads. They just want the revenue.

They don't care about getting sales meetings. Again, they just want revenue. So most of the time, if you're using, or if you're doing like sales or like a marketing agency stuff, it's going to be helping companies grow and get revenue.

So that's your main benefit. And if you just like focus on that simply and like directly, your emails are going to be shorter. So now the tool and how exactly can we start fixing it?

So we're going to be using a tool that calculates the average person's read time. It's completely free and you can just paste your copy in there. And then I'm going to give you one goal, one goal only.

Your email should be under 15 seconds of silent reading time. Remove everything from your email. That's not absolutely necessary.

And this constraint will make you a better goal even copywriter. You will get more responses simply because more people are going to be reading through your actual emails. So this is the tool.

Where's the time converter? Let's take one copy from you guys from the last copy roast. Let's take this one.

So you can already see like just by looking at it, it's long as hell. Let's put it here. Let's take this one here.

And then if you scroll down, talk time. So it's going to be longer to talk, but this is what we want. Silent reading time.

This is what like emails are like read silently. So 52 seconds. Like you'd be surprised how long 52 seconds is if you try to read it through.

Like it feels long, like long, long, long. I'm not going to be doing it. So we need to cut it down.

And you can check my roast video to learn exactly like how I got it down. But if you take the copy that I edited and I cut down. Nine seconds I'll read them.

And again, you can see just by looking at it, like you feel okay. It's much more airy, simple. I'm going to take those nine, 10 seconds to go through it.

Like, you know, subconsciously, if you receive this email versus this, that you're going to have to put like some effort into this and I'm busy, like I'm dealing with so many things. I don't want to do it. But this one, okay.

Like, let's see couple sentences. I'm down to do it. So you want to get into the habit of doing this.

Take all of your copy, make sure it's targeted, start removing 90%. So this one, it gets a little bit better. 32 seconds, talk time, 25 seconds.

So I'll read them. But still we can make it even shorter. So this is the edited version that I did for him.

And seconds. And like, if you can get it to this, like 10 to 15 seconds time, you're going to be getting more responses. Like more people are going to take the time.

And it's like an added benefit because you make it much shorter. You're going to compile all the insights into like very short sentences, which is going to mean that email is going to read more targeted. It's not going to be fluff and it's going to get more responses for you.

So start doing this, take all of your copy, every long one, make it shorter, make sure 10, 15 seconds. That's your only goal going forward. If you're not getting responses and then start creating variations of those, try different angles, try different targeting, try different benefits, try different case studies, add case studies, take away case studies, but keep it short.

Like the biggest problem is the emails are too long. Even if it's like super good offer, everything's good. People are not just going to take the time to go through it.

So start using this tool. I'm going to link it down below. Free, use it on our campaigns.

We're doing the same and hope you liked it. Don't forget to smash the subscribe button, like the video, and I'll see you next one. Cheers.