You might have tried everything to grow your business, better offers, better marketing, better sales. But despite all of that, your business feels stuck. You're seeing inconsistent growth, your revenue is unpredictable, and it just feels like something is fundamentally broken.

Well, the issue isn't your product, it's not your ads, it's not you. The issue simply lies in how you're getting customers. Lucky enough for you, this is one of the easiest fixes for businesses.

So in this video, I'm gonna show you exactly why you can't grow your business and exactly how to fix it. When I first started my business, I thought that if I had a really good product, if I just ran ads, like I'm seeing all these gurus tell me to do on all the ads that I see, if I just had the prettiest looking website with the best SEO to drive organic traffic, and I thought that if I just post content five, six, seven times a week, I'm going to be the go-to person that everybody thinks about and I'm gonna win more deals as a result. The problem is, is I was just focusing on the wrong things that weren't driving the right results.

While I should have a really good product and you should also really, really focus on your product, it's unpredictable on how you're going to get good leads as a result of having a really good product. Because if you have a really good product, most of your business likely comes from referrals or word of mouth, which just leaves you in those feasts and famine cycles. I mean, I can't really predict when the next person is gonna refer me over.

And that's what caused me a lot of the good months and not so good months. When it comes to ads, again, ads are a great way to get in front of a lot of people. Facebook is a multi-billion dollar company as a result of a lot of the advertisers using the tool to get in front of the right people.

The problem is, is that it can be really, really expensive if done wrong. You basically get in front of more people just by spending more. And it can be really risky if you're just throwing money at ads, hoping that you're gonna actually get results from it.

Without the right strategy, ads can be really, really tricky to actually convert and get results from. Website and SEO. I mean, again, you should have a website.

You should have good SEO. People are searching for your services. The problem is, is there's no predictable way to get new clients just from your website or just from your SEO.

Again, you can't be like, oh, I wrote three blog posts and got this many deals. You can't really predict the person to make an actual action when they do hit on your website. And it just takes a long time to actually get results.

And if you want to grow your business, you can't be waiting around for SEO to rank you higher in the Google search rankings or someone to hit on your pretty website and end up converting. Content. You should for sure have content.

I post a lot of content. I have had a lot of success with posting content for my businesses. But the problem is, is again, it takes a long time.

Like it's not going to be a make or break for your business if you're just posting content. That's not going to predictably get you new clients on repeat. It might influence clients to make a decision, but it's not going to predictably get you leads and get you out of those feast or famine cycle.

Relying on going viral is not a good marketing plan, is not a good lead gen plan whatsoever for your business. The truth is, is you could have all of these components just freaking dialed in. But if nobody knows who you are, you will never be able to scale.

What I realized when I was scaling my business and what I teach you hundreds of other people is we need something that is scalable, repeatable and predictable. And I look at lead gen kind of like a light switch. If we can turn it on when we need new leads, perfect.

Here's the mechanism of doing it. It's not going to cost us too much money. It's going to be a really proven strategy.

Boom. I can turn it off if I need to work on fulfillment or hire some more people to help me out. The reality is, is that not knowing where your next deal is going to come from is a very dangerous and vulnerable place for business owners.

And after trying almost every mechanism of getting new business, what I've realized that works wonders is intentional cold outreach to businesses. And this is where I see a lot of people get it wrong. They think they can just make some touches.

They think they can just blast people. The more people that they reach out to in the most sporadic way by throwing spaghetti on the wall, the more results that they're going to get. With cold outreach, we need a few things.

The first things first is we need the right people that we're reaching out to. We're just reaching out to any email that you can get and just sending the same generic email over and over again, thinking that you're going to get a response is not a profitable strategy and you're not going to get results as a result of it. The second thing that we need is we need to be systematic.

We need to take our lead gen serious. Systems run the business, people run the system. Business is just simply a system and your lead gen system is no different than the way that you should be running your operations and running your business.

If you can come up with a system for reaching out to people and have it be systematic, then you will come up with a repeatable way to actually get results. Third thing is we need follow-ups. What I would do is I would send a cold DM here and there, send a message here and there, and I would get bogged down.

I would forget to follow up. I had no tracking mechanism to know that I would actually follow up with them. And there was no real way for me to actually know when to follow up with each person.

And I would just basically send a message, hope they respond to the first one and just go to the next contact. But the reality is, is that fortune is in the follow-up. Some say that you need seven touch points in order to get a response.

And if I'm just doing one and spreading my net super, super wide, I'm not gonna get results. And lastly, we need scale. Sending 50 DMs a day is not enough.

The reality is, is that nobody knows who you are. And if you're the best kept secret, then you're never going to be able to grow unless you're reaching out to the right people in a way that consistently gets you in front of the right target audience. People grossly underestimate the amount of people that you need to reach out to in order to actually scale your business.

If you are in this manual DM trap or this manual outreach trap, like let's just say you send 50 DMs a day or 50 emails a day. Let's just say each message takes you two minutes to compile in a generous way. That's almost two hours a day of doing manual mindless work.

That two hours a day can be used in a way more beneficial way for your business than copying and pasting the generic message and sending it or finding people on LinkedIn and sending a message over and over again. The reality is, is if you are sending manual outreach via Instagram or LinkedIn, you risk getting banned. You risk the limits that Instagram and LinkedIn give you, which doesn't even get you close to the volume needed to actually scale your business.

We need to look at our business like a business. We need to scale systematically. We need to put systems and processes and leverage technology that allows us to scale what we're currently doing so that we can actually get results.

Once I was able to do this in my own business, we were consistently booking two to four calls every single day. And we were able to grow our business to multiple seven figures as a result of doing this. And I've seen this work for a ton of people.

We coach over 300 agencies. They've had a lot of success. I've seen it work for PPC agencies, Legion agencies, content agencies, recruitment agencies.

And this is even something that Alex Ramosi talks about a ton as one of the things that got him from basically going bankrupt in this business and one of the key components that allows him and his portfolio of companies to predictably scale. The fact of the matter is that the businesses that will actually scale in this day and age are the ones that take their lead gen serious. When I say serious, they're using tools.

They're automating things. They're treating their business like a business. So here's what you can do right now to actually systematize your average, to actually be able to scale it, to actually be able to predictably get new clients on repeat without you being bogged down in the business or without it costing you an arm and a leg to do.

What I've done is I use a tool like Instantly. I talked about getting the right target audience. They have a built-in lead finder that I can literally type in CEOs in California and I can find all of my target audience in literally two, three clicks, depending on how many filters you want to use.

It could be job listings, technologies, how many employees, industry. And I can get a list of my ideal customer that I can begin to do outreach for. This quick list, 82,000 people that I can send emails to.

I'm not manually building lists. I'm not searching through LinkedIn all day. I'm not having to search through Instagram and hope that somebody's going to respond.

I know that I'm actually getting in front of the contact and the title of the person that I want to reach out to. And when it comes to scalability, what I can do inside of Instantly is I can, in a couple of clicks, set up all of my emails, set up all of my domain and warm them up. I can do as many as I'd like.

Each email is about 50 emails a day. So if I wanted to send a thousand emails a day, then I should get 10 emails that I can send from. And it all is used here.

So I can basically scale this up as high as I want, just depending on how many inboxes that I want to choose. And it does all the technical setup, which is really, really efficient for me. And let's talk about systematizing outreach.

I mean, they have a built-in campaigns right here where I can literally build a campaign. I can upload the leads into the campaign that I got from the lead finder. And I can write sequences based off of the people that I'm reaching out to, making sure that it's actually targeted to the person that I'm reaching out to.

In addition, there's AI tools that can help me with the copywriting. I can create personalized lines based off of it with the open API, which is key to actually getting responses. And like before I mentioned, fortune is in the follow-up.

I can add as many follow-ups as I want directly inside of Instantly. Tracking is going to be paramount. My campaign analytics, I can see the account analytics, I can see how many emails I've sent, I can see my reply rate, how many opportunities came as a result of that.

And that allows me to make informed decisions based off of the analytics with all the fobs, with all the messages that I'm sending, and I can make sure that what I'm doing is actually effective. And the beautiful thing about this is like this doesn't take that much time. Really what I'm doing is writing new campaigns and I'm really just feeding the beast into the campaigns with more leads, more angles.

And I'm just doing that from a rinse and repeat. I'm not doing anything manual. All of this is basically happening as I'm working inside of my business and I'm notified when I get positive replies and I can just go to the Unibox and reply directly in there.

This is the most systematized way, the most scalable way that I've been able to predictably grow my business. And if you do this, guys, if you do this right at a high enough volume, you will get results. There's thousands of people already using a tool like Instantly to predictably get them leads.

It's something that I've used. This is something that we coach over 300 agencies to use. I was skeptical too when starting to use cold email.

Oh, this is gonna be spammy. I don't know if my offer is good enough. I don't know if my messaging is gonna hit.

I don't know if this is actually going to work for me. And even more recently, I took on a challenge to start and scale a new business and sell it using cold email. And basically my goal was to get a paying customer in about 10 hours just to prove that it is in fact possible.

So if you wanna see exactly the ins and outs and what it takes to actually grow a business, set up your campaigns and use cold email to get a paying client in 10 hours, then go ahead and click the link on the screen and check out the video there. Thanks so much for watching and I'll see you on the next video.