Email deliverability is one of the most important parts of your cold email if you want to get clients using it, period. Because your targeting, your split testing, your offer, your call to action won't matter if it's not actually landing in the inbox of these customers. And even after sending over a million cold emails, generating multiple seven figures, I still prioritize email deliverability.

So in this video, I'm going to go through a full deliverability stack that you need to implement inside of your cold email so that you can land more inboxes, book more calls, and ultimately make more money for your business and what you're selling using cold email. So when I say deliverability, what I really mean by that is the ability for your email to actually land inside of the inbox of the recipient. And the problem that I see a lot is because of email service providers, rules changing, spam filters becoming more and more strict.

It's becoming harder and harder to actually land inside the inbox. And most people just don't keep up to date what it actually takes to get inside of the inbox. And they shoot a cold email to people or they create a campaign and they don't get any responses because their emails aren't actually delivering in the inbox of the consumers, which ends up being a complete waste of time.

And some common things I see is like the spam filters are triggering due to people just being spammy with their emails. They're using spam words. They're using things in all caps.

Their domain has a horrible sending reputation, ultimately leading them to not being able to land in the inbox. They send way too many emails every single day. They have high bounce rates, which wrecks the email service provider, which ultimately leads to you not being able to send any emails.

Or they're getting really bad lists and every time that they send an email, 50% of the list that they're emailing to bounces back, which ultimately wrecks your domain, which ultimately allows you to not actually land in the inbox of people. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through a few different things as it pertains to cold email deliverability and how you can make sure that you are ultimately set up for success. I'm going to go through two parts.

I'm going to go through the basic deliverability and then I'm going to go through the advanced deliverability to make sure that when you do send an email, it's going to land in the inbox of your ideal customer. The first thing that we want to make sure is we want to make sure that we are warming up our emails. What we want to do when we're sending emails is we don't want to just buy an email or get an email and then start firing off emails tomorrow.

That's the fastest way to be triggered as spam. So what we want to do is we want to start to build reputation that this is a credible sending source, that this is a credible email sending these emails so that it will actually start to begin sending emails. So what we do is we will basically subscribe to newsletters.

We can use a warmup tool to automatically send emails back and forth so that it starts to build credibility with it. Or inside of instantly, we can use their done for you setup. I like to just basically buy a domain that's similar to my domain.

And then what I do is I purchase the domains and what happens, it'll purchase different emails that are associated to that domain. And when I purchased the domain, basically what happens is it will automatically start to warm up the emails inside of instantly and start to send emails back and forth. And it'll give me a warmup score, a health score, and it'll show me all of the warmup emails that have been sent.

The second thing that you can do inside of instantly is you can get pre-warmed accounts. So if you don't want to wait the two weeks or so for the emails to actually warm up and you're ready to send them today, they have domains ready to go that are pre-warmed up that you can immediately purchase today and start sending emails today and avoid the whole warmup process. But warming up the emails is not everything that we need because if we don't authenticate our domain, then there's no chance that our emails are actually going to be landing in the inbox of our customers.

When it comes to authenticating your domain, what I see a lot is a lot of people just struggle to set up their cold emails effectively as it pertains to having to talk to the email service provider of where it was actually set up. And the problem with this is, is this creates a lot of friction and their emails aren't set up properly. So the emails don't actually get sent because they're not technically set up.

So what you need to do as it pertains to authenticating your domains, you need to set up your SPF, DMARC, and DKIM records inside of GoDaddy or Google Workspace if that's the two tools that you're using. So what you're going to want to do is you want to buy the domain on GoDaddy and you'll add the domain to your Google Workspace. So what you're going to do is you're going to simply go to your Google Workspace, go to your account, go to domains, manage domains, and you're going to add a domain.

And then what that's going to prompt you to do is it's going to prompt you to start the verification process, activate your Gmail, set up your MX records through there. And what you'll also need to do is you'll need to go to your GoDaddy and you need to set up the appropriate SPF records so that we can make sure that they're actually talking to each other and that this is actually an email that's going to be sent using the domain that you actually just bought. You also want to set up your DKIM records, which will basically just be a few different DNS changes that you'll need to make, which you can see down below and start the authentication.

After that, you'll finally need to set up the DMARC records, which is the TXT records that you can copy and paste into GoDaddy to make sure that it is properly set up as well. The problem with this is that it takes a lot of time and it does take a minute to do it. The faster way, guys, is to just simply purchase a domain inside of instantly using the done for you setup and it will do everything for you and it will automatically set everything up properly so you can avoid all the time that it takes to do this manually and really the room for error, which will ultimately cost you in deliverability.

The next thing that we need to do is going to be making sure we have a targeted list. We want to make sure that the people that we're actually sending emails to are legit. What I've seen a lot and what I used to do a lot when I was first starting cold email is like, I'm going to get as many people as possible just because I'm trying to get my message and get what I'm trying to sell in front of as many people as possible.

So I would get really, really scrappy with how I would get those lists. I would not be really sure if this was in fact a targeted list or not. I just knew that they were emails and hopefully somebody on the other side would read it and hopefully somebody on the other side would need what I wanted.

And the problem with this is that the emails oftentimes bounced back. They were not actually legit emails. It wasn't the person I was trying to send an email to and it would ultimately wreck my domain as a result of all of the bounce backs and all of the basically spam emails that I was trying to spam out.

So what we want to do instead is we want to make sure our list is really, really targeted and verified. So basically there's three different ways to get lists. One, you could buy a list.

So you could simply just search your niche targeted list of emails that you can purchase and get it that way. Pretty simply too, you could build your own list. So you could hire somebody to build your own list.

Like what I like to do is if there's a industry event and I see all the exhibitors attending that industry event and all the exhibitors are within my niche, cool. I'm going to hire a VA to go on LinkedIn, pull the emails so they can then message them because I know in fact, they are in fact a good candidate and good list for me. And lastly, you can use software to build lists, which is what I recommend for the fastest thing possible to make sure that you get the most accurate data and make sure that it's in fact quick and swift to do it.

What I like to do is just simply use Instantly's Lead Finder. So like if I want people in financial services, let's call it, I could pull a huge list of people in a couple of clicks, get their emails. And the cool thing about doing this is that not only is it really fast, there's a massive database of millions and millions of people to pull from, but it will also verify the contacts to make sure that the people that we're sending the emails to are in fact legit goes through a three-step verification queue.

So that will reduce my bounce rate, which will increase the likelihood of my deliverability being extremely high. Next, what we want to do is we want to make sure that we are monitoring our sender reputation. What I used to do is I would get a list, I would fire it off.

And all of a sudden I'd be like, huh, why does it seem like I'm not getting many replies anymore? The problem was, is that my sender reputation was really, really bad. Meaning that because I had been sending so many cold emails using a specific email, a specific domain, it actually caused it to stop sending emails because that domain was basically marked as spam, which basically tells Google or the email service provider, don't put this in the inbox because this is clearly a spam email.

What we need to do instead is we need to make sure that we have a mechanism to monitor our sending reputation, meaning to make sure that we're not getting a lot of bounces, to make sure that our emails are actually landing in the inbox. So you can use tools like Google Postmaster, NMX Toolbox. And for me, what I like to use is I like to use instantly because what it shows me is it shows me the health score of my domains and anything under 80% I should be aware of that perhaps there could be a red flag or there could be some unhealthy sending going on with that specific email or that specific domain.

And I should consider maybe getting more to replace it with. So all of these are extremely basic ground level deliverability things that we need to make sure that we're implementing before we start sending cold emails. But there are some advanced deliverability techniques that separate good campaigns from great campaigns.

There's AI tools getting more sophisticated as it pertains to flagging emails as spam. If you really want to scale with cold email, it does require precision planning and a lot of the small things done right. So if we can do these small things, then as we scale with cold email, we're going to have an increase in likelihood of actually landing an inbox ultimately and making more money for your business.

So first advanced deliverability tip is going to be dynamic personalization. Commonly, when it comes to cold email, you'll basically send the same email over and over and over again to multiple people hoping to get responses based off of that specific email. Problem with this was is that sending the same email over and over and over again can be flagged as spam because it's the same message over and over and over again from a specific email from a specific domain.

What I like to do instead is I like to do two things. One, I like to use Spintax. So if I go to my emails, I'll make sure that all of my emails have Spintax in them.

So with instantly, I can do a Spintax writer and I can do random and basically what it's going to do, it's going to pick specific words that are similar in like, like hi, hello, greetings, good day, whatever it could be. I could switch these out as needed and it will randomly pick them based off of the email that's going to be sent. So my list of leads, while it's a same message, there's going to be random words picked out so that it's not seen as spam by sending the same thing over and over and over again.

In addition, what I like to do is I like to use AI and create an AI personalized line per contact that I'm sending to. So what you could do if you have a list of, let's call it a thousand prospects, you can create a column inside of your list and you can write a specific or create a specific personalized line for that specific contact based off of some piece of data from the lead that you actually get. And this could be a little bit time consuming.

There's tools like ChatGPT for sheets out there. You could use a tool like Clay to make sure that there's a lot of variance as it pertains to what you're sending to people, which will decrease the likelihood of it being seen as spam and increase the likelihood of you actually landing in the inbox because at the end of the day, people want something that seems like it's going to be specific for them anyway. In addition, using instantly, they do have an AI prompt where basically what you can do is you can generate based off of hundreds, if not thousands of prompts pre-made for you.

You can generate like a unique opening sentence based off of like a website perhaps or any information that you have from a lead, which will generate a personalized line for that specific contact, which is a really, really scalable way to be really dynamic with you reaching out to people. Make sure you use those two things, Spintax and the personalized lines in order to increase the deliverability. But if you don't have text only emails, the likelihood of you getting that 100% in the inbox could be a little bit lower.

We want to make sure that our emails are just text only. Text only emails are seen and proven to have the highest deliverability rate. So if you are sending an email from a cold email provider, you want to make sure that you're sending it as a text only, no HTML.

So inside of instantly, if I go to my options, if I go to delivery optimization, I can simply check send emails as text only, making sure that my campaign is in fact optimized. The next thing that we want to focus on is email cadence optimization, which is basically when you're sending the emails, how frequently you're sending the emails, et cetera, et cetera. So what I would suggest is make sure your emails are spaced out in a way that doesn't seem like it's planned.

Like if you have a campaign launching at 930 AM, let's call it, make the intervals every seven minutes that you're going to send the next one or some random number. So it creates some randomness as it pertains to how you're sending. Because if you're sending all of your emails on the fives or on the tens, that's a small thing that could indicate that it's in fact going to be a spam email.

So inside of instantly, what we need to do is we can click on advanced options and then we can go to sending pattern and we can change the time to seven, to some random number. And then that way the emails will go off at random times and won't be in five blocks or anything like that. The next thing that we need to focus on is the ESP optimization.

So the email service provider optimization, you might not know this, but each email service provider has their own unique filtering mechanism as it pertains to what is spam and what is not spam. And oftentimes if we send an email, let's call it from Gmail to Outlook, there could be some criteria that could be missed and likely for you to end up in spam if you are in fact sending it to, let's call it an Outlook email. So we want to make sure that we're optimizing for our email service providers and make sure that we are sending to a proper email service provider from the same email service provider so that there's consistency and that it's not basically increasing the likelihood that it's going to be seen as spam.

So what we can do inside of instantly is if we scroll down to the advanced features, we can do provider matching and email service provider routing. Basically, if I'm sending an email, if I'm sending from a Google account, I'm going to make sure that I'm only sending to Google accounts or I could select multiple different ones. I can make sure that I'm sending from Google and I can decide if I want to send it to other ones.

Maybe the others could be the ones that are getting you the least amounts of responses. So if we can optimize for the sending service provider to the receiving service provider, you will have an increased likelihood of actually landing in the box. You can also do like different variations like, okay, cool.

I can send from Google to Microsoft and then I'll use Google. So you can get creative with how you want to use it. But again, this is something that we need to be paying attention to if we want to increase the likelihood of landing in the inbox.

And last but not least is going to be the lead filtering, which kind of goes in line with a targeted list, but takes it to the next level. And this means how do we filter leads that are most likely to respond and leads that are likely not to respond? Unfortunately, there's not a lot of tools out there like that.

So in order to do this, you need to make sure that you're using the right sending tool and you're using the right platform that you're actually sending cold emails from. So if I go to my advanced deliverability features, I can do AI lead filtering, meaning if somebody is unlikely to reply, instantly AI will identify leads that are likely to not respond to your campaigns. We can decide if we want to send, we want to skip them, or if we want to send them last.

So what we can do is we can decide, okay, I want to send last or I want to skip them because I have a really big list or whatever it could be. Same thing with hostile prospects. People who have reported a lot of emails as spam or sent hostile responses, we're able to use AI to filter people who have a high likelihood of reporting you as spam or abusive or not so friendly responses back to a lot of emails.

So if we have hostile prospects, are we going to decide to skip, send last, et cetera? That's something that you can decide for your business. And last but not least, one of the coolest features from Instantly's advanced deliverability features is the deliverability optimization tool, specifically the server and IP sharding and rotation section.

And basically what this does is it will monitor the IP performance and rotate high performing IPs while removing ones that are underperforming or deemed as basically risky. And it will do this guys in real time. This means if a IP is flagged in real time, they're going to be replaced so that your campaign is not going to be disrupted.

This is a huge win. And as far as I'm concerned, there's nothing out there like this that can do this or that does this for Colimo users like myself. And the best part is, is if you're using Instantly currently, this doesn't come as an extra charge for you.

So basically there's no additional purchases needed. You're going to have improved reputation management, meaning that we're going to basically shield your campaigns from risks and basically ending up in the spam folders of people. And we're going to automatically replace the ones that have been flagged, which you don't need to even worry about because it's going to be happening in the background for you.

So again, if you go to your settings, advanced deliverability, you can see more on this and you can see that it is enabled and is a massive win for us as cold email users. So this is everything that you need to know about cold email deliverability, as well as Instantly's features to make sure that you're actually landing in an inbox of your customers. Now that you know how to land in the inbox of the customers, we need to make sure that we know how to write cold emails that actually get responses, positive replies, and more book calls for your business.

So click on the video on the screen where I show you exactly, literally step-by-step, how I was able to start and sell a service in 10 hours using cold email. Thanks so much for watching guys and we'll see you on the next one.