All right, welcome to this episode of cold emails and hot takes today I have Nick Abraham on the podcast. Welcome Nick, how are you doing? I'm doing great man, excited to be here.

Okay, great, yeah. So Nick is the founder of Leadbird.io, Quicklines.ai, Inbox.io, EMI and Scrubby. He's really on the cutting edge of cold email and every time I talk to him, he tells me about stuff, you know, I've literally never heard before.

So, you know, one of the innovators in the cold email space, I'm really excited about this conversation here and just, you know, seeing what you're currently up to because we talked about cold email the other day. So yeah, let's just jump right into it. You know, usually we do rapid fire questions at the end of the podcast, but this time let's do them at the beginning of the podcast, kind of questions that people always have about cold email.

And yeah, you ready to jump in a couple questions? Let's do it, man. I'm excited.

All right, great. First question would be how many total emails per day per inbox? So per inbox, we're doing like anywhere from 50 to 60 and like, it depends, right?

Like if you, what I've seen is like if you warm up an inbox for longer, so let's say you warm it up like four weeks rather than like the typical two weeks, like you typically could send more emails, like total emails per day on that inbox. But for the most part, like just to keep it safe, never have to worry about like cold emails or anything of that sort, or like, you know, getting banned or anything of that sort. We try to keep it like within that 50 to 60 like range.

Okay, got it. How many inboxes per sending domain? So we, we typically do like, like what we'll do for like clients is we'll set up like 10 domains and then do one inbox per domain.

And then when I'm, what we're testing right now, like I still don't have like really good like proof on it. It's like, I think you could create, like two other inboxes around like month three and not run into any issues. And so we're playing around with that, but currently we just do one inbox per one domain.

Okay. Got it. How many warmup emails per day?

So right now I like doing like a one, like one in one match. So like if we're sending 60 emails total per day per inbox, like I want to do at least like 30 cold emails and then do 30 warm emails. And then I want to try to keep the reply rate as high as I can.

So I think on instantly you guys do like 80%, like on some of the other tools that we use, we'll put it like a hundred percent or whatever it is. And so then, you know, I kind of look at it from the eyes of like Google or Microsoft, right? Like every day, you know, the inbox, if you're not getting any responses for your cold emails, like you're still getting like a good amount of responses in the eyes of like Google and stuff.

Right. So that like, you're fine. If that makes sense.

Yeah. Makes sense. What's your favorite inbox provider, email provider, Google workspace, Outlook, Zoho, anything else?

Yeah. So we're, we're completely Outlook based when it comes to outbound sending. I mean, I like the UI and stuff of Google better, but like, I just find like any spikes in activity will lead to getting your inbox like blocked for a day or two or whatever it is on like Google without look, it's, it's pretty easy.

Like we don't really run into any issues. And so that's like our preferred choice. Okay.

Got it. Favorite lead data source, if you're willing to share it, or you can just also share your second favorite one. Yeah.

So favorite, so we use a whole bunch of different data sources. Cause like the thing with data sources and data vendors and databases is like, like they're strong in a whole bunch of areas and then weak in others. And so it kind of depends, but like what I like to do is build our account list in ocean.

So ocean does like the AI sample, I've showed you this before, but like for the like people watching, like you could input like a, let's say like, like Libra.io, a B2B demand generation agency, right? You put that in, it's going to find you hundreds of accounts that are B2B demand generation agencies. So it just builds that account list really good.

And then like we'll upload it into Apollo or we'll upload it into sales nav and then like use drop contact to enrich the sales nav search, or we'll use Apollo to just export out of there. We'll do a ton of different stuff, but like for the most part, like most data sources are pretty much all the same. Right.

What's your favorite subject line or second favorite subject line? So we always use a subject line, quick question that it just, it just works well. Like I love it.

Another one we like to use is like thoughts question mark. That one works really well. Those are like the two standard ones.

I know it's super generic and basic, but it just works. Like it does. Other ones we like, if you're selling like, like this one work has been working really well, like TikTok ad services, putting like company name and TikTok question mark.

That one works really well. But yeah, like for the most part, we're doing quick question or thoughts. Yeah.

Yeah. I have an admission to make actually the thoughts question mark from you, like first name thoughts. I stole it from you because one day.

It's a good one. It just works. I received a cold email from you and I saw it was like first name thoughts and I was like, okay, this is nice.

I'm going to start using that. Yeah. I love to hear that.

I'm sure I got it from someone else. Yeah. If you want to switch it up for a quick question, like Nick said, thoughts is a good one.

And favorite call to action in a cold email. Yeah. So favorite one is saying something like, like making a super casual.

So like, Hey, is this something that you'd be interested in? Or, you know, is this something you'd like me to send more information about or something like that? And like what we've seen, and I think gone goes to the status well, that like call to actions that push like strength, like straight to the demo or like the lowest performing CTAs.

And so like having like very whiteboarded call to actions and then focusing a lot on like getting more responses and then managing the responses to turn them into demos. It's like, I think like the blueprint that everyone should aim for right now. So what would you say is a good positive reply rate overall?

Um, benchmark. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not sure.

I think, I think it varies like product to product, right? Like, like, it doesn't matter if like, like, let's say for example, like you're selling like, like, let's say like Facebook ads, like everybody does that. Right.

And so your, your positive reply, like, even if you're aiming for like a 3% or 4%, you're never going to really get there. Cause like everybody offers it, you know what I'm saying? And Facebook ad services may not be the best like, like example of that.

But I think like, like finding and aiming for a positive reply rate, it's, it's hard. It just, it completely depends on your like product market fit. Right.

And so like, it's kind of hard to figure out like, what is that number you want to hit for it? So like, I never really like look at that as like a baseline metric that I need to hit on like all of our clients' accounts. Cause it just, it just varies.

It depends on like their product, their service and who they're targeting. Right. And so like, I think it's a hard one to kind of give like just a specific number for Yeah.

Yeah. For sure. Depends on, on offer niche a lot as well.

Okay, great. Yeah. Enough with the rapid fire questions.

Um, you know, I'm, I'm following you, uh, on Twitter and, uh, I just saw like randomly, I saw you, it wasn't even a post you did, but it was like a comment and you mentioned something about, uh, Integromat and only the real ones know. Uh, what was that about? I'm curious.

Yeah. Yeah. So Integromat and cold email.

So I actually wasn't even the one who, uh, like figured this out. I didn't even know this was possible until like, maybe like three weeks ago. And now we're going to do a couple more things on it, but like, uh, Jesse and Chris, uh, so Jesse, he was on here.

I think he's, uh, his company's called lead magic. Chris, he runs hyper hyper spec, I believe is what's called. And so they're like next level when it comes to like no code automation stuff.

And they like, so basically what you could do in a Integromat is basically automate the entire process of buying domains and then like creating inboxes under those domains and then, you know, adding them into cloud flare to set up the DNS with the proper DMARC records, um, and everything of that sort. So you can just automate that entire process. Cause that's where, you know, a lot of people's, when they start off, they mess up because they don't know how to, you know, configure the DNS records properly.

And like, it's just tedious to like, you know, having the VA set up, you know, tons of inboxes every single day. Like if you can automate that process, you save a lot of time and it doesn't cost anything really either. Cause Integromat's cheap sell.

And so, yeah, that's what we were talking about there. And so, um, I just set it up like two weeks ago, but what we're going to do right now is like kind of make it a little bit more unique for outlook. Um, but yeah, hit up Jesse, hit up Chris, I'll show you how to do it.

So it counts really easily. Yeah. Nice.

Yeah. I talked to Jesse, um, two weeks ago, and then on the podcast too. And he mentioned a couple, uh, really advanced automations.

Yeah. He he's, uh, he's the go-to I love calling him and it's kind of like when we speak, it's like, you learn a whole bunch of random things about like, well, be moaning and you're like, oh shit, that works. Like hell yeah.

I'm gonna try that out. And so, yeah, he, he put me onto that. Like, I think like I want to go.

And then I got him to show me how to do it like a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. Okay.

With, uh, with your growth and lead generation agency, uh, leadbird.io, like how much volume are you running right now? And, uh, like, how do you kind of structure your team also to maintain, optimize and then scale that volume? Like if there's like, you know, so much going on.

Yeah. So I think every month I can't remember what our total email sent is. We were like, like, so like my, my co-founder Eric, he, he also does a ton of cold emails as well.

Um, he runs his own demand agency called Venice's and then like, we work on all our SaaS companies together. Um, I think at one point the, both of us through, uh, our email platform, we were sending, I think like close to like two or 4 million emails, something around there. Um, and so just tons of emails.

Right. And so we were at that point using like send grid and mail gun as well as like some of our, like some of our campaigns, but you know, really didn't find great delivery with that. And like, it was just kind of hard to maintain as well.

And I think it's kind of more of like a luck kind of thing, depending on like, you know, what IP pool they put you in, right. If you're using their shared IP. And so just like managing it, uh, I mean, like, like when I'm looking at an agency, like if you can productize, like what you're doing for every client.

So like kind of like making like your deliverables the same for every client, it's pretty easy to manage. Right. And so like for every one of our clients, we're setting up 10 domains, we're setting up one inbox for each campaign.

Well, you know, max out that inbox at like 60 emails, the each email set up in any, which is our email platform to send out 35 emails per day, you know? So it's like, we just keep those stats the same. And then it's pretty easy to like kind of maintain it across all of them because everything is staying the same.

And like, we don't try to push the amount of email, like I'm sure in the Outlook account, we could probably send, you know, a hundred emails, 150 emails per day, but I want to stay well beyond that or below that, because I'd rather just set up more inboxes to scale through that rather than, you know, like seeing one inbox go down and then having to go like fix it and like worrying about all that. I just think it's a lot of work. And so I try to just keep like, like our deliverables the same across all of our clients.

And so it's very easy to kind of like do the operations of the backend. Yeah. All right.

Got it. So as you know, right. We all know, like one of the key components of like a good cold email campaign is really the copy, I mean the offer, but on top of that, the copy, how do you go about what's your creative process?

Or how do you go about like really creating compelling copy for your cold outreach for your cold email campaigns? What's the process? What does that process look like for you?

Yeah. So I do a couple of things. So I honestly think like copy is like, kind of like, like if we're looking at like cold emails, like I think, you know, deliverability is a little bit more important, like building a really good lead list.

Like I value those things more when it comes to copy. Like I truthfully don't even try to go for like really creative angles or like, you know, something like goofy or anything like that. Like, I think if you could just, because like, you look at it, right.

Like all the emails you get in your inbox, none of them follow like the the base core, like cold email fundamentals. Right. And I think if you just follow those fundamentals, like, like you really don't need some like crazy copy to kind of stand out.

Like you can, you can really stand out like with just like, if you're following the fundamentals. And so like, I think Alex Berman is the one who said this, like with three C's method, when it comes to cold emails, and I love it, right. Like, you know, compliment case study call to action, right.

That's really all you need to pull you up. Right. And then like, I think if you, you know, like, like, and like, here's the thing too, like, if you segment your lead list properly, so like, let's say, you know, you like, like, this is a good example.

We work with this one ad network and they work with a lot of influencers. Right. And so what we did was we built a list of influencer marketing agencies using ocean, right.

Takes less than 10 seconds to do. And now like our opening line is like, you know, Hey, first name saw that you're an influencer marketing agency. So we get to get, we get to be super specific, right.

With the copy. And then we can kind of come in with the case study and then a simple call to action. And so I don't know, I, I kind of like, when it comes to copywriting, I kind of like focus more on like the segmentation of the lead list and seeing like what I could do from that point to kind of bring that into the copy.

And then just follow like a very base fundamental of like writing like cold email copy, which is just the case study, the compliment and the call to action. But for like our clients, I try not to even write the copy because like, you know, it's just one of those things you want to like, kind of like delegate out. And so like, if you're a lead gen agency, like, you know, two, two services I recommend are like copy factory.

They're, they like, they're, they're run by like actual sales reps. And so they know what good cold emails look like. And so they'll write your copy for you, like not using AI or anything of that sort.

Actually, I think they do have an AI portion of it, but they'll do it manually. And so they're really good. So it's like script gen that's run by a really good friend of mine.

And he'll write out the cold email sequences for you. So if you're trying to delegate that portion out of your business, like those are two great vendors to go with. But they also follow like that good fundamentals of just like keeping it short, keeping it snappy, like, you know, and using like the three C's.

So that's kind of how I go about copywriting. Yeah, no, for sure. You like just executing the fundamentals.

Well, is, is key. Like you said, you don't need any to do anything goofy. Like you posted a tweet the other day where someone like offered to, to send a burger or something for door that like, there was no context about the value prop or like what's in it for them or like, it just, it just seemed a little bit out of place.

Like, I don't see people responding to that. It's just executing the fundamentals. Well, yeah, a hundred percent.

You mentioned the lead list and segmentation and quality lead list. A couple of times, how do you go about like building a quality lead list? And what would you suggest people who are maybe in the beginner or intermediate stage?

How should they go about it? Yeah. So, I mean, like, I've like, like in the last like 60 days, that's like what I've been spending a lot of my time on, like the lead list, like how getting that to be like very systemized.

Cause like, you think about it, right? With a lot of these databases, they're, they're mass importing data. And most of it's all built off of sales tab either ways, right?

Like as many, as much as these other databases and pretty much any database will tell you like, oh, like, you know, we, you know, we're scraping it, you know, using our own unique methods. They're just pulling it from LinkedIn. Like every database is pulling it from LinkedIn.

It's just how it is. Right. And when they're mass importing that data, they're just going to categorize things wrong.

Right. So if you're using like the filters to build like a list of like marketing agencies, um, and then you're putting the 11 to 50 head count, and you're putting these titles in like a lot of those, those tags that you're putting, they're just going to be miscategorized. And I was finding that a lot in like a whole bunch of different databases.

Right. And so that's why, like, I don't like to, to build like my entire contact list strictly through like data sources, like Apollo. Right.

What I think is the best way to go about building like a, like your lead list in general, it's like, you want to build like an account list, right? So account list is like companies that fit the criteria you're going after. Right.

And so we'll use ocean for that because it automates entire process. Right. Then you take that account list and you upload it into your data source.

Right. And so this could be Apollo adapts, zoom info, whatever it is. Right.

And different ones are stronger for other areas, but let's just say it's Apollo. And then what's going to happen at Apollo is they're going to find all the contacts that work at those accounts that you just uploaded into there. Right.

And then you can go into Apollo and start putting in, you know, filtering for like the titles and stuff like that. And I honestly don't even like to go specifically into titles specifically if like, you know, our client is not targeting, you know, like massive enterprises. Right.

Because then, you know, they may only give you like a couple world like titles that like may like get that lead list to be super small. Like what I think is more important, it's like going into like, like pulling the department and then pulling like the seniority of it. Right.

Directors, managers or VPs, head, whatever you're going after, like whatever is relevant to your client and product. And then from there, you have a good lead list, put that in a Google sheet and then kind of go through it one by one to figure out like, okay, is this title like relevant to what the client is selling? It is cool.

Keep them. If not, take them out. So I kind of like do a three step process, which is, you know, build the account list.

We'll build a contact list to be kind of vague and less title specific. And then we go into the Google sheet and we'll kind of look at the titles and like the contact specifically to figure out if they're a good fit or not. And then obviously we'll do the cleaning and everything else of that sort.

But that's kind of how I build a lead list. I think it's the best way to go about it. So yeah, hopefully that makes sense.

Yeah. And that really helps with reply rates ultimately also, right? Because just more target is more relevant to you actually sending the right message to the right people when you're making sure that, you know, the targeting is also correct when you're pulling that data.

Yeah, 100%. Yeah, great. So besides, so we talked a lot about called email strategies, called email tactics, you know, something I'd be interested about also is I know you have a lot going on.

You have Leadbird, the agency, you have Quicklines, you have Inboxy, you have EMI, you have Scrubby, you have a lot going on. What would you give as advice for people out there? Like, let's say productivity tips, mindset tips, who really want to build companies fast and be productive?

What's kind of some things that you've learned just from being in the trenches and building all these companies simultaneously? Yeah, so first, try not to build so many companies simultaneously. That's where I messed up, right?

But we already put a lot of time and effort into it. So I got to see it through. And it just means I got to work like extra, right?

I like what I noticed is like, every month, like, you know, I'll see that, like, I'll focus on one company more, and that company will grow the most or make the most progress, right? And so when you're working on five different companies, it's hard to kind of see, like steady progress across all of them. And so like, I think, you know, if you're bootstrapped, you know, you know, you have relatively leans, like team, like, try to like focus on like one or two core projects and see those all the way through just because they're going to get more attention, they're just going to grow more naturally.

And then just just try to delegate and remove yourself out of like a lot of like these day to day operations and like focus on like more like higher level activities, I think is huge. And then just like, you know, making sure that you're auditing your time properly. And I think, I think Andre is the one who told me this to kind of like, look at like every 30 minutes, what are you working out on?

And like the things you don't like, like try to delegate them out the things that kind of give you energy, try to do more of that. And so that's something I've like tried to do. And like, I've been focusing on like the last like 30 days.

And it's been pretty good, because now I get to like really work on the stuff that I like to do. It's more fun. And so I kind of get more excited to come into the office every morning, and kind of get after it because I'm focusing strictly on the things that I like, rather than like little tiny things that I'm just like, I fucking hate doing this, you know.

And so yeah, that's, that's, that's kind of what I've been kind of doing on the productivity side. And then yeah, just making sure that this is one thing we just implemented recently is like doing calls with your team, right, like every day. And so, you know, I don't know where I saw it, but people were kind of like advising against it.

But I just found that our entire team's culture, as well as like productivity, has just gone up by implementing like daily calls. And so we do a daily call with all our developers on it. And it's amazing.

Like I've seen more progress in the last like 45 to 60 days, and we've seen like all summer. And so it I would recommend kind of like implementing daily calls and, you know, just making sure your calendar is like really timed out and stuff. I think that's like the best way to manage everything.

You just got to be organized. So that's this really big thing. Yeah, for sure.

I mean, that's one of the best productivity hacks really like do things that are fun to you and put you in the zone. And when you're in the zone, you just have so much more output makes it makes sense. Where do you find like talented team members?

Like what was kind of your recruiting process? Like, let's say people are, let's say an entrepreneur is still like doing a lot of the day to day tasks, they kind of don't inspire them or like, you know, that are a little bit tedious. Where should they get like help from?

Where do we find VAs or like team members to help them out? Yeah. So this is where I suck at completely.

Like I'm in it. It's funny, right? Like everyone always talks about growing companies and like, you know, being a CEO, the founder, all that stuff.

Right. And it's like, the more I learn right now, it's it's like growing into being like, that's my biggest challenge right now, like growing into being like a leader, being a founder, like a true CEO. And so recruiting is like one of those core responsibilities of like a CEO.

And I suck at that. I got terrible. Like in the summer, I think we made like four bad hires that we all had to let go.

And so right now we're working with Kyle from HireUA. And you know, I've kind of let him just do his thing with the recruiting side of things. And he's found us some really good candidates.

And then like, I picked this up from I can't remember who someone on Twitter, but they were talking about like creating like an onboarding schedule for your new hires. And so like the first 30 days, every single day, what are they what do they need to learn? What they should what they should know, like, you know, just kind of planning it out.

And so we did that for a lot of our newer hires. And like, you know, I just saw obviously retention went up, and like them actually understanding like the productivity, like everything just kind of like, just like did well. And so yeah, like, if you're not good at hiring, you're not good at like knowing people, like try to find a recruiter, and you know, may cost them, but it's going to be worth it at the end of the day, because you're going to save time, and you're actually gonna save money.

And so yeah, now when it comes to hiring anybody, like I go to Kyle. All right, awesome. And I would say like, if you could go back in time to when you started your entrepreneurial journey, like, what kind of advice would you would you give to yourself?

Yeah, it's a tough one, probably send more emails, like, don't worry about what other people are saying, like, you're gonna get 10 those, and it's okay, as long as you're getting that one, yes, you're making progress. And so I feel like that stopped me a lot when I was younger, I'd like send out political campaigns, and see a whole bunch of people saying like, unsubscribe, remove me, you know, I don't need this, whatever. And then I just kind of be like, depressed and just turn the campaign off, because I'm like, like, I'm scared, I don't want to see these no's and these rejections.

But like, at the end of the day, like, I should have about 10 more domains, started blasting more and just seeing what sticks. And so yeah, probably send more emails. Yeah, yeah, that's a good one.

It's also with the nose, I don't like to look at them either. But it's really like, you know, business development, or, you know, traffic generation method, like, if you run a lot of Facebook ads, or LinkedIn ads, but there's a lot of people who don't like the ad, but they're just going to continue scrolling with cold email, you kind of get more of the direct feedback. But it's, it's a part of the game, like you said, scan more domains and more.

Yeah, 100%. And like, at the end of the day, like, I wish it would look with the agency, like, I wish I never like, I like whenever this is that sorry, I'm used to go try like, you get your first three clients, you stop prospecting, right. And then you try to like, learn how to do the photo for the clients.

And then like, you know, maybe you suck, right? Client leaves, now your revenues down, and you're like, Oh, shit, let me go figure out a prospect again, and you try to do it again, and just kind of go in waves. And like, I think that's, that's one thing that no agency should do, like, you should always be prospecting, always trying to find new clients, sign new clients, like, you know, you don't want to be in a position one day where you're like, Oh, like, I don't have any clients at all, like, now I have to go figure it out.

And you're back at zero, right. And so yeah, I think that's, that's one of the things that like any agency ownership. Now.

All right, great. Awesome. Good advice, man.

And last question. So, right, we know that the cold email space is like continuously changing its dynamic, like strategies that worked six months ago, and how I can stop working after a certain point, like if too many people doing it, or whatever, it may be the algos change. What do you think like looking into the future?

Where do you think cold email is going? Like, where is it going to be six months from today, or like 12 months from today, where is cold outreach and cold email going? Yeah, I think I think overall cold outreach is always going to be there, right?

Like, and I think, like, it's never gonna go away. And I actually think it's gonna get easier over time, because like, like, I think, I can remember where I saw this, but Google and like, Microsoft, they're trying to make the spam folder. I forgot what they said exactly.

But like, it's going to be easier to land in the primary inbox, because like a lot of these political campaigns, you know, they don't know anything about the DNS, they don't know anything about how to land in the inbox, right? They're not using instantly, right? They don't have warm up set up any of that, right?

And so they're having a hard time landing in inboxes. And so I think they, you know, you know, obviously, they have a lot of funding behind them, they're making a lot of, you know, huge commotions and stuff. And so I think, like, I don't know who, what article I read, but they said that it's going to be easier to land in the primary folder.

And so like, that's just gonna make our lives a lot easier, right? And so yeah, I think like cold outreach is staying, I think it's gonna get easier over time, I think like tools like you're building, you know, tools like we're building, they're just going to continue innovating, right? So like, it's just gonna make the entire process easier for anyone that wants to do outbound sales.

And so yeah, I think it's gonna be here forever. All right, nice. I like the good news.

And yeah, I agree. If you get a cold outreach, you got a cold email, you're basically never gonna go hungry. But yeah, man, Nick, you dropped a lot of value on the podcast.

Great to have, it was great having you on really information dance, dance with strategies, advice, and great to have great to have you on. Yeah, man, thanks for having me on. I'm super happy, super excited to see where this is gonna go.

Yeah. And for the viewers, where can people find you? What should they check out?

And I'll also leave the links in the show notes in the description. So they can go follow you on Twitter, follow Leadbird, all of the other SaaS companies, Inboxy, Scrabby, EME, you can check it out. And yeah, but where can they find you if they want to learn more?

Yeah, just type in on Twitter, NickAbraham12. I don't have a fancy username or anything. But yeah, I'm tweeting pretty often.

So that's probably where you're gonna find me. All right, great. All right, awesome.

It was great having you on. And I'll talk to you soon, Nick. All right, thank you.

Thanks.