Lead generation is the most important thing that a business needs in order to grow, but despite that fact, it's the thing that most businesses struggle with. In fact, almost 70% of businesses struggle with consistent lead flow. That's why in this video, I'm going to go through a step-by-step guide on how you can generate thousands of leads for your business in literally minutes.

And look, there's a lot of ways that you can generate leads, generate lead lists, and our agency has probably spent thousands, if not tens of thousands of dollars trying to come up with the most efficient, most accurate, and most scalable way to do this. And once you're able to understand what I'm about to go through, you'll have thousands of leads that you can reach out to on a consistent basis, which is going to grow your revenue and grow your business. So the first thing that we want to do is we want to get instantly leads.

So this is the software that allows us to pull leads at scale and reach out to them pretty quickly. So there's two options. We can do a thousand verified leads a month, or we can do 10,000 verified leads.

It just kind of depends on your deal flow and what your anticipated lead lists are. There's two options. You can do monthly or you can do yearly.

And honestly, this pricing and the software is highly competitive relative to other tools. And it allows you to reach out to people directly from it. And I'm going to show you in a second.

Second thing that we want to do is we want to pull up lead finder on instantly. And the cool thing is we can search by job title. So CEO, CFO, CO, depending on the point of contact that you're going to be going after, you can do location.

So if you're searching for a specific area, maybe you're serving local businesses, you can do that. Or if you're wanting a whole country, even you can literally search within the location of a country. So for example, let's just say United States.

Next up, we can also search by industries and you'll be able to find everybody that is within that category of business. And underneath each one, there's a lot of subcategories, which will also help narrow down your list and make sure that you're targeting the right people. You can also target by employees.

So if you're working with more small businesses, zero to 25. And then if you're working with larger businesses, you can kind of scale that up as needed. And then revenue as well, just depending on the revenue size of the clients that you're going for.

And then keywords, let's just say you're looking for a dentist, you can type in a dentist and all the dentists will pop up. And then another cool thing is like technology. So if you're working with, let's just say e-commerce company, you can type in Shopify, and then you can see what tools that prospects are using.

And you can filter by different softwares that your customers are using. And once you select the software, it's going to pull up the list of leads of people who are using the software that you selected. And then there's even more filters from departments to management levels, to the name of the person, to actual company names.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through two different lead lists, just to give you an example of what this could look like. So let's say that we are going for a real estate agent in Los Angeles, California. If we literally just type in real estate agent, that will automatically pull up.

So it's not just using this data. We can also say realtor, and then select that as well. Location, if we wanted Los Angeles, California, all we need to do is select Los Angeles, California to narrow it down.

Now, basically we have a list of 1,961 people that are of the job title real estate agents in Los Angeles, California. And the second lead list that I want to show you that you can create with Lead Finder is an e-commerce lead. So in this case, we want to find the CEOs and then we want the location, let's call it United States.

And then we want the industry to be, let's just go through manufacturing, software, travel, wholesale distribution, and retail. Now we have a list of 338,000 contacts. So what we want to do is we want to find the people that are closer to our target audience.

So let's just say we want the revenue to be zero to 1 million or up to $10 million. And then what we want to do is we want to go to technologies and we're going to type in Shopify and we're going to select Shopify as a technology use. And then we're also going to do WooCommerce because we know that a lot of e-commerce companies use WooCommerce.

So that's something that we want to make sure that the company is in fact using. So now we have over 10,000 people that we can reach out to and export 10,000 people in order to start reaching out to them. And this is giving us a lot of information, the name, title, company, email, phone number, location, employees, industry, keywords, and much, much more.

So there's a lot of different ways that you can use this. What I would make sure is that you are narrowing it down, you're playing with it, you're testing it out a little bit and making sure that it's really specific for your specific niche. Now this has been completed.

There's really two things that we can do with this list. First thing is we verify it. This means that we're basically putting it through a verification tool to make sure that the emails are in fact legit.

We're still working on it with instantly to create an internal verification tool. But if you want to make sure that the emails that you're sending to are in fact verified and legit and do line up, then you want to put it through a third party verification process. So how we do that is we can select the page.

Let's just select the page for this. You could also select all of them. Then what we want to do is we want to download it as a CSV.

Then what we want to do is we want to pull up a tool like million verifier. Then all we need to do is click select a file and then upload the list into million verifier. And then we can just click the start for the verification process.

And what that's going to do, it's going to scrape the data and make sure that the emails are in fact verified. Once that's been complete, you will get a report just like this one, which will show you how many leads are in fact good, how many are bad. Once the leads are done, then you'll get a block that looks like this, where it can show you all the emails that are good.

You can click download reports and you can click download good emails only. The second thing that you can do is you can just select them and add them to a campaign within your instantly account, assuming that you're using instantly for cold outreach. So if you are wanting to upload the leads directly to your campaign, all you need to do is go to your campaigns within instantly, add new, create a new campaign, hit continue.

And then you can literally import the leads from your lead finder based off of the saved list that you had. And then what you'll do is you'll click add to campaign, check for duplicates, cross campaigns, and then click add to campaign. And we'll automatically add them to the campaign that you just built out.

So now you click on leads and you can see all the leads are in here ready to rock. If you go through the verification process, all you need to do is click import and you can just upload the CSV file after it has in fact been verified. Now, what I love about this process is it's literally all in one.

It's all encompassing. It doesn't take me 20 different steps in order to do this. And all I'm doing is transferring the contacts from one place to another inside of the same website.

This is a super scalable process and something that will allow you to reach out to thousands of people every single day. And it is a total no brainer. So this is where the fun begins.

All you really need to do within instantly is click on sequences and start to build out your cold email sequence that you're going to start sending to the list of leads that you just created. So now all you have to do is go to instantly.ai and set this up so that you can start getting results for your business in literally as little as 14 days. And also, since you'll be sending your emails through instantly, one of the most important things is to make sure that your scripts are top notch.

And if you're unsure or uncertain on frameworks on how to make sure that your cold email scripts are top notch, be sure to click this video right here, which explains step-by-step on how you can do that. Thanks so much for watching the video. If you liked it, please be sure to give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe on your way out.