We just released our newest feature that will effectively allow you to manage your whole sales pipeline inside of instantly using our new CRM feature. So in this video, I'm going to go over exactly how to use instantly's new CRM feature so that you can get more leads, get more appointments, get more sales, ultimately grow your business and make sure that no lead gets left behind. All right.

So for traditional instantly users, where we would be able to manage our leads is through the inbox, right? We could see our leads by statuses. We could see the leads by campaigns.

We could see them by inbox that we're using. But what happens is sometimes the leads get left behind. It can be hard to organize.

We're not sure where to find that lead and we end up ultimately losing business. But now with instantly CRM, we'll be able to track every single stage based off of logic, based off of cool new features I'm about to go over so that we can ensure that every lead that we're receiving through instantly is not going to fall through the cracks. And that's going to allow us to increase the likelihood of us actually getting a piece of business.

What we want to do first is we're going to go on the left hand side and we're going to go to the CRM. You're going to see a few different columns here on the left hand side. So first things first is we have the inbox and up top, we will have everything, emails, calls, SMS and tasks.

So if I go to everything, this will show all those basically combined. If I go to emails, it'll show all the emails from the inboxes that we have, in fact, connected. And what's cool about this is if I click on contact inside of the emails on the right hand side, I'll be able to see a company description.

I can see their competitors. I can see their pain points. I can see their customer profiles.

And then I will also be able to get a log of all of the emails that we have sent back and forth with this contact, which makes it easier and easier for us to contact them, have a history, know exactly what the history of this contact is. And then we have calls, of course, where you can see all the calls that have been made and received and then SMSs as well. Going down the line, if I click on opportunities, I'll be able to see all of the prospects that have been tagged something specific.

So this shows all the opportunities inside of our instantly campaigns and I can see them by campaign. So if I go to my plumber campaign, if I go to my San Diego campaign, I can see the meetings book, meeting complete, one interested, need to move them around. I can just simply use this tool, which makes it easy for you or a team member to effectively manage what's actually going on in your business.

Let's say we had a meeting with Greg over here at this company, clicked on this bad boy. I could shoot them a quick email directly from the CRM, literally in one click, which is extremely easy to follow up with. And then finally, you can do the call.

And then if they have a LinkedIn associated with their contact, you can even connect with them on LinkedIn. Alternatively, you'll see the actions tab where I could add them to a subsequence. If I wanted to add them to a separate campaign, I could add the contact to another campaign.

Maybe it's a follow up campaign that I've set up. Maybe it's a specific campaign for people who have booked a meeting like a nurture campaign. I could connect my Google calendar and add a meeting directly through here.

So if they do agree to a meeting, I can literally just set up a meeting directly through instantly, which, again, makes our life so much easier. So continue to move down the list. I can also see the leads.

I can see the leads by the list and I can see the leads by the campaigns. So if I click open with Shannon, again, the whole history is going to show up. I can make a note and I can say this person is ready to be followed up with.

And I can do done. I can make a note or I could have like a team member make a note to like also sent a message on LinkedIn. Done.

Or maybe they called them and I'd said had a great convo. They're in fact interested. Perfect.

And inside of here, what I'll be able to do is I can change this to interested. Save. And then the history has been updated from this.

One of the first things that we want to do is we want to set up our phone number, set up our calendar and check out some of the preferences. So let's go to the preference tab first. So if I go to call an SMS, basically what we'll be able to do is we'll be able to buy phone numbers.

$1.15 per month. And if we purchase this number, then we'll be able to begin using them. Then they'll go into my numbers tabs and we'll be able to buy phone credits, which basically means you get charged per text message.

You get charged per call. It is not a significant amount of money. So $25 could get you a long way.

One thing to note when you are doing the calls and SMSs, you need to make sure that you're registering for the A2P and that will take some time to get approved. But it is paramount that you actually register for the A2P. Another cool integration will be the Google Calendar.

You can literally just click connect and you'll be able to connect your Google Calendar. So you can set meetings directly from the CRM, which is killer. If you ever wanted to add any custom lead labels, you can do that as well.

And then also you can add new members. So let's just say we have a VA or we have an appointment setter inside of our Instantly. I can quickly add them as a view slash VA access or an editor if they're managing Instantly and they want to be able to add more team members inside of Instantly, which is going to make setting appointments that much easier.

So let's just say I sent an email inside of my campaign and this person is just all over my emails. They haven't responded. They haven't booked a call, but they've just been opening this email a lot and they've been clicking in it a lot.

What is going to be really helpful for me in order to increase the likelihood of me actually getting in front of this person and booking a meeting with them is starting to create lists, starting to create sequences, starting to create sales flows based off of specific things that happen inside of the email. So for example, if I go to sales flows, I click plus, I can say hot lead. Okay.

And I can do campaign leads, cool and all campaigns. So I could do, let's just say they opened an email more than three times in the last 14 days. And they click the link more than two times in the last 14 days.

And I can create this. So now what's going to happen, if anybody meets that criteria, they're going to be popped into hot lead category. So what the view is going to look like is like this.

And I can see all the leads that have met the specific criteria. And then what that's going to tell me to do is I'm going to hit these people up. I'm either going to add them to a subsequence.

I'm going to add them to another campaign. I'm going to shoot them a text message and say, hey, you've been clicking in my campaign. I'm going to send them an email.

And the second to last tab is going to be the reports. We can see it by user. So I could do all users.

I could see how much revenue that they've generated, how many opportunities have been created, how many meetings have been booked, what the conversion rate is, how many calls each person has made, which is massively important, how many sent emails. All that sort of stuff is going to be in the reporting, which is going to make you as a business owner, you as a sales manager, you as an agency owner. It's going to be so much more relevant to have important data like this.

That's going to allow you to make informed decisions on your campaign, as well as track a team. If you have a team that is working underneath of you. And that's exactly how to use Instantly's new CRM feature.

If you want access to the tool to send thousands of emails and manage them all in one place, click the link in the description down below to get access to Instantly and all of the features that come about this to allow you to effectively set more appointments and grow your business. And also, guys, if you want to learn the new way of cold emailing in 2024, click this link right here. Thanks so much for watching.

We will see you on the next one.