In this video, we'll be diving into an actual cold email conversation that led to a $6,500 B2B client. If you're interested in learning how to book more meetings and close more deals with cold email for your agency, then you're in the right place. So we'll be taking a look at how a meeting booking conversation unfolded, how we overcame objections, how we talked to them and how we got them on a call, and that prospect ultimately became a client.

So sit back, relax, and let's get started. And if you enjoy this video, please don't forget to hit the like button and subscribe to our channel for more content like this. $6,500 B2B client.

Just to start it off for some context. In the beginning, you'll see that they were kind of on the fence. They were not 100% interested.

They were not ready right away to jump on the call. So we had to put some thought into the responses. Then throughout the conversation, you also see that we'll take a look at the website, call out the target audience, really craft this personalized message, so they know that you know what you're talking about, that you're taking some time, that you're professional.

And obviously, then also we bring up our own case studies. We mentioned their case studies. We bring up our own case studies.

And when they ask for more detail, we're not going to explain our process in detail. We're still going to leave some gaps because we still want there to be an incentive for them to get on a call. Over written communication, you can only sell so much.

Like the real selling happens on the call, but you can still explain your process with the details. And I'll also tell you what could have been improved. But let's move on here, and I'll just walk you through the conversation.

I put this into the Google Docs just so we can walk through it, and I can blur out some of the sensitive information. But yeah, here we start with step two. So that's the follow-up that pulled in the positive reply.

So we used instantly. We sent step one. They didn't respond to our first cold email, and that was the follow-up two days later.

So two days later, we said, hey, and that was their name. Just following up here as one of our other marketing agency clients is about to close 52K in client contracts as a result of our leads these past few weeks. We'd love to do similar for you.

So that was the entire follow-up, and this is exactly what got them to respond. As you can see, a good way to do the follow-up is not just saying, hey, bumping this up. Hey, hoping this didn't get buried.

This is kind of a weak follow-up. But if you put in a strong promise, a strong proof in there, they're much more likely to respond. So there, if you can say something about other clients you're currently getting results for, we were getting results for this marketing agency that were about to close 52K in client contracts.

We're bringing that up in our cold email follow-ups as well. And then just very simple call to action. Hey, we'd love to do similar for you, but kind of casual and just throwing that out there.

So this is what got the positive reply. They said, hey, Nils, I'm meant to follow up on your first email. I'm introing you to the CEO here who typically handles these types of engagement.

Okay, so now we have our foot in the door. Now the process, the sales process kind of starts. So they're making the intro.

They're saying this. So putting them into a CC. And then we're not waiting for this person that was CC'd, the CEO, to say something.

We're jumping right in and we're putting in the effort. So you say, hey, you know, thanks. That's us.

That's now back. That was me. Thanks for making the intro.

And what I did there, instead of just saying, hey, let's jump on a call right away, I put in some effort here. So I was taking another look at their website. And I saw they had like some impressive case studies.

They worked with some prestigious firms, some really cool startups. And then I mentioned, so these three blurred out things there is where I mentioned some cool companies that they worked with and say, hey, you guys have a super impressive client roster, which was true. Which is also like a good way to bring it up.

Again, you give them a compliment. You know that they know now that you're paying attention to the details. And then, you know, transitioning into, hey, let's get you a couple more of these.

And then, you know, again, I go into, you know, I want to get them on a call. I said, hey, would you be open to get on a quick call to see if we could help you get more B2B SaaS companies interested in your services? So actually, I blurred this out, but I can say here this was like an SEO service.

I brought this up again. Again, like very personalized. I took some time to craft a response.

I know this could be a potential client. We put in all this work to get the leads, to set up the outreach campaigns now. But that's only half of the work.

The other half of the work is really, you know, working on the positive replies to really get them on a call to push them through that sales process. Then I said, if you have to feel free to schedule something into the calendar, no pressure, no obligation, just seeing if it could help. I'm putting that here.

So here I did a little bit of a mistake. In a way, I was a bit lazy there. I just gave them the calendar link, something that I could have done better.

In this process, just say, hey, here are two free times that will work for me, like bringing that out manually. So saying, hey, tomorrow at 1 p.m. Eastern or 4 p.m.

Eastern, or how about Friday at 11 a.m.? Or if none of these are both times work, here's my Calendly. Just pick a time that suits you best by doing it like that.

But notice if you just send people the Calendly link, sometimes, you know, you kind of lose touch or like you lose them. And they say, oh, yeah, you know, whatever. I don't want to book something into the Calendly.

But if they see that you're taking the time to suggest some manual times, it's more interactive and can be stickier in a way. More likely for them to reply and tell the time. Okay, great.

Yeah. And then, you know, at that time, we switched over. I handed this over to our commission-only closer, Alex.

Alex jumps in, continues to convo from here, and then says, and then the prospect replies, hey, Alex, thanks for the kind words. In full transparency, we're happy with our lead gen efforts at the moment. I'm not sure this is something I want to invest more in at the moment, but perhaps in the future.

For some additional context here, this is when we were running our lead gen agency before instantly. We had 25 clients. And so this was when we were doing, you know, lead gen for our only lead gen agency.

We were getting clients for our lead gen agency. Just so you know what's going on here. So we're reaching out to this SEO agency and pitching them the lead gen.

Okay, so moving on. That's what the prospect said, right? Just say, hey, you know, we're already happy with our lead gen efforts.

Kind of on the fence, you can see, right? Maybe some people would give up and say, okay, like, they would just say, okay, you know, if you know, maybe if that changes in the future, let's circle back in two months. But, you know, don't push it into the future.

You have to try to get them on a call now. But they're, right? Again, they're on the fence.

Then they say, that said, would you be able to break everything down in a quick email back to me? What do you do? How do you do it?

How much does it cost? So, right, we can still see this is an opportunity. They're in the market for it.

Maybe you already have a solution, but, you know, we're on to something here. Okay, then moving on. Then our reply is, hey, so we help agencies scale by bringing them more sales opportunities.

We've called email. A couple of examples. Right?

Always brag about your results. Don't be shy about that, especially if you've got some cool results. Even if the results are not super impressive and it's just, like, regular results, still, like, bring them up.

It shows that this is not your first time doing it, that you actually have been around in this game for a while, that they're not going to work with an amateur, but they're going to work with a professional that was able to generate results for other people already. Right? It makes it a much safer bet for them to sign up for your service.

And, again, like, don't be shy about bringing up these case studies. We bring up a couple case studies here, you know, put them in a little bit different format. How we say, hey, they closed 24K, here we say she closed four clients.

That client is getting 50, 60K a month. Right? So we're saying that.

And then we're taking the time here to craft a response. We're putting effort into this. As you can see, you know, we explain how the process works, how the thesis works.

We define your ideal target market. Pricing is custom tailored. Setup fee.

Obviously, right, if you're not a lead gen agency, you're saying something different here. If you're a branding agency, SEO agency, if you're a sales agency, whatever type of B2B business, here you're crafting it for your particular business. As you can see, it's case studies first.

Then we have one, two, three, four, five, like five, six sentences with the call to action. And then we could say, hey, we'd love to just chat and give you a quick rundown of the process if you have 15 to 20 minutes. It's kind of a good call to action that you can say.

It sounds less intimidating than saying, hey, let's get on a one-hour call strategy session. Which is, hey, a quick rundown of the process if you have 15, 20 minutes. You can book them in for 15, 20 minutes.

Probably like the call is going to be a bit longer. But again, you already have your foot in the door and you can kind of work on that sales process. But then this is also a little nice touch.

You don't have to say this, but it's a little bit less assumptive, a little bit less salesy, non-threatening in a way. I promise I won't waste your time. Obviously, depending on the situation, you can say this or not.

But this puts a nice touch on it as well. And then here, giving the calendar out. So we gave the call to action to get on a call, but they're still not ready, which is fine.

We know we're onto something here, so let's make sure we don't lose this opportunity. They respond, hey, thank you for breaking everything down for me. I appreciate that.

They ask more questions. We know now, these are buyer questions. If they ask about setup fee, if they ask about the pricing, this is a good sign.

So one more reason to even continue here and go ahead. Then also, when you get somebody that's on the fence, they're interested in your service, make sure you also reply as quickly as possible to them with a good answer. Then we provide them some more details.

This is for whatever our offer was with the lead gen agency. But obviously here, you can think again, how can you precisely and succinctly answer these questions? If they have pricing, don't go into long paragraphs explaining pricing.

Just go, just explain in one or two sentences what it is about, how much it costs in a very simple way. So here we explain them how it works. And then also, again, we answer the question.

And then again, we ask to get on a call with them. So we say, hey, like a quick 20-minute chat so I can cover the details and fill in some of the gaps. And this is like a good call to action.

We provide them information over email, but we still want there to be an incentive for them to get on a call with us. We say, hey, fill in some of the gaps. Very non-threatening.

Like, hey, even if somebody, a CEO is super busy, but they see here potential, like a quick 20 minutes, just so somebody can cover the details and fill in some of the gaps, sounds like a small ask. And it's easier for them to say yes to get on a call. Then also, this is pretty smooth here.

What Alex said, don't want to be too persistent here, but super confident we can help you scale. We persisted with asking for a call. And then we have this soft landing at the end.

Hey, look, just talking like a regular human, right? We don't want to be too pushy, too salesy, but we just want to get them on the call. We have the soft landing.

Don't want to be too persistent here, but super confident we can help you scale. It's a good last sentence. And then, as you can see, prospect replied.

They booked it in and say, hey, like they booked it in. And awesome, looking forward to talking next Tuesday. So you can see, right, if you have a sales opportunity, positive reply that comes in, sometimes it takes back and forth, right?

Don't give up right away. It rarely happens that they just say, oh, yeah, you know, I want to go on a call with you right away, and I want to sign up right away. This is rarely going to happen.

From time to time, there are these layups. But the majority of the time, you need to put in the effort and the brainpower to get them on that call. And then, obviously, after that, close.

So they sign up over the calendar here, sign up for Tuesday for the meeting. And then, you know, just very simple reply. Great.

Looking forward to chatting as well. Best. And, yeah, that's it.

So hopefully that helps. You can see kind of what the process looks like in practice, right? It's not just responding to them with a calendar link.

It's more goes into that. But here it gives you a little bit of the structure, the scaffolding, the context of what that looks like to get those clients for your agency. All right, that's it.

This should give you a good idea on how to handle positive replies coming from your outreach and how to get them on a call. As you can see, it does take effort and brainpower. But nobody said scaling a successful agency would be easy.

And if you want to learn more about how Instantly AI can help you scale your agency with cold email, check out the link in the description for a free trial. And thanks for watching this video. And don't forget to hit the like button and to subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.

And we'll see you soon. Thank you.