Really excited to show you today the Unibox V2 and I just wanted to highlight these new upgrades for all of our users so that you have a better understanding of how to utilize our Unibox feature. The first thing I wanted to show you is all emails from your sending account inboxes are going to show now in other folders. I'm going to jump over to the Unibox feature within the Instantly platform.

It used to only be the primary inbox and now there's an Others tab. You click on Others and this means all other leads that are sending you emails or any other conversations you're having outside of the campaigns that you have within Instantly's platform, you'll be able to monitor. Let's say you have some sort of response and interchange going on that's outside of a campaign but you want to attach it to a lead.

You click on the email, click the three dots and you hit Attach to Lead and the lead that you want to attach it to, you just type in that email address here and it will connect them to that lead. So let's just pick this person here for example and all I have to do is just hit OK. That email outside in the Others tab is now within the primary.

This will help you if you feel like something needs to be in the primary, you can instantly move it and attach it within the campaign. Some other things that are happening right now is we have a faster reply detection. So what that means is it's quicker tracking of the email responses and we have AI capability to help you instantly respond within a five minute period if you enable it.

Now something else we have is a auto refreshed Unibox page. What this means it's keeping the inbox updated automatically. Another thing that is a new feature for us is we allow the emails to remain saved in this version even if you delete the campaigns that the emails were attached to.

Previously when you deleted a campaign the emails would then be deleted as well within our platform. This is no longer the thing and the emails will stay within the Unibox so you'll be able to sort through them and have visibility there. Another aspect we're using AI to power the sentiment analysis.

Now we're using LLM slash GBT4 for better insights into this but this will help categorize people if they're interested or not interested. Being able to do bulk actions is a really big deal. Let's come over here.

You select one email and the top left right above it you can actually select all. You can make bulk actions based off of that. You can add them to block list, change their interest level.

Under the bulk actions that we've enabled for the Unibox you're allowed to sort through the ones that have been read or unread or none. But once you've selected all of them you can easily categorize them as you wish. If you want to turn on the auto replies to show the auto replies in your Unibox if you have the AI responding for you you have to enable that and also you need to actually enable to save non-instantly emails within your Unibox.

How you do that is you go into your settings go over to your preferences and down under the Unibox section you turn these two features on. That's all it takes. The last thing is you can actually take down notes within the Unibox and what I mean by that is just select the email.

In between the three dots and the moves selection there's an add notes and this is a great place where if you want to remind yourself about something you talked with them on the phone or you want to put a note for who referred this lead to you and that you reached out you can leave notes for later on. And now when I go back and I look at this email you can see the notes instantly tagged with it. Also the AI Inbox Manager is the one that will do the auto responses for you within the platform to help you stay on top of your Inbox management.

I would say that the biggest improvement for the Unibox the version 2 is that it will show the entire sending account inboxes. You have access to everything you no longer have to go back to your other Inboxes to check the spam folders or to see if people are responding to you outside of what was in the actual campaigns. So you're not going to miss any positive replies from leads and anyone who's responded to you from a different email address.

It's a much more congruent platform and you're able to monitor everything in one location. I hope you check it out. I hope you utilize it to help your daily Inbox maintenance and I look forward to seeing you in the next video.