Well known it feels like to send an email to another business. You spend ages crafting the best message. You check for spelling errors over and over again.

And after you finally press send, you get a response. But what if I decided to email 100,000 businesses? Will I get loads of replies?

Maybe I'll get some new clients that are willing to spend thousands of dollars with us? Or will all of the emails fall in spam and I just waste my time and resources sending 100,000 emails? Sending 100,000 emails to businesses is a lot.

And it would be virtually impossible if I were to do this one by one. If it took me like two minutes per email, that's like 3,300 hours, which is almost like half a year. In addition, actually finding the emails that we send to, getting a list of 100,000 people to send to, like might as well tack on another year for that.

But there is an easier way, which is what we're going to do when sending this massive undertaking of 100,000 emails. Let's start with getting lists of emails to reach out to. And since I'm going to be emailing business owners, I want to make sure that the people I'm going to be sending emails to are actually CEOs and business owners.

And I'm not just sending it to some random person that could just live next door or whatever. So good news is I did a Google search and I learned that there are over 333 million businesses in the world. When we look at it from that perspective, there's a big pond that we can tap into.

I'm not going to do this one by one, which would literally take a year. I'm going to leverage the greatest gift to mankind technology. There's literally tools out there with databases of emails and contact info and job titles that you, me, can simply get access to.

And in this case, leverage to send emails to. So if I want to send 100,000 emails, I need to target businesses that have at least 100,000 people that are easy to find. The first thing that came to my mind when I think about a high volume of business owners was real estate and real estate agents.

So let's check this out. If I go to instantly.ai, they have this thing called the Lead Finder, which has actually a database of almost 100 million people that we can reach out to. I'm going to go ahead and just simply go by job title, real estate agent as a job title.

I'm going to do realtor. And I have a list of 616,000 people I can reach out to. So now what we need to do is we need to figure out what we're actually going to say to these businesses that will hopefully provoke a response, pique their interest, and potentially even do business with us.

I picked a niche that I can speak directly to their pain points and one that I might be able to actually assist with. So let's just pretend that this list of real estate agents, I'm going to help them with generating leads. What I'm going to do is I'm going to pull up a campaign here inside of instantly so we can start in our copy.

Real estate, 100K, leads from the Lead Finder that we just got. I could transfer all of them or I could just select this page for now for the sake of speed. Let's go ahead and add them to this campaign.

Knowing what I know as it pertains to copy, what can I say? I mean, we're reaching out to 100,000 people, which is massive and a little bit of pressure, if I'm going to be honest, because that's 100,000 people, which is pretty much a sold out stadium in most cities. They probably get hundreds of emails every single day.

I need to make sure that when I'm sending an email, I'm going to stand out. I'm going to say something that's going to provoke a response. I'm going to hopefully pique their interest with something.

I'm going to speak their language and make it good. The best place to start is simply to start. I'm going to go ahead and kick this off with a first line.

Let's just go ahead and say, hey, I'm going to click on this little variable. How's the real estate market over there? Curious to know as it seems like your tree leader.

So I'm stroking their ego. I'm giving them a compliment. I'm making them feel good about themselves.

Business owners love compliments. Business owners love that you could stroke their ego. So I'm going to go right off the jump to 100,000 people I'm going to be sending this to.

I'm going to stroke 100,000 egos. That's a big win. Next line I'm going to say, anyway, reason for my reach out is we know how expensive it can be to generate leads through Zillow and other overpriced platforms.

We just developed our social real estate funnel system that predictably gets our clients, buyer and seller leads at a fraction of the cost of Zillow. Here I'm talking about a unique mechanism, which is our social real estate funnel system. And then I'm solving the problem that it predictably gets our clients, buyer and seller leads at a fraction of the cost of Zillow.

So unique selling proposition, which is going to pique their interest. What I want to do is I want to create some sense of urgency a little bit. We just had a spot open up in your zip code.

We only take one realtor per zip and thought it'd be worth you exploring. I'm creating a sense of urgency and I'm further developing their curiosity because if there's only one spot per zip code for an offer like this, there's some urgency there that will hopefully provoke a response from them. Then I'm just going to end with a call to action up for a convo this or next week?

Question mark. Cheers, Austin. Let's just assume we have some case studies.

We've helped some people in the past. We're just going to do a PSK study, which hopefully reiterates the fact that we can actually deliver on the promise of getting them to jump on a call. We have the email set up and we're ready to rock.

Let me just double check everything. It did not have a subject line, so that's probably important. So let's do a first name.

Subject line is just going to get them actually open an email because, again, we're competing with a lot of people. Everything looks pretty good. I'm going to go ahead and punch save.

I'm going to go ahead and add more leads from the lead finder. I'm just going to go ahead and add 100,000 leads. Now that I have the leads in here, I'm going to go back to my sequences.

I'm going to save this bad boy. I'm going to go to schedule. When am I going to send these?

9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.

Sure. Let's do Saturdays and Sundays too. Let's go ahead and save this.

Let's go to options. Let's select all of the emails that we're going to be sending it from. Daily limit.

Let's just do 2,500. And then let's go ahead and click on launch. All right.

So we just completed over 100,000 emails to businesses, which is just a ridiculous number. But let's look at some of the results and see how this actually panned out. So as you can see from the analytics, we send 100,600 total emails with a 75.3% open rate with a reply rate of 2.6%, which is pretty solid.

That's almost 3,000 people responding to our emails, which is a massive win. We had a lot of people saying, yep, please remove me. And then we had people who said, I'm interested and thank you for not calling.

Let me know how much you charge. Thank you. Perfect.

That's definitely someone that we could probably convert, given that we can actually deliver on our promise of what we said in the email. No, thank you. That's nice of them to say.

Thank you, but I'm not interested. A lot of these. That's totally fine too.

We had a lot of people say, yes, I want to learn more. Sure. Etc.

We got around 2,641 replies total. From that, we had around 450 positive replies. And I didn't book any calls, but with this positive reply rate, we should expect a 50% booking rate from people who are like, yeah, I want to set up a time to talk to you.

I want to set up some conversation with you. Then from the 50% of, let's call it 225, that would be a 20% closing rate, given that you can actually close and you're a salesperson. Let's just call it that.

So that would be 45 deals total from 100,000 cents. So let's just say your offer is $2,000. Like that's a significant amount of money that you can be making using cold email at a volume like this.

And I know this was a absolutely ridiculous amount of emails that I sent fairly quickly, but it is possible. It is doable, given your business can actually handle the capacity. Overall, I would say this experiment has been a success and it only proves even more the power of cold email in doing it right.

Obviously, this depends on your niche, but it just depends on your copy, depends on your offer and your ability to actually close the deals once you get them on a call. But to me, this is definitely a success, guys. So if you want the same software that I use to scrape the leads, to send the emails, to monitor all the responses, it's instantly.ai.

You can get access to this via the link in the description. And guys, if you want to know the best lead generation strategy for 2023 and 2024, go ahead and click on this video right here where I'm going to reveal everything to you so that you can get clients and close more deals heading into 2024, guys. So if you like the video, please give it a thumbs up.

And if you haven't already, please be sure to subscribe to the channel for more videos like this.