This episode is with Cody Schneider. So we gave away three trends that we think you can build a bunch of internet businesses on top of it. One is AI landing page builder.

I'm becoming obsessed with this trend because this is something that we do internally and it's an absolute pain and all the tools that are out there just suck. One is the buy it for life trend that we got from Reddit. Dude, I'm obsessed.

I'm obsessed with this community, by the way. Like I am one of these people. And the third is viral formats on TikTok and how to build a business around that.

The opportunity here is that people are trying to find the formats or the TikTok templates that are going viral currently. These are three trends we think are super, super interesting. We tell you why we think it's interesting.

We give you the tactics on actually how to build businesses there. And you're going to learn a lot from this conversation. People gatekeep the sauce, but we don't gatekeep the sauce on the Startup Ideas podcast.

Enjoy the episode. All right. We got Cody Schneider on the podcast.

The man needs zero introduction. Today, what we're going to talk about is we're going to go through the few trends, the three or four trends that we're thinking about. And from those trends, we're going to come up with startup ideas on the fly.

Welcome to the pod, Cody. What's good? Dude, I don't know, man.

It's been so busy. I'm stoked to be here. This week has been chaos.

But I'm wired. We're caffeinated. We're ready to go.

We're ready to go. Okay. So the first trend we're going to talk about is the buy it for life trend.

This actually came to me from the subreddit. Dude, I'm obsessed. I'm obsessed with this community, by the way.

Like I am one of these people. So yeah, maybe talk about what it is, what the movement is. And let's go from there.

So from my understanding, it stems from like anti-consumerism. I look at it more of like, I just want to buy the best of whatever it is. So for example, we just bought a blender.

And I bought this like industrial blender. That is their suggestion, like their buy it for life suggestion, basically. Where it's like, oh, this thing is going to last multiple generations.

And so there's this pushback right now for like kind of buying cheap stuff that's going to break, right? And whether it's clothes, whether it's, you know, like home good products, etc. And so this subreddit, basically, people go in and they ask and they're like, hey, I want, you know, X thing or I'm about to purchase X thing.

What should I get? Like what's the best quality that I can get, you know, for whatever the category is in? And then people come in and they basically will tell their story.

So that's kind of the high level of what this what this looks like. Are you in this or do you do you kind of like are you a part of this G or did you just find it and find it interesting? I heard about it.

I just started perusing it. I saw, you know, one of the posts, I think it might have been this post went on the front page. I gave my dad this Batman wallet 10 years ago.

I was like four or five years old and I got it in preschool. He uses it to this day. So from this post, I think I started just perusing.

And then I just started going to Google Trends. I use an app called Glimpse. I'm not associated with them or anything.

I just think it's it gives you like a better view on Google Trends. So I saw that and I was like, OK, is this a big movement or is the small movement? And it seems like it's literally I mean, it's it's it's gaining a lot of steam.

Sixty nine thousand searches in the past month. And it just got me thinking that there's an opportunity. Yeah, there's an opportunity to build some businesses on top of this trend.

Hundred percent. The first one for me and like I wish this existed again, being in this kind of buyer persona. I want to be able to make a wish list of like all the products that I'm looking to purchase that are these buy it for life.

So to take a step back, how the community works is it's like every category. They have like a whole list of like for every category. Here's the best product that you can buy for each of those categories.

So say you're trying to get like a washing machine. Right. And you want it to last forever.

You can go in, you can find their list of washing machines that are the best washing machines. But the thing is, is what I want is I want basically alerts for when those washing machines come in like they're on sale, basically. So how I'm imagining this is like a platform that's like, you know, scraping all of the major retailers for these specific products.

And then I get a notification when like a price or, you know, sale happens, basically. Like I would pay for this tomorrow specifically for like, you know, there's these pair of boots. Right.

They're like Doc Martens. But it's the it's the company that used to manufacture Doc Martens. And then Doc Martens Martin got bought by PE and the quality went to like to shit.

And then this company started producing their own boots. They're like out of the UK. Super expensive.

They go on sale sometimes. And so I'm just imagining like it's basically a listening tool for that for these buy for like products, because a lot of these products typically they have like a higher. I mean, it's just they're more expensive.

Right. Because the quality is so good. And so I imagine you could build something like this and this this entire community would probably be all over it.

Right. And it's just, again, this listening software. There's probably an affiliate to play as well.

So it's like, you know, for example, it goes on sale, you know, on Walmart or Nordstrom's or whatever. And you get an affiliate commission for all that traffic that you're driving. But I feel like this could be a combo.

Like maybe it's a newsletter is what it starts out as. And then from there it evolves into like a whole platform. But I'm curious your thoughts like business wise, what would make what you think is an opportunity?

Yeah. So. OK, first of all, you know, if you're looking at my screen, it's you know, it's it shows clothing, bags, kitchen tools.

It basically creates a directory of of of of these threads where people are recommending products. This is like surfing Craigslist. How this is ridiculous.

Like when I see this, you know, my my eyes light up because there's an opportunity to build the directory just way more with filters, way more beautiful. No one wants to cycle through this. This is not going to hit the mainstream.

Right. So I think that there's an opportunity to build. First, you build the directory.

And we've talked on the show about how to build the directory. You can use tools. We had John Rush come on and you can use a tool.

He has a tool called Quick Break in the Pod to tell you a little bit about Startup Empire. So Startup Empire is my private membership where it's a bunch of people like me, like you, who want to build out their startup ideas. Now they're looking for content to help accelerate that.

They're looking for potential co-founders. They're looking for tutorials from people like me to come in and tell them, how do you do email marketing? How do you build an audience?

How do you go viral on Twitter? All these different things. That's exactly what Startup Empire is.

And it's for people who want to start a startup but are looking for ideas or it's for people who have a startup but just they're not seeing the traction that they need. So you can check out the link to startupempire.co in the description. Anyway, if you go search John Rush, you'll find it.

You'll find it. And or recently we had someone else come on the pod that was like just make it using WordPress and figure out the keywords with Ahrefs. Anyways, the point being that you can build a directory like pretty simply nowadays or honestly use cursor or lovable or a bolt.

So you create the, I mean, you figure out what domain, like what domain do you think would make sense for a directory like this? I would try to get it like as exact match as possible. So like something that has like buy it for life in it.

I mean, that would be, you know, what I would go after personally because I would try to, I would want to try to rank this for the exact match keyword. Right. Let's see if buy it for life is available.

By the way, you know what I was thinking about recently? I just, I just went to godaddy.com. You know, you're over 30 when you go, you still go to godaddy.com.

I love it. Right. Do you know instant domain search?

No. Check it out. It basically like will live streams like in the application, the options.

So if you do like buy it for life, you'll see. Oh, sick. Yeah.

This is great. So maybe it's like you want to buy it for life.com. And what I would probably look at too is like, uh, like buy it for life products.

Some variation that that looks like it's taken. Um, you get, you know, find some variation of that. Buy it for life product.com.

Boom. Right there. Somebody's going to go snack.

For sure. And also you want to buy it for life.com available as well. So these exist.

Don't tell us that you can't get the.com. We don't want to hear it. 100%.

Um, so I would do that personally. And then I think the angle that I would go at this from on the, I mean, you could probably use the subreddit as the way to like drive initial traffic. If you did it really, uh, like basically provide a ton of value.

And then at the bottom of the post, like be like, Oh, I also made this curated list directory where you can filter by specific, you know, things. And then the retailers that sell this, et cetera. But I'm just looking at, uh, SEM rush on my side though.

Gee. And there's all these long tail keyword variations. So buy it for life vacuum, buy it for life couch, buy it for life shoes, wallet, cookware, jeans, socks, belt, list goes on.

There's about a thousand of these, uh, that, that you could go after. So it'd be build this directory. And then you make these landing pages where it's the, for each of those long tail keywords, build some backlinks too.

I mean, that it's easily the, the, the way to kind of get the initial, the initial traction for this. And then from there, I think you could sell where it's like you have a, you know, again, a sale listener soup. They exist.

They're easy to build. And, or you just have an affiliate like play on these, on this directory where it's like, Oh, you drive this, them off to again, Nordstrom or wherever. And you get an affiliate commission for that traffic that you're driving.

And they'll pay you for that traffic, right? So that traffic that's coming off that page, uh, you can then take that. And you, uh, I mean, that's kind of the, the initial way to get traction.

The other side is then, you know, put media vine or one of these ad, uh, uh, display ads, uh, companies on that, that site and get traffic from that as well. Or get, uh, ad spend basically paid for that traffic that you're, you're, you're, um, uh, getting from people coming there. So.

By the way, with the Reddit thing, you bring up a good point, which is how do you get traffic from Reddit without getting your post banned or your account banned? Um, and something I usually do is I'll, I'll respond, I'll create a post and just add as much value as possible. And then at the end, just sign my name and like Greg and then, you know, Greg from buy it for now products.com and just link that.

So you're not even saying like, go here, check this out. It's just like people are, are generally curious. And especially if you're going to get that, uh, that domain and you're speaking to that community, like you, you will get free traffic.

A hundred percent. I, and I, there's such a, there's actually a newsletter play that I see a lot of people use for local newsletters. Uh, they go to a subreddit, uh, for that, that area.

So like Toronto as an example, and they're like, here's 20 things you can do this weekend and then Toronto. And then it's like, you want more like this. And then at the bottom of the post, they're like subbed to this email newsletter.

Um, such an easy tactic that is just like crushing it right now. And so then strategically what you do is you do the posts in the super early morning. So like 4 AM or whatever, um, for the, and typically the mods of that location or, or, uh, geography based.

So they're going to be in that location. And then you go and you can buy Reddit up votes and you can basically ride the wave into people who are waking up and scrolling Reddit. You hit page one and then you'll go, you know, you go to the top of the page.

So a random tactical thing that I know exists that, that, that friends have shown me works. So. Love it.

Okay. So that's idea number one, pretty simple, basically, uh, building on top of that community, uh, pick the domain name with the exact term, um, build a directory, mostly using AI, um, you know, layer on a, a beehive or a newsletter piece for sales, um, and then get traffic via SEO, Reddit, um, that sort of thing. Dude, go to buyforlife.com right now.

This is literally the exact business that we're talking about, which is hilarious. Like, I have not seen this, just throwing this out there. I just went to it.

Like if you Google Bible for life, you don't go to, I just went to the exact domain. So I saw it was owned by somebody and this, this is literally the exact business. So when you see this, when you see this, are you like, okay, I don't want, I don't want to create this business now.

Like what's your thought process now? Immediately. I'm like validation.

Cool. I can go and compete in this. Right.

Like people get so worried about competitors in internet businesses and like online businesses. And I think that it is such a terrible way to think about it. Like there's 20, you know, 50 window cleaning companies in your, your, wherever you live, there's like a ton of businesses that clean windows and all of them can exist and make money.

But for some reason we don't think about the internet in the same way. Like all of these businesses get, businesses can exist and make money, especially in a category like this where there's like 70,000 searches per month for buy it for life. You're telling me that, that you can't go and compete in that category.

Like you can a hundred percent do that. So. What do you, what do you use to check?

Uh, if, uh, if a website has traffic. I just use, uh, SEM rush and then a similar web. I can look them up on similar web right now.

Give me a second. So SEM rush, not a ton of traffic, but it's, it looks like it's real, like they're brand new. Uh, like in July of 2024, it looks like they started publishing.

And then let me go to similar web. We'll do the same thing. Yeah.

Similar web showing about 5,000, uh, uh, uh, in traffic a month. So again, probably super early or sorry, not even 5,000, about, about 2000 in traffic per month. Um, so it's interesting.

The guy who started this Darcy buy it for life. I'm on his X account. He tweets about investing in domains, right?

So this is a guy who's a domainer. Yeah. This is like the easiest business on the planet is something like this.

Like you find a subreddit. That's like starting to pop off. You validate with Google trends and Ahrefs.

You fought either build a domain or you buy the domain. And then you start with the directory. You add a newsletter and you, and then you, you know, eventually add some software business.

A hundred percent. I just bought a job description generator.com for $800. Okay.

And what are you going to do with it? So, uh, what we're seeing in SEO is that when there's branded searches for the website, you can create these niche sites basically around them. So little history, all the niche sites got clapped with all the Google updates.

Right. Um, but all the sites that were performing really well, they had some amount of branded searches going to them. And so our thesis was like, okay, well, like Google is factoring in, is this like, is branded searches coming to the website?

And then if that's a portion of the traffic, like a decent amount, then that means that like, this is kind of a real company. Right. So we're like, okay, let's go buy this exact match domain.

I just got it like two weeks ago. Um, so we're still in the process of doing this, but go buy that exact match domain. We go build backlinks that are job, just like exact match keyword backlinks, niche edits that are job description generator.

So we get that page to rank for that exact match keyword. But then the longterm plays, we go and we do job description templates for every job that exists. Right.

Um, and then you basically turn this into a niche site, but because the homepage of the website is like a tool, naturally what will happen is that when you hit page one for that target keyword, you're going to create this like link flywheel around. That website. Right.

So people search job description generator, land on the site. It does the job, you know, writes a job description for them. They then will then, you know, include that within their blog post or, you know, a journalist includes that within their blog post or it gets it naturally, uh, will build links for that website once you hit page one.

And so because of this, you're going to build this domain authority. You're getting branded searches to come to the website. Right.

And then I can go and build out, you know, 10,000 long tail landing pages that are blog posts, uh, for every template, every, uh, you know, every other keyword that's in this category. Right. Then you go and you turn this into, uh, you know, it's, it's probably some type of display ads, uh, play for us.

That's how we're thinking about it is as a way to drive traffic to our talent sourcing agency. So we get all of this. If you're searching job description generator, typically early signal that you're trying to hire, we can use that to drive traffic to people that are trying to hire.

So. And did that, that idea, did it come to you just naturally or were you like kind of searching around? Like how, how did, I'm just curious of how, how it came to you.

Yeah. I mean, this was based off of everything that we were seeing on the SEO side where it's like, I mean, I, I, I've owned niche sites for the last, you know, 10 years and tons of them got clapped. You know, I had this one that was doing like, I don't know, close to 30,000 in traffic a month.

And now is doing like, I think a hundred. Right. And, uh, I mean, and it's an old site, like it's like, it's been around for forever.

Right. Um, and so when we saw that, we were like, okay, well, why, why aren't these real brands being affected? And the kind of thing that we landed on is like, oh, it's because people are searching for this real brands.

And so Google is prioritizing companies that look like real companies, right? Like there's branded search that's coming to it. And so if that's the case, then, you know, we again started thinking about, uh, okay, how do you, how do you build, how do you build niche sites that can exist in this new, uh, you know, new paradigm.

And then from there kind of connected these two ideas of everybody's been using, building calculators, tools, generators as a way to create link magnet flywheels for, for their, their, their websites. Right. Um, so for example, like one we just built recently was remodel cost calculator.

We built that for a client. We embedded on the website. We build niche edits back to it.

That starts to rank. It naturally builds links. And so like the links that we build become even more effective, like more at getting the site to rank.

And so then connected those two dots together. Well, Hey, let's, you know, let's buy an exact match domain. Let's, uh, we know that branded searches are a factor in, in, in new sites ranking.

We'll build links to that exact match. The tool does a thing. The tool will naturally build backlinks.

And then this turns into a niche site and again, super, super early idea, but this is, this is something that I think is a huge opportunity for somebody that's trying to start their first online business is go find like all the long tail keywords related to generator, related to calculator, related to tool. Uh, if you can find an exact match domain, go buy it. Um, there, some can be expensive, like the more, the more competitive they are, they're going to, the more expensive they're going to be.

Um, and then go use these like AI tools, like bolt, like lovable, like, you know, whatever to spin, spin these up, uh, embedded on the homepage, like on a word, you know, on a, literally it's a WordPress website is like the job description generator.com. We just embedded the app, like on the homepage. And then we're just going to use the classic WordPress, like CMS functionality to do all the blog posts.

Like it's not complicated. Right. So anyway, that's kind of where the origin of all this came from.

Yeah. I mean, and, and to think that there's people listening to this podcast that go, want to go out and buy real estate, get like a million dollar loan from the bank. Right.

It's insane. To go buy. Yeah.

I know. It's literally insane to me. Like I tweeted this, I think yesterday it was, uh, I'll read it right now.

It's like, why would you buy a business anymore? You could start one in an hour by end of day, you can have 30 clips, uh, and you got a thousand views, uh, on each of those clips and your first signups. Why would you buy a business?

Yeah. And like, yeah. And also it's like, go, you know, and that's why I wanted to do a trend episode with you is it's not like we have to guess around the trends, right?

No, the data's there. It's public. The data's there.

It's public. Right. Um, Cody, I want to go through two more trends, uh, before we head out today.

Um, let me share my screen real quick. So the second trend, AI landing page, what were you thinking about here? Yeah.

So I'm, I'm becoming obsessed with this trend, uh, because I like, this is something that we do internally and it's an absolute pain and all the tools that are out there just suck. So, um, so landing pages, why you use them. So for example, we run paid ads for clients.

Um, we need to build specific landing pages so that the, uh, media that we're running aligns with the page that they're landing on. So somebody searches, you know, X keyword and then they land on a page where the H1 of that landing page is that X keyword. So a lot of the times clients, like they don't really have a CMS that they're using for their current website that like allows for us to go build a hundred different landing page variations.

Right. So you would go and you do something like instant pages, instant pages or lead pages. Um, there's this new one, uh, uh, that's absolutely crushing it right now.

I don't know if you've heard of it yet. It's called perspective. It's perspective.co.

Um, it basically allows you to build, it's basically a funnel builder, Greg. It's so sick. You should have, uh, Neil's on the show also.

He's a gangster. I just, they're, uh, they're out of Berlin, out of Germany, self-funded bootstrapped 10 million ARR in like three years. Absolutely stupid.

Um, literally using their software for all of their, their, their acquisition. So the difference is that it's built for mobile. So it's funnels, but built for mobile.

And it feels like an app. You can kind of see it here on the screen where it's like, you can have like, yes, no check boxes and they click it. And it like does confetti it.

Like it feels like an app when the, when the user opens it, but it's actually just a lead form that gets them down the funnel. Um, but the, the, I think the, the opportunity here on the, on the landing page side is I want to just be able to go in and be like, here's kind of this brands like aesthetic, go build me a landing page template. Like based off of this automatically.

I don't want to have to like drag any of these blocks around, do any of that. And I think it's possible right now. Like you're seeing this already with like how people are using V zero or using lovable.

Like you can do this, but there isn't an easy way to deploy it to a sub domain. So for example, we use like LP dot example.com. Right.

So we're living on that sub domain for our clients. So how I imagine this working is you have like a brand template for each of your clients, and then it goes and generates this landing page template, and then you can go in and modify these landing pages, uh, uh, using, you know, a point and click solution. Right.

So I think there's a huge opportunity here just to do that for, uh, uh, these, um, uh, this category and you can see it there, like tons of people are searching for this, but the. I I've been pitched so many of these, like I've talked about this idea for like the last, you know, three months I've been picked so many landing page builders and it's like a full website builder. Like I'm not trying to do that.

The angle here is digital marketing agencies that are running ads or just anybody that's running display ads or Google ads, this that's who you're selling this to. Right. It's not, you know, really what this is, is like imagine web flow, but you could chat with it like you do with cursor to create a landing page.

Like that is, that's what you're trying to, to, to, to accomplish with this. And then once you've figured out that template, okay, I can go and duplicate that a hundred times, change the H one a hundred times, et cetera. So.

I saw last week webflow launched a AI. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it.

I'm going to try it. Did you see this? No, I haven't.

Is it good? Have you tried it yet? No, I haven't tried it yet.

Someone needs to try it. I'm going to try it this weekend probably, but. Um, that's my question to you on this is like, it's so obvious that the website builders, the final builders are going to have this.

You're starting and also Shopify launched one, I think as well. I saw Toby tweeted it. Um, Toby, let me pull it up.

Toby, the founder of Shopify, both Toby and, uh, Harley tweeted it. So you know that it's like, they're going to push it. Yeah.

We're going to push it. Describe your business and AI will get you started with just the right design. We have a lot more coming on this front.

So he's teasing it incredible, incredibly excited about how much more accessible entrepreneurship will become due to the power of AI tools. So again, like we talked about competition, when you see things like this coming from Shopify, Webflow, um, you still think it's a good business idea? A hundred percent.

I mean, that's just Shopify, right? Like think about, I mean, I think lead pages does 50 million a year. If I remember correctly, like that means it's a huge category.

Like there's a huge category that you can go. This is the same thing. Like, I mean, there can be Mailchimp's and Klaviyo's and, uh, you know, uh, kits and, uh, beehives and all of, all of these email service providers, and they can still all be massive companies because it's such a huge category.

This is one of those categories, right? Like this is the fact that perspective can come in. And then, you know, years bootstrapped go from zero to 10 million ARR, like signals how big this, this audience is.

Right. Um, so again, if, and also if the big dogs are doing it, that is a strong signal that people want this. So, I mean, you just got all the validation.

You need, you have the search following value validation. You've got the incumbent validation and they're going to move super slow on it. I mean, you can probably like a crack team of two engineers go do this and then you just run Google ads to it for landing page builder.

Or you go sponsor YouTubers that run, uh, that do Google ads videos, right? Like how to do Google ads for real estate agents or whatever. Right.

And you go, you, you pay them to use your tool within their video when they're teaching people how to run Google ads. By the way, side note for people watching this on YouTube, the perspective AI website is the most gangster, beautiful website I've seen in a long time. Like they did it gorgeous perfectly.

It's gorgeous. It's absolutely gorgeous. And look how much video is on this, right?

Like it's 20, 25 people. They don't, people don't want to read. They want, they want these videos.

Um, you know, they're on Instagram stories, going through stories. They'll, they'll watch your videos and the affinity that you're going to get your conversion rates going to go through the roof and they do it in a really tasteful way. Um, are you kidding me?

The 15 minute express demo pop up. Beautiful. I'll, I'll intro, I'll intro you to Neil's.

You need it. You need to have them on. Just like, they're so, they're so locked in on this G.

Like it would be a great episode. Okay, cool. Will do.

All right. You have time for one last, uh, trend. Yeah, let's do it.

Okay. TikTok template trend, 98, 98,000 searches in the past month. Uh, what are you thinking about here?

Yeah. So to me, you had, you had Lauren on recently, right? And he was talking about, uh, basically how they're using TikTok to get mobile app downloads.

I think they went from zero to a hundred thousand downloads on the app store in like 15 days. If I remember the data, right? Insane.

Um, and the, the opportunity here is that people are trying to find the formats or the TikTok templates that are going viral currently. So I think there's an angle to go and, uh, build like an email newsletter. That's basically like, Hey, here's the formats that are going viral this week on TikTok.

And here's how you can go and use these for your brand right now. Right. Um, so I'd almost just look at like what Jason Levin is doing with meme Lord, uh, technologies, I think is the brand name.

And they have an email newsletter where like daily, they basically drop like, here are the viral meme templates that are going viral in the last 24 hours. One button click and you can jump into their editor and like make your own version of it. I think it could be the same idea where it's like, here's the viral TikTok formats, the templates that are going viral at the moment, and then basically drops them right into it so that they can go and build these.

Right. Um, that's how I'm kind of imagining it as the step one. Then, I mean, it can, it could evolve into where it's like a whole video editor that's specifically for it.

And maybe there's like a social scheduling application, but I think the first, and then my acquisition would be literally like, it would just be Twitter threads with like, here's the. here's the five formats that are going viral on tiktok this week right and it's like boom boom boom and then it's like it breaks down each of the formats and then at the bottom of it it's like join my email newsletter for to get these you know daily or whatever right uh i think that that tomorrow is a company that anybody could go start you know who crushes it on those threads yes dude 100 percent was short of my saw this guy yeah yeah short of mine yep no they do uh so he's yeah he's doing pretty much what you're saying right he's going and saying um you know this prayer meditation app is doing a million mrr five million downloads um and then usually he he didn't in this particular thread but he'll oh yeah here this is he did do it he'll show what what is the content mix and how they're doing it what is the format so that you can go and copy it totally and just imagine this exact same like template but the call to action is you know sub to my email newsletter so you can get this on a daily basis right then that email list you go and monetize it you know it's the classic just playbook and then from there you could build tech i mean you can take it as far as you want right where you go and you build technology on top of it etc but i mean you could make it a paid email newsletter where it's like the free version is only once a week and then the paid version is daily yeah exactly i think people sleep on paid newsletters 100 dude i yeah i stand behind this i think we talked about it on the on the show at some point uh in the past but basically redoing scott's cheap flights but doing it just as an email newsletter so you can set up alerts on google flights for specific airports to other airports and then anytime that the price drops for a future flight it'll email you so like literally all you'd have to do is put like an email listener on the email for like whatever location you're trying to fly from you know say it's seattle and then you go and like every time that a goo you basically do a roundup of all the google flights for that day and then each day you send the flights right i think you could charge for this super easily because those flights they'll only be cheap for like 72 hours and so basically like people you know they'll it's it's it's uh there's like a time sensitivity to it also going just like sucks now like and so i think because of that there's a disruption opportunity and you're like i don't think it'd be crazy it sucks the name is the brand name just like you don't feel anything right totally you felt you felt something with scott's cheap flights like you kind of resonated it and this is this is exactly how not to brand something in 2025 totally totally agree all right dude it's been a pleasure always a pleasure having you on thanks for hosting man like always i will include links to where to find cody and follow him uh his x account his youtube and more will be in the show notes um cody is there one thing you want to leave people with uh at all i i think uh the last thing i want to leave people with is just to be anti-boring businesses like don't go buy a wash you know like a coin laundry store like why would you do that right now i just feel so also it kills me too because these the the gurus that pitch this there's so many of them right like do boring businesses and it's like okay what's the first thing they do when they get success is they take the money that they made from their boring business and they go buying all they go buy online businesses that are cash flowing assets for them like immediately action after like if these boring businesses are so good why aren't you reinvesting the funds that you're making back into these boring businesses like if they're such a good so anyway with that in mind for everybody that's listening like it is easier than ever to build these online companies like you can literally just ask perplexity how do i do this and it's going to give you a step-by-step you know process for how you build a wordpress site out or whatever right and i yeah that's the kind of i just want to brainwash everybody to think about it that way like if you're if you're trying to get your first you'd start your first company yeah you don't want to be that person you know in 2052 in the year 2052 where your your grand your grandson jimmy comes up to you and said you know hey grandpapa you know uh what did you do in 2025 oh i decided to buy a laundromat in des moines iowa while the greatest gold rush of all time was happening where there were literally all the data and trends around this is what you can build and then software and assistance to help you go build them 100 100 100 i i again i i think i don't think people understand the moment that we're in right now like this is the greatest time ever to start online businesses i'm like not sleeping because of this right like we're just like how do we go faster how do i hire more people to move quicker so anyway yeah totally and we've been in the game for a while like i you know i've never felt like this personally 100 not at the rate that you can move now it's just it's the most again i i like in an hour you can have a company live and people on the website like i just i literally we just did this with ai infographic generator.com right like replit built the application in an hour we had it live in an hour and then i put a tweet out and we drove i think so far over like 20 000 people have gone to the website and we validated the idea because somebody bought it and like yeah i'd like you know i already know the comments they're gonna be like well you have an audience already so it's like it's like dude all i've done is like every sunday i just write 70 tweets like if this is this is it's it's not hard it's just it's like very simple how to do this right it's just like nobody wants to show up and do the work but it's easier than ever to show up and do the work for this so anyway also people forget a year and a half ago two years ago you didn't have an audience no i zeroed it like i i was a ghost on everything right and that was like you know it was intentional then we realized oh this is this massive leverage point like if we go and build this so it's like cool just go to each channel figure out the game like right now i'm figuring out linkedin right i have no idea how to do linkedin but like i'm almost there from cracking it like there's two formats that i'm seeing work you do a video that's about news and then your take on that news goes viral every time and the other side is like make some huge claim in a long format post and then have a uh uh an image that is a uh um vertical aspect ratio so when somebody's scrolling on their mobile device it takes the post takes over their whole screen with like some huge claim if you just go to my linkedin you'll see this exact format those are working like that's but this game is the same for every channel it's like figure out what works do more of what works and less of what doesn't you can do you can build these audiences dude it's like 24 months that's all it takes it's not it's just showing up right like you show up you're beating 95 of people and like to be the to be the best like to be in the top one percent all you have to do is just look at what works and do more of that it's all it takes the place and what works is public you can see what works it's crazy it's crazy it's been funny watching you like grow greg because i feel like all these shows have popped up now that it's the same format it's like totally here's these business you know here's startup ideas here's these business ideas that you can do and this is like this is the game right like you invented this new format or you remix this you know this this format and then suddenly it goes viral and then all these other people go and copy it and then it's just like you just do this do this in every platform where you you're trying to build audience so totally and it's it's a game of constant reinvention so you have to be okay to switch it up switch formats and uh and and that's kind of like vibe marketing in a lot of ways i guess right you're like reading vibes to see like is this is this format working is it not working and you're kind of iterating on the fly 100 like my the thing i there what i always tell people are like founders in particular when they're trying to grow companies is like you are agnostic to what works uh like your job is just to do a bunch of things see what's performing best and then just follow that data right like you you don't have an opinion on it the data is going to tell you the best outcomes your job is to not have an opinion it's to just let the data speak for itself and fall you know keep pulling that thread so but i think it's the hardest thing for people they like want to impose like i see this all the time where they're like oh this content format isn't working on this channel it's like of course it's not working on that channel but you're like that's like uh you know when the internet first started and they just like move print like on to to to a website like of course it's not working right and then what what what worked it was like this new format that was like blog content and now suddenly you know the new york times is actually making money again because they they transitioned over this that's a whole other conversation because they're actually a games company which i find fascinating like they're like a media company that sells subscriptions to games and like that's actually how they make their money that's a that's a whole other you know rabbit hole that we don't need to go down my other quick rabbit hole that i'll just seed people with is that yc is a youtube channel not a startup accelerator thousand percent they're a media company they're not a they're they're a media company totally um yeah but they but specifically their youtube channel i don't know if you've been paying attention like they've been putting so much effort into growing it and they're actually doing an amazing job they're crushing it and they're crushing it they're absolutely crushing it no i say this with like good on yc like it's cool that like if i were doing if i was the cmo of yc i would be doing exactly what yc is doing a16z is also killing it i think they're doing the game it's crazy to me too that like every vc doesn't have a podcast and an email newsletter like totally insane to me what are you doing dude it's nuts they're like they're like oh we we we naturally get the best founders and i'm like okay like like capital is basically a commodity at this point so the only differentiation is going to be like you being you know a cult leader personality and so i the fact that they're not investing in this is insane i mean this i we're uh working with ed for for the podcasting agency that i own like we're working with uh some investors on this on they're like we're working with this finance company right and in the last two years we made the founder like from nobody knows him in the industry to he's famous to the point where like big four banks are trying to sponsor the show right like that is what can happen but for some reason they're like oh no like we're core man like we're not gonna do this i'm like this is it's just ridiculous to me so all right man well i appreciate you and uh i'll see you next time thank you brother we'll talk you soon everyone peace