And I still think like this is possible now. This is like the Apple iOS store basically back in the day where there was nothing. There was nothing yet.

There weren't apps. You could literally make money by just making a flashlight app, a calculator app, a fart app, whatever. Like this is the golden age of AI and SEO combined with each other.

And this is probably not even going to work in two years in the world because all these niches are going to be found. They're going to be filled in by people just doing all these things. Because it feels like with SEO, like I don't know what your experience with it is.

The first to market, the first to build the backlinks, the first to get the domain names and stuff, they will mostly stay on the top of the market in that sense. Yeah, I agree with you. This is one of those things where it's a window of opportunity.

And I almost was shocked that you shared it because this is a pretty low risk, high impact idea that a really, really small team could do. There's a couple of things I look at when I'm like, should I go into this space? And one of them is...

That's true. I was telling Danny that, you know, this is 8 a.m. for me and like I don't take meetings this early just because I like to wake up, get into the deep creative flow.

But for Danny, you make exceptions. Nice. I don't take any meetings after 6 and this is 8 p.m.

for me. Normally I already be sleeping because we wake up at 5. I got a dog scratching my face at 5 p.m.

in the morning. But I obviously make an exceptional Greg in this podcast. I appreciate it.

So what do you got for us today? Yeah, what do you want to spitball about? What ideas do you...

I've been listening to a few episodes and I think everyone is just rambling on good ideas. So you probably know what your audience is most interested in. I put like a few things in it.

I want to start with the AI insert keyword generator. Nice. I think that's really interesting.

Cool. So you would just like to me to like just explain the idea how I would do it, how to start. Yep.

Cool. So I think... So a little background about me.

I'm really big in SEO and I'm big in programming in the sense at like combining those things and using AI. So I just love to log into Ahrefs.com, type in some random keywords and basically figure out where there's a lot of search intent and very low keyword difficulty. Basically, Ahrefs gives you like...

It gives a score between 0 and 100. If it's on 100, it's really hard to compete in. You don't want to do it.

If it's on 0, it basically shows there's no competition. You could basically make a website for it and rank pretty quickly. So you want to find keywords that are easy to rank for, right?

The issue used to be that you have to then make the website, fill the content and stuff like that. So for example, I had a website, landingfolio.com, which is a website inspiration gallery. You can rank pretty quickly on that back in the days, but it takes you a lot of time to make the content.

But now with AI, man, you can just rapid fire and let things generate in that sense. So what I would do and what we do a lot, and I've done this before with AI tattoos. So that's why I said like AI keyword generator.

For example, you could do like AI tattoos. If you go into Ahrefs, you log in and you basically type in tattoos, you'll get thousands and thousands and thousands of long tail keywords. For example, for like butterfly tattoo, or dragon tattoo, bird tattoo.

There's like thousands and thousands of those. What you then can do is basically use AI, use stable diffusion, use mid journey, whatever the latest hype is right now. And basically just start generating all that content and start filling these pages and automatically start building these directories of like butterfly tattoos, where you put like all these tattoo examples of butterflies on.

And basically that way organically grow your website and then make a tool where users can do that themselves, paid and use that content to display on the website again. So it's basically user generated content using AI to fill your website. And within a month, you're probably going to generate like hundreds of thousands of pieces of content.

Google's going to love it. Google's going to send traffic towards it. And this is, for example, we did it with a tattoo.

And I think we hit like 10,000 MRR before I sold it because I was focusing on another startup. But you can do this for probably anything that's AI related combined with low road difficulty content. Yeah.

And you could, I mean, you could spin up an agency. I know you're not a huge agency fan in terms of businesses, but you can spin up an agency where it's like, we'll actually go and build this for you and we'll build some of these products. So there's like a lower ticket idea here where it's just access to the tool.

And then there's a higher ticket of like a done for you service. So you would, because you have a SEO agency, right? Like, is this something you could offer?

Like, would you, like, why wouldn't you do it yourself for your own content, for your own content? So we actually have been building a suite of, we've been building a lot of this stuff. And so you're talking about boringmarketing.com.

So we've been quietly just like building a lot of these tools. So this is the direction we're going in. So yes, I mean, I'm a believer.

I'm invested in it. And the beauty about this is once you capture an entrepreneur who wants to build one of these ideas, they need more than just SEO. They need a bunch of different services and you can build those, and tools.

They need a bunch of tools and they need a bunch of services. So it's a super high-valued potential customer. And that's the way to think about it, right?

It's like, you want to think about how do I build a business with a high-valued customer? And this is like one great way to do it. Yeah.

Yeah. And I still think this is possible now. This is like the Apple iOS store basically back in the day where there was nothing.

There was nothing yet. There weren't apps. You could literally make money by just making a flashlight app, a calculator app, a fart app, whatever.

Like this is the golden age of AI and SEO combined with each other. And this is probably not even going to work in two years in the world because all these niches are going to be found. They're going to be filled in by people just doing all these things because it's all highly automated, right?

So now being able, because it feels like with SEO, like I don't know what your experience with it is, but the first to market, the first to build the backlinks, the first to get the domain names and stuff, they will mostly stay on the top of the market in that sense. Yeah. Yeah.

I agree with you. You know, this is one of those things where it's a window of opportunity. Quick ad break.

Let me tell you about a business I invested in. It's called boringmarketing.com. So a few years ago, I met this group of people that were some of the best SEO experts in the world.

They were behind getting some of the biggest companies found on Google. And the secret sauce is they've got a set of technology and AI. I could help you outrank your competition.

So for my own businesses, I wanted that. I didn't want to have to rely on Mark Zuckerberg. I didn't want to depend on ads to drive customers to my businesses.

I wanted to rank high in Google. That's why I like SEO. And that's why I use boringmarketing.com.

And that's why I invested in it. They're so confident in their approach that they offer a 30-day sprint with 100% money back guarantee. Who does that nowadays?

So check it out. Highly recommend boringmarketing.com. Even, I won't say the exact term, but even today, actually this morning, there was a particular idea I wanted to go build that I was on a few tools, including Ahrefs.

Yeah, what do you call a name? Yeah, it's hard. It's hard.

I type it. I don't say it. Saying it, especially at 8 a.m., is like with one sip of coffee, like, oh my God, it's hard.

So don't judge me, people listening. But dude, the window is gone. Like it's gotten, I've just seen it over the last four weeks just get increasingly more and more competitive.

And now I'm kind of like, I don't know if I want to do this idea anymore. Yeah, it feels like you can have like, it's the same with my company, right? Headshot Pro.

We do AI, Headshot Generation. Like when we started out, there were like three, four competitors. And then suddenly like these AI boilerplates came out and there will be 1,000 competitors trying to build the same idea.

I do believe like everyone is gone now again, mostly because clicks are going to be too high. It's too high to rank for it. There's too much competition.

So the top three will always win. We got lucky that we're in the top three right now. So I do think you can still compete in like in a busy market, but you got to be fast, man.

I don't think you can, if it comes to that AI stuff, I don't think you can come in a year later and try to merge your way into it. It's probably too late with those kinds of tools. That's what I'm saying.

You got to be like, you got to be on Ahrefs, you got to find those niches, the keywords that haven't been utilized yet that are like on zero to five keyword difficulty and build those things before it's too late. Because in two years, it's not going to be, the gold rush is going to be over. I think it's going to be too late in that sense.

So yeah. Yeah. The gold rush is going to be over and Danny is going to be dressed in an all gold suit with a gold presidential Rolex and a gold crown.

I'm too busy. I can't do that stuff. That's why we got to share the ideas here, man.

No, I think you're, you're doing all the right things. So I wouldn't be surprised. Let's go, let's move over to our idea.

Idea number two, the comfy UI marketplace. Man, how, how, how technically is your audience? Before I'm going to go, I stupid technical terms here.

They're, they're mostly non-technical, but there are, it is a subset of people who get it. Like it, you know, indie hackers building stuff. So that crew will understand what you're saying.

All right. So how am I going to translate this to everyone that can understand? Okay.

So before, when I started like two years ago, if you want to do anything with machine learning, that's deep, like with AI, that's deeper than just calling chat GPT, you had to write Python, right? Python is a language where every, every AI stuff is built in, PyTorts and whatever. Like you need to write the code.

I think a few months ago, and I found about this two weeks ago, which is, I'm pretty late to the party. It's called comfy UI. And it's basically just a really nice interface that has a drag and drop.

You can just drag in notes that you can connect to other notes. And you can basically just build a visual pipeline where you have inputs, you do something with the data and you have outputs with it. So a lot of like, I'm now rebuilding all my Python stuff to comfy UI, because it's so much easier to work with.

It's so much better to work with. You can just also run it in the cloud now and replicate. But what I've seen lately is a lot of YouTubers are actually making tutorials on how to build these workflows.

So what if instead of all these YouTube tutorials, there will be a comfy UI marketplace where people can just basically sell these templates that they built? Because you can export it. You can save it.

You can export it. You could rent them out. You can let people use it and basically charge like a fee for it.

I think in the next few months, this is going to be huge. I think a lot of people are going to move to comfy UI. There's a lot of tools being built now that allow you to really easily work with it.

I think this is going to be the next kind of wave in AI right now that we're going to migrate there. And there's a ton of indie hackers, man, that sell boilerplates for programming, for code. I'm really sure you can like capitalize on this with comfy UI.

If I wasn't busy, this is the idea I would be working on. We're too fucking busy, so I'm not going to do it. So there must be someone in your audience that can start working on this.

I saw this one. This was in your list. And I almost was shocked that you shared it.

Yeah. Because this is a pretty low-risk, high-impact idea that a really, really small team could do. There's a couple things I look at when I'm like, should I go into this space?

And one of them is, is there an influx of YouTube tutorials? So I've also noticed the same thing. There's been a huge increase in the tutorial space in this space.

And it's kind of like that guy, what's his name, Islo in the Notion template space. So there's a YouTuber who has like, I don't know, half a million YouTube subs. And the guy's like printing millions of dollars a year selling YouTube templates.

Like you just apply that model to this. And the second thing I noticed with Comfy UI in general is their subreddit has skyrocketed in terms of membership. So it's now a top three or 4% subreddit, which is just a sign that there's something here.

It feels like every smart person I see on Twitter is kind of working on this. The reason I was keeping this one secret and this morning was walking with a dog. And like, I'm not allowed to work on another idea anymore.

I need to stop doing it because I've been so busy with all my other stuff. So I'm like thinking, all right, how am I, I want this? Because we use this stuff.

I would love more templates. How am I going to stop myself, but still bring it in the world? I was like, I'm just going to share it in the podcast.

I don't, yeah. Just, it needs to exist. And I think someone's going to print absolute money with this.

Yeah. Yeah. It needs to exist.

And I will say though, your audience is like pretty perfect for something like this. Would you ever consider partnering with someone? So this is funny because one half year ago, you told me to stop, start doing something with my AI influencer and I started doing it and it turned into a headshot pro.

So maybe we're on an affliction point where Greg tells me, go do this yourself. And like it builds into the next big business. But yeah, I've been thinking about like, I'm too busy.

Should I just partner up with people? Use my audience? Like a lot of indie hack, like a lot of people doing these days, partner up in that sense.

So if someone's listening here, they got some skills and they want to partner up, follow me on Twitter. I think it's going to be in the show notes later. Yes.

I'll be down. It will. Yeah.

I mean, why not, right? Like the, I think that's just an interesting thing for creators. This is kind of like a side tangent, but like if you're a creator or you're someone with an audience who has access to an audience, of course you want to work on your own ideas and you want to focus on your own ideas.

But how do you partner and just take pieces of businesses where you can, there's someone that you trust that's going to go and like build this thing. So, you know, I don't know what equity percentage that is. Like if you take 30%, 40%, 50%, what that is, but there's probably a deal that you could make there.

Do you have experience in this? Do you, have you seen people start doing this successfully with their audience and their brand? Yeah.

I mean, like the Nick Huber's, the Sean Puri's, the Sahel Bloom's, those, those people, you know, Austin Reef with Oceans, co-founder of Morning Brew. it's, it's happening. I haven't done it a lot myself because the truth is I haven't been able to find like people I really trust and I'm scared to work with someone who is going to blow it for me, right?

So, I, I, I do like, I do, I'm making a conscious effort to like meet interesting entrepreneurs so hopefully I can partner with them and, and, and, and bring them into the late checkout ecosystem. Yeah. Yeah.

It's hard to, you need to, you need to have a whole combination of a person you're going to work with. It's not just like, yeah, they need to be entrepreneurial so why wouldn't they do it by themselves? Um, how would you partner up with someone?

Start a company with them? Yeah. It's a big step.

You have to offer something more than just an audience in my opinion. Like, um, so like my offering to, to people is like capital, design, SEO, paid ads, um, audience. Um, but yeah, you do one or two.

My point is if you do one or two of those a year that really work out, like you're good, you know, you're good. But then the thing is like, do you want to be completely distracted from what else you're working on and like focus on those parts if you have like a busy business, I think in that sense. Yeah.

Like for me, for example, I'm still in the running in my company. I've got a team, right? But I'm still like working full time on it.

Like being able to support another business. Is that like something you want to work on? That's the thing.

Do you want to sacrifice more of your free time after so many years of doing that? So it's like the reflection point. To me, it's really, it's high leverage work to do that.

You're essentially advising someone else. And if you're you or you're me or you're, or frankly, you're listening to this podcast, you have an unfair advantage because you know where the world is going. So if you know where the world is going, it's like, how can you, I mean, we talked about this last time, a year and a half ago when you came on the pod, it was like, I was like, dude, how are you not building, doubling down on this and doubling down on this?

There's some big companies doing that now. So yeah, one of years ago, you told me, go start this EI influencer agency, whatever. Man, people are doing big stuff in that space.

Yeah. So that's, that's kind of like the hold co-model and, and, and it doesn't necessarily need to be incubate everything yourself. You can just, you know, partner with someone.

All right. I want to move on to the next idea. Fiverr Upwork 2.0.

Yeah. So I don't think anyone's built anything like this yet, or at least it doesn't feel like it. So basically Fiverr Upwork, obviously freelance platform, right?

You go there, you want to have a job done, you find a freelancer and you work for it. Basically all the time tracking goes via the platform too. So it's, yeah.

With AI, it feels like a lot of these jobs don't exist anymore because most of the things are automated. But what I think where they should go, and I don't even know if they're doing this yet or if they can doing it yet. Well, what people, there's a difference from now.

If, if you want to heavily use AI, you need to be a programmer, right? You need to build its own API. So you cannot just like only put it in chat GPT.

It's going to be too hard. So what I would build is basically a clone of Fiverr or Upwork, but you don't hire people. You basically hire MLMs, LLMs, AI bots and whatever.

Basically workflows that have been built for you that can do the work for you. But it doesn't feel like you're working with AI. It literally just feels like you're hiring someone to do it, but it's not the person, it's the AI doing it.

For example, I think before you would go to Upwork for like a translation job, right? So you have an Excel sheet, you dump, you find a freelance, he's going to translate it and you get the stuff back later. This could be now 100% automated.

You don't need a person to do this anymore. But I think a lot of like normies, regular people that might be afraid of AI. So if you just literally make a job website where you can go and there's literally a translate option, you drop your Excel and then a day later, for example, you get your Excel sheet back that's translated and the backend is all AI doing it.

It's like 100% AI, it's automated. I think that will be so much easier to sell and it's basically just, yeah, the future of working, the future of jobs. Someone in the comment section is going to be like, but why wouldn't you just use Google Translate?

Probably because Google Translate is not good enough and someone doesn't want to put 10,000 rows of Excel in a Google Translate. That's the thing. You either got to build the API yourself and need to know how to program or you're going to go to Upwork and let someone else do it.

You're going to be the person that literally already built the API but you're going to make it feel like it's Upwork. And that's the other thing is, especially bigger companies, they want automations. So they want the ability to be like, okay, I put this in an Airtable and anytime I put it into an Airtable, this Airtable, this task is made and I know that within 24 hours there's going to be the output.

And to me, it's worth paying whatever it is per month or per task because now all of a sudden, I don't have the worry that if I put it in Google Translate that it's going to be messed up, I can trust this source. Well, and it's also like you don't want to babysit it, right? You don't want to check it.

You don't want to fact check it. You don't want to see if it's working. You basically just want to dump your stuff, give the task and you want to get back what you paid for and you don't use a time in that sense.

That's kind of a good name for this. Dumpyourstuff.com. Let's see.

Is it already taken? Dumpyourstuff.com. Yeah.

And then the logo could be like a toilet or something. You know, don't... You can have your own AI translate.

Dumpyourstuff.com is taken, man. I'm so sorry. What about dumpyourstuff.ai though?

Yeah. .ai. 80 bucks per year.

You can register it. There you go. Someone's going to register it.

Well, last time I said a name, it was like registered like one minute after I uploaded the pod. You got some good listeners, man. Yeah, but I think this one is excited.

I'm just like, just like gradually build it out. I'm pretty sure you can just have a community. Maybe this should be built on top of Comfy UI.

You can have a community build out these workflows over it as a service and then you just charge a fee over it. So for example, you can have some random guy in San Francisco who's going to build this translation service, for example. You run a free platform.

As a platform, you change like a 5% fee and he charges you like one cent per row or whatever. So he can basically like offer his AI worker on the platform automated. You get a fee over it and it's basically just this whole economy that just works in that way.

If you wanted to build this app, how would you go about getting customers to it? I would probably just go on Upwork and just offering it as a service there. And I know they have a whole panning blacklist system against scrapers, but there's, I know someone who made a workaround around it, so it's doable.

You can basically just like, Airbnb did this, right? They made fake adverts on cracklist for their hosts and then just to fill the platform, you can just seed your platform in that way. That's right.

Yeah, no one talks about that, but that's exactly how they initially scaled. And I'm pretty sure like in the thing is you can just go on Upwork, you can see what is the most requested job that people offer or require over there and you can just automate it. So the data is already there.

You just have to, yeah, you can just apply to the jobs over there as a service. I think it's pretty easy to be scalable. Perhaps you need some like real humans in the mix that need to do the checking, like maybe like some account manager that like checks the output of the job eventually.

So you need to hire like someone via somewhere.com, nice plug for our friends to do the managing or whatever. Yeah, I also think this is one of those ideas that you start, you know, you start scaling it, you get a bunch of press someone, you know, the VP of M&A at Fiverr or Upworks like sees it and is like, I need to buy this thing. Because they must need, like I was expecting, honestly, them to start doing something with this, but I have not seen any of these two companies mentioning, maybe they're afraid of the backlash because they run on the freelancers, right?

So you don't want to get rid of that. I know the stock is down 95% since 2022. I bought some Upwork stock and I went to absolute shit.

So they got to do something, I guess. Why is it down? Revenues are down?

I haven't checked. Probably revenue is down. Yeah.

2020 bubble popped, but I'm pretty sure also people probably just expect that they are low-level tasks, right? Like their tasks are automatable by AI. So there must be, like investors must be super scared.

Like where's the revenue potential? Yeah. I just, I just checked on perplexity.ai.

Why is Upwork stock down? There's been a decrease of revenue. So less people, definitely AI concerns.

There are fears the rise of generative AI could eliminate many freelance jobs. It's not going to eliminate freelance jobs. It's going to eliminate low, you know, sort of lower repetitive freelance jobs.

And because of this, lower guidance. So they're giving lower guidance because they're, I mean, the real big idea, honestly, is you do a hostile takeover of Upwork. Like you figure out a way to buy Upwork.

Well, you know, that's the big idea of this. They would probably buy you out. Like if you can make this work successfully, they need to, they need to stay because they probably have a ton of cash on the hand because they didn't IPO that long ago.

They must be, they are going to acquire you if you, if you make this work. Yes. Yeah.

Dude, like my heart is hurting because this is such a good idea. The company, the company is worth 1.5 billion dollars, but they've got about 500 million dollars of cash. So the company's only worth a billion dollars on like how much revenue?

Let's check real quick. Yeah, dude, I'm telling you, if I, if I didn't have Hedgehog Pro, I would be working on this, but I'm too busy with it. So, so they used to be worth probably 20, 20 billion.

It's crazy. So in 2023, they had 689 million dollars of revenue. So they're basically, basically being traded at almost 1x revenue, like 1.2, 1.3x revenue.

So Fiverr is the one that went down that badly. Yeah, Fiverr went down from 320 USD to now 25. So it's down 10 times.

Crazy. Upwork's doing, Upwork's doing okay because Upwork's probably also more up. Yes.

Like they're doing more harder tasks and Fiverr is like literally made for the $5 task, right? Yeah, so they are in problem. So this is, this is, yeah, there's a bunch of ways to come at this problem.

Either you go and, I think the best way if I was doing this, I would just go and build what you're saying and then you're going to build a cash flowing business, but you can also decide to sell it to them. Dude, but this is the thing, this is like the, the, the thing that I try to focus on now. And this is probably a bridge to the next idea.

I'm not sure if I put it on there, but you gotta like, you gotta humanize AI in that sense. And what I think everything is now tech based, but that's nice for the 1% that understands tech, but you need to like make it, if you want to get products to be adopted, you need to make it feel like the real world, right? Basically how iPhone started with their interface, notes and looked like notes.

You need to make it feel right. So these people, they're not going to use ChatGPT to do their job, even if it's easier. They, you need to like, they want to use it how they've been using it, but then on a different way.

For example, like Hatcher Pro, we really, we don't focus on the AI part. We basically just, what we do different is before you had to go to a physical photo shoot, right? So you had to schedule photo shoot, you had to drive there, you had to get your clothing, you have to pay $300.

Basically what we do now is you just do it from your house. You take 15 selfies and the AI is literally the photographer that makes it for you and two hours later you get the photo. It's kind of the same process and we make it feel the same way, but there's no real human in the loop, but basically 50 photographers in the cloud that are making the photos for it.

So it feels like you need to make that transition. You need to make it feel human, how you experienced it. So I think like these kind of ideas, stop doing it as an API, do it more as like a job marketplace because it feels real.

It feels how people expect to interact with something they've been interacting with. Right. So yeah, let's talk about that idea.

So you've done that for Headshot Pro and millions of headshots are created per month. Do you, how would you go about thinking about another, another type of service like Headshot Pro for X? There was a, I was listening to a podcast the other day and they, for example, company doctors apparently have scribes that are taking notes and how it used to work.

I don't know which podcast this was on, but it was a really good episode. Probably, I think it was my first million. They mentioned it on there.

So basically they said this doctor had a scribe. So before they would be in person. Now they hired someone that was listening in from an iPad.

Someone was literally asking, hey, who's that on the iPad? And they were like, oh, that's my scribe. He's listening and he's taking notes of this recording.

The next step is you need to find ideas that you could literally automate with AI, right? So this person, like it's, it's going to be tough. Like people don't like to hear it, but this person is going to be automated by AI because you have OpenAI Whisper.

It can literally transcribe what you're saying. You use another LLM to summarize it and you're done. So this person, their job is going to be gone in five years.

So this is like a job you could automate. Like you could target doctor practices, the scribes, literally market it as that service, but then instead of doing the services before, you've replaced it with AI, but you still sell it that way. So you say, yeah, how would you market it?

How would you brand it? Like you would just use the same kind of content. You don't even need to mention AI anywhere, but you just make it 10 times cheaper.

So I met a doctor recently and I was telling him a little bit of what I do and he was like, oh, you're interested in AI. I'm like, yeah. He goes, I started using this thing called Autoscribe.

What's Autoscribe? He's like, he said the same thing. He was like, yeah, we used to, you know, you know how bad doctor's notes are.

Worst handwriting on the planet. I was like, yeah. He goes, now I just have this app.

I'm in a beta test with them. I'll send you the link here. Yeah.

Toronto, California. Yeah. Yeah.

It's a Toronto. Yeah. It's a Montreal, Toronto company.

I think. Dude, it's wild. There's nothing else ranking for this search term.

It's just Toronto. Yeah. It's called, yeah, Autoscribe.

But you go to their website, it's like, I can't even spell it. Mew2o Health. But if you Google Autoscribe, it should come up.

Anyways, the way he goes, what it does is, it's real-time transcription. And he was like, I can't tell you how, okay, actually here, I'm on their website. This is what happens.

The patient consents to Autoscribe. Then it records it in the room. Then it populates in real-time the information during the encounter.

Because, keep in mind, the doctor is looking at a screen that almost looks like a CRM and it needs to be populated. In real-time. Then there's an analysis that happens.

Autoscribe creates a clinical note based on the encounter. Once reviewed and editing is complete, the note can be pushed to the EMR or copy and pasted. So it's like a pretty simple idea.

He told me that. He was like, I'm able to see 10 to 20% more patients per day. And the thing is, even if he's tired and he didn't hear what they said, critical information, there's this AI that just found out what people actually said.

And it's going to summarize for him afterwards. It's going to help so many people, man. Exactly.

Help so many people. So yeah, I mean, I think you kind of just have to... There's like one competitor.

There's like one company that does this. There's no competition. Like just finding like little niches where this works, where you can just replace what's normally be done by a human and like get it done by AI to make, enable more people to use it because now every doctor can have it instead of only the rich doctors in rich countries, for example.

Yeah. And I think what you need to do is you have to understand workflows of people, practitioners. So you have to like call your dentist, call your auto mechanic, call your, you know, barber.

And you have to be like, hey, what are the things that you do that's really repetitive that you hate doing? And this is the nice thing. You fairly have no competition because if you're going to make a Node app, every programmer can make a Node app, but no one is going to make an AI app for a doctor or whatever.

There's no, there's no competition in it because it's boring. They don't know anything about it. So if you spend your time doing it, you will have, you're going to have the whole market if you know how to scale and how to do marketing.

Totally. And, you know, another idea is, okay, there's a doctor, but what, what are other people that doctors work with? Well, what about the, what about the nurse?

Is there something specific to nurses? Like nurse scribe.ai. Is that available?

I don't know if nurse is your scribe, but yeah, but even like, maybe for like a dentist or not even a doctor, maybe for a completely different, different subject. Yeah. I know a friend of mine, for example, he was doing all these AI note-taking apps became popular, right?

So he started doing it for veterinarians, veterinarians. Yeah. There was no competition, but all these vets would love to have their notes taken and there's habits in their app, but because you targeted specifically for that niche, they would rather use that than a more broadly consumer-based app.

Crazy dude. Yeah. There's so many opportunities, man, but you gotta be fast.

Like I said, in the beginning of the podcast, I, I, this is going to be gone in the next two to five years. Like SaaS has already eat the world. Like everything is done.

Basically, this is going to be saturated in five to 10 years too. Give us one, before you go, give us one last idea. I think I got the whole docs, the whole document done already, right?

If I say anything else. Yeah. Um, yeah, I would do this.

So I had my, my first startup, I sold it to Jasper, um, which was a AI copywriting generator. I still think you can do this for, uh, you can just make a marketing agency and have it run completely on AI without people knowing it. So for example, I have this domain for a long time, a headline 99, where basically you could just write headlines for people, the landing pages for $99.

I haven't been able to do it yet. You could just send people questionary. They fill in all the duties about the company.

You have a bunch of different LLMs summarizing it, making headlines, getting five to 10 ideas, put a human in the loop that literally picks the last three ones. You give the best performing, best working headline for the landing page. And a headline can be like doubling your revenue if you have a good headline.

So you could productize services. Like everyone is using software and SaaS now, but you have to remember these people using their software, like they don't know anything. So you need to, you need to productize the extra layer on top of it.

You're probably doing that with boring marketing now with, with the blog writing, whatever. Everyone's doing what is blocks, but I think there's so many different angles. You could go into this and just basically build a marketing agency that scales to probably a billion dollar in revenue without having a single human sitting there.

Just probably just one guy who's just managing all the terminal commands and checking if everything goes well. Yeah. I mean, there's a lot there and that it just goes into like the unbundling of the marketing agency and productizing it and creating these sort of autonomous SaaS apps, basically.

that's, that's, that's a process that's just begun to start. So yeah, I think there's a big opportunity and I think the smartest thing you did was calling it headline 99. Like that, that's brilliant.

I just love the domain and I, I really, I need to stop working on it because I really like the domain name. I have something with heads, headshot pro, headline, headline 99. It's like all the project with that word in it are successful.

So I'm going to stick with that plan. Danny. All right.

Uh, you know, you've given a lot of value. We appreciate it. If people want to support you and follow along, where can they do that?

Get a AI headshot on headshotpro.com and go follow me on Twitter. It's where I share what I'm working on, ideas and stuff like that. Uh, so my Twitter is Danny Postma with a double A at the end on Twitter.

And if you like this episode, you want more Danny, uh, like, comment, subscribe, share this episode. Uh, so we know that you, you, you like Danny. Uh, I know I like Danny.

So it's always, uh, it's always pleasure seeing you brother. Maybe see you again in one half year and we do completely different things and I built a comfy UI one. Let's see.

Oh yeah. Well, you'll be wearing a crown and hopefully I'll be wearing a crown too. So let's go.

Thanks for having me, man. It was fun. Always fun.

Later, dude. H knew a lit. I'll be wearing a crown.

Here we go. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye.