My framework is to own what you can control in the process. Being able to know what you're opening with and know what you're moving towards next. It's very simple, but it's what a lot of people missed.

I think sales, there's the art and there's the science. People don't close if they think you need it more than they do. You're going to drive value to the person who is saying yes, and they can't get that value without what you're offering.

Getting the job selling private jets for Warren Buffett was one of the hardest sales processes I ever went through. I still believe that pressing flesh, as we used to say, shaking hands, it matters. Andy, welcome to the show.

Thanks for having me. I met you 12 or so years ago. You were my first introduction to people in this world who have crazy stories.

Before then, I had just read about people like you, and then you told me. I said, tell me a bit about yourself, Andy. You said, first I sold private jets.

I sold a company to Facebook. Then what was after that? After that, we sold Waze to Google.

Oh, right. Then I sold a company to Google, and I was like, who is this guy? You're in your early 30s.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

It was, you know, I learned early on in my career and, well, early on in my life that I was, I really enjoyed convincing people of things. And later on in life, I learned that that called sales. And I think that there's two types of people in this world, people who know they're in sales and people that are in denial that they're in sales.

And I think, you know, soon we all kind of just understand that we're all selling something, even if it's an idea, a restaurant recommendation, whatever it is. We're all selling something. If we just kind of get comfortable with that and we understand that that's a skill, we might be able to have a little bit more of what we want and bring big people along with us.

So how do you get good at sales? Like if sales is important and we all could use it as a secret weapon, is there a framework for being a pro at sales? Yeah.

There are a lot of frameworks. My TikTok algorithm shows me a lot of different people telling me their framework for sales. My framework is to own what you can control in the process.

That there's so much in a process of convincing somebody of something or convincing them to join your team or buy your product or think your idea is worth another piece of the conversation. To just own the part of it that you can control. So my first job out of college was selling life insurance.

And I have to tell you that life insurance is one of the least sexy things you can possibly sell. Because the opening part of the conversation begins, have you recently thought about your death? And then you have to recover from that.

And I ended up being the number one life insurance salesman in America in the rookie class when I was 23 years old because I learned how to own what I could control. And the only thing that I could control in the process was it wasn't who said yes because one out of three people would say yes. So there's two people that I had no control over.

Over their nose. And to get to three pitches, I had to start with 10 leads. So there were seven people who were leads that were not going to ever let me pitch.

And so I said, I want X number of sales. So I multiplied the number of pitches I needed to do by three. And I multiplied that number by 10 to get how many leads I needed to get.

Every week, I just went out and made sure I got that many new tens that would turn into threes, which would turn into ones. Because I didn't control who would say yes. I didn't control who would let me pitch.

I just controlled making the reach out to the people in there. And for different parts of our lives, we're going to go through different amounts of 10 threes and ones in dating. You know, you got to kiss a lot of frogs sometimes to find the person who you want to spend a little bit more time with to, in your case, find the person you want to spend the rest of your life with.

Congratulations, by the way. And it's a process, right? But it's not everything's a funnel.

It doesn't have to be unsexy. But it does break down to, you know, number of people we spoke to, number of people we spent time with, to the one person that we wanted to actually spend the life. Not everything's a funnel, but everything's a funnel.

Yes. And so I think that getting good at sales, getting good at being persuasive, getting good at bringing people along with you on a journey is figuring out which part of that process you're in control of. And then knowing what the next step is after that, after the part that you're in control of, right?

So in sales, it's you make a pitch or you make a presentation. In recruiting, it's you put together an offer. In dating, it's you ask for the next date.

Being able to know what you're opening with and know what you're moving towards next is what a lot of people, it's very simple, but it's what a lot of people have missed. And I've been on sales calls, you know, a lot of sales calls where I've had people say, so what do you think? And I said, sounds like an amazing opportunity.

And they said, okay, great. Well, thanks so much for your time. And I was like, you haven't, I haven't said yes yet.

I just paid you a compliment. Like you have to ask for the business and that's what separates, you have to ask for the next step. And that's what separates people who have dabbled with the skill of sales from people who haven't really perfected it.

When I was a teenager, I realized the importance of sales. You know, I don't know. I was a weird teenager, I guess.

And I was selling agency services at the time. My top of the funnel was I'd add people on LinkedIn, I'd get their email address. And then I'd basically say, hey, like I looked at your website, kind of sucks.

I can make it better. Here's how I would do it. I basically, this was like pre-calendly and stuff like that.

I'd say, here's my phone number. Call me anytime. Like the access, like just here's my phone number.

Call me anytime. I realized I was closing no one basically on these phone calls. Maybe it was my prepubescent voice or maybe it just, I just, I couldn't get my story tight enough.

So I found this guy who, he was 31, 32 at the time. He had built a big agency. And I, I basically said, hey, would you be willing to sit on five or 10 or 15 of my calls?

Yeah. Write notes and tell me all the things I'm doing poorly. And he did that for eight, nine, 10 calls.

Gave me notes. Paid him for his time. Okay.

Those sets of notes, like for me, like changed the whole course of my life. Right. So what do you think about that?

What do you think about people giving you notes on sales calls? Like, is it, you know, what do you think? Yeah.

I think, I think sales, there's the art and there's the science, right? The science is, you know, the law of large numbers, you know, 10, three to one, right? The art is making it, you know, five, three to one, right?

So instead of having 10 leads, I get you three pitches to get you one, right? Being able to reduce the spread of the, reduce the magnitude of the funnel is the art that happens. And that's where a mentor can be just years ahead of what you'd be able to figure out on your own.

You will figure it out on your own. Like everybody can figure it out on their own if they get enough at bats. But if you can, you know, wisely get somebody to give you that, give you notes and say, Hey, here's what I heard you say.

And here's what you could have said. Hey, you get really excited when they start to agree with you. And you, you're almost like that guy at the bar that needs to get laid.

And like, they're like, Oh my gosh, he really needs the sale. Like people don't close if they think you need it more than they do. Right.

If it's your agenda versus there, they're like, Oh, this is, this is not going to be good for me. You know what? But if, if, if you look like you've done this a million times, just a part of the process, this is what we do next.

You kind of guide them through those steps. Those are the types of notes that somebody who's done this a lot can give you and maybe speed up your clothes, your clothes ratio and, and the art side of your, of your, your sales. Is there a difference between selling a $10,000 website or a $1 billion app to Google?

For example, what, what you, when you sold ways to Google, the fundamentals are almost the same. You're going to drive value to the person who is saying yes. And they can't get that value without what you're offering.

If that's the way that you frame it, right. That, you know, what I raised over a hundred million dollars of venture funding for companies, where I've been a part of companies that have raised over a hundred million. And then now the coach, you know, getting close to a billion of funding that's come into companies that I have been a part of in some way, shape or form.

All of that, when positioned as an opportunity for somebody to participate in the upside, to go on the journey, to be on the rocket ship is the same as me started off my career selling lawn mowing services in Dallas, Texas. There is something that I was offering to do that this person either didn't want to, or couldn't do themselves. And I had built the infrastructure of the company, the, the offering that they were excited about.

And they said, you know what, for the time that I'm going to get back, you're mowing my lawn versus me mowing my lawn. That's worth 20 bucks. Sure.

And if you can kind of break it down on the value exchange, and you kind of come at people as I have something and you have something. I have the thing you want. You have the thing I want.

You have money. I have services. Should we bring those two together?

Do we both feel good about this? Fantastic. Let's move on.

That is what most of the negotiations that I've ever been a part of that moved forward. That was the, the, the spirit or the feeling that was in the room was everybody was getting what they wanted and they were willing to part with what they had. Do you remember a particular time where it was like one of the hardest negotiations of your life or one of the hardest sales of your life?

And it just sticks in your brain as like a marquee, a marquee moment. Getting the job selling private jets for Warren Buffett was one of the hardest sales processes I ever went through because the guys that ran the company were literally the 40 best sales guys in America. And so to convince a sales guy to let you be a sales guy with them is a really arduous process because they like you're the guy who gave you notes was, that was very nice of him.

These guys are not giving me notes after we finished an interview. Right. Uh, they're, they're not being kind until once I've gone on the team.

Awesome. Best people in the world. Right.

A lot of people know Jesse Hitzler, right? Jesse was my boss. Yeah.

You know, when I was selling private jets and like watching him operate up close and in person was like incredible. And the whole team at marquee jet back in 2006 to 2009 was like Jesse and baby Jesse's. Right.

And, and, and like to get to be a part of that crew for a few years and like run the Texas sales region for Warren Buffett's private jet company was absolutely what I wanted to do. But I think it took me three, three, three tries, uh, to, to get in there and to like show them how hard it was willing to work. Show them, you know, they, they said, we only hire people.

It was 15 years in sales experience. And I said, well, I started my lawn mowing company when I was 12, 26 now. So like, I'm just one year shy.

And they're like, no, that doesn't count. But they ended up hiring me when I was 28. But, you know, being able to be one of the youngest guys on the team was totally worth all the effort that I put into it.

And all the, you know, uh, I'm going to be in New York for meetings. And I just flew and hung out, I'll head to office and waited until I could get the way on the phone and be like, Hey, I'm actually nearby. You know, can I swim by to continue the conversation that we were having?

Uh, I sent my business plan to five different hotels in San Francisco, knowing that the CEO is going to be in San Francisco. I knew he'd only stay at one of five hotels and he called me. He goes, how'd you get this into my room?

Those were the types of things that I was trying to do to just show them like, like I'll do this to get the job. Imagine what I will do. The way I, one of the ways I got, I got to know you actually was you were throwing a dinner called the good people dinner.

Good people, great dinner. I was living in Montreal at the time and you like sent an email. Uh, you're like, yeah, I'm having a dinner tomorrow or something.

You should come by. And I remember looking, you know, I was in college at the time and I remember looking at flights and it was like, for whatever reason it was like, I don't know, $2,000 or super expensive. And I was like, Oh, you know, a part of me is like, I shouldn't do this, but I take out my credit card.

I swipe it. I show up to the dinner and I end up like from that dinner, I met you, which has been super fruitful, but also met like a bunch of like lifelong friends, um, from that dinner. So I feel like one of the biggest hacks to, when I look back at my career, one of the biggest hacks is just being like, yeah, I'm in town.

Totally. Like get on the plane. Like that's one of the biggest sales hacks is just, just being okay to get on a plane and, and acknowledging that it's a funnel.

Like not every dinner is going to be amazing and not every meeting is going to work, but you have to be willing to, to get on a plane. Yeah. I, I, I am in London right now.

I got here this morning. I knew that this, you know, this call was still scheduled. I mentioned that my flights were around a student to have this conversation.

And there was a meeting that last week I found out about and they're like, do you go to zoom or, or are you guys based in London or where I was like, Oh, I'm actually going to be in London next week because you don't get the opportunity that I had this morning to meet with the person I met with in person. And I still believe that pressing flesh, as we used to say, shaking hands, like it matters. There's certain, there's certain times when it matters.

And there are certain things that will, will happen in a room that you just can't pick up on a zoom. And it's not everything. I'm, I'm, I'm very grateful to not be challenged 200 days a year.

Like I used to, but there, there, there is a threshold that I will hop on a plane and I'll be back in New York, you know, you know, a couple of days, but totally worth it to hop across the pond for the meeting that happens worrying and another one tomorrow. I think there, I think there's a story with you and I want to say someone at Coca-Cola or Delta and you missed a flight. Do you know what I'm talking about?

I do. I do. Yeah.

I, I was, uh, speaking at MIT, I'd been invited to join this panel and I was in a panel of academics and I'm, you know, a homeschool kid from Texas that got a finance degree from Texas A&M. And these are like double IVs, right? Everybody's intellectually, like they're, they're the ones who should be speaking at MIT.

And I did a lot of prep work for this panel. I knew everything about all their businesses and I, and I, but I wanted, you know, I wanted it to be friendly and cordial, but I love panels where you can disagree just, just enough to spark a conversation. And so I, I did that on a couple of points that I thought, you know, this, this for the audience would be great.

I mean, you know, I'm rushing back to New York and I hear behind me, Hey, really, really enjoyed what you shared today. And, you know, a gentleman who I had not seen before at the auditorium. And so as we're like literally repacking our bags after having went up in GSA, I was like, Hey, by the way, my name's Andy.

He goes, I was, I was like, you know, what were you up for? He goes, Oh, I just got hired as the new head of digital for Coca-Cola. And I'm trying to learn as fast as I can.

I'm working for a startup that would very much like to be involved with Coca-Cola at the time. And I said, I said, Oh, you know what, what, what stood out to you from today? So he starts to talk and we're kind of walking together towards the gate and, and I'm not late for my flight, but I'm pretty close to late.

Like boarding is happening pretty soon. And I say, would you like to get a beer? And he goes, Oh yeah, you know, I'm, I'm here actually early.

So, you know, sure. And so we're sitting at the pub or, you know, uh, Boston bar, Boston airport bar, and I can hear them paging my name, passenger Elwood last fall past. And I say, you want another round?

And I know that I'm missing my flight, but I'm keeping my Coca-Cola face as, as calm and collected as I can. And so we have a couple of beers. We come up with two ideas.

And I said, Hey, when I get back to New York tomorrow, I'm going to follow up with you on both of those ideas. You know, does that sound like a great next step for us? You know, this is really productive conversation.

He said, absolutely. Thanks so much for, for the beers. And he walks to his gate, catches his fight, makes it home to his family in Atlanta.

And I ended up booking like the 11 PM puddle jump, you know, that, and sit middle seat, which I'm not a middle seat type guy. And, but got the, got that connection and was able to do one of those ideas with Coca-Cola. And my favorite part is that I later hired him to be the CMO of my last startup.

And it was his way five years later, six years later to leave Coca-Cola. He'd served his time. He'd done what he wants to do at Coca-Cola.

And he, you know, he came in and, you know, was CMO for a little bit and then said, Hey, you know, startup life really isn't for me. But he launched his own agency. And now it's one of the most successful digital agencies, uh, critique digital agency in Atlanta and all because I just was willing to miss a flight and buy, buy a couple of beers.

And you never know who you're going to sit next to in life. Right. Yeah.

And so let me tell you a story like that. So I'm flying home from Vegas, CES. Yeah.

Um, when I was living in San Francisco, so Las Vegas to San Francisco, back row, middle seat. And I have this guy next to me who is like, keeps like basically sleeping on me. You know, he's just like going on my chair and I'm kind of like light, light, lightly moving him to my right, coming on my chair.

You know, it's Vegas, right? These he's, he was probably up for 32 hours. Let's say.

Yeah. I, you know, I didn't know who I was sitting next to. Right.

So, and I'm a positive guy. And I, anyways, I started talking to him and I was like, Hey, like, are you okay? Like you've been kind of like coming in my seat.

So, oh, I'm so tired. I had such a bit busy CES. We start talking.

Turns out he's a co-founder of Lyft. Wow. And yeah, he's a co-founder of Lyft and we get talking and he's like, you know, telling me he's just, oh, I'm so tired, but I'm excited to play tennis.

When I get back, I was like, oh, we should play tennis sometime. And all of a sudden I have this relationship with the co-founder of a multi-billion dollar company who like to this day, like I have that relationship with. And the lesson really for me was always lead with kindness and positivity and you never know who's sitting next to you.

A hundred percent. In situations like that, what's, you know, when you lead with kindness and positivity, how do you know to continue it? Right.

Like how, how, how long did it take for you to get to, he's the co-founder of Lyft because he didn't probably lead with that. Only at the end of the flight did he tell me he was the co-founder of Lyft. So only after we had talked about tennis, like I was playing tennis with him even before I knew he was the co-founder of Lyft.

Wow. Right. Yeah.

Sure. Yeah. Cause we had, we were talking about tennis and, but there was something inside me that was like, there's something interesting about this guy.

Yeah. Um, and there's something that I was just following my curiosity. Like I, I really, I'm sure you feel, you feel this a lot of the time when you meet someone and you can kind of just sense that like, oh, there's something to this person and you can't put your finger on it.

I had that same feeling with him. And as we're getting up, as we're getting up, uh, off the plane, he's like, oh, by the way, you're in tech, right? I was like, yeah.

He goes, I think you might know him with the company that I started. Wow. Uh, and he's like, it's Lyft.

Wow. I have always admired your curiosity and your willing to test things. Um, you know, I, I followed you into the, you know, the 1 million follower.

Yeah. I challenge on TikTok. Um, and I, I just crossed over 500 followers last week.

So yeah, didn't quite make it either. Um, you know, but what, what, where did, where does curiosity show up the most for you? I think curious people are curious everywhere.

Like it isn't something that is siloed into relationships or, you know, just when you go out to, you know, I just got, I just grabbed a coffee right before this at the, at the coffee shop and like started talking to the barista about real estate in this particular town that I'm in. Like, I just feel like curious, curious people are curious people. I've learned that when you're curious, it increases your, you know, what people call the luck surface area.

Like you become more lucky if, if you're curious, that being said, you also get burned and rejected a hundred times more when you're, when you're curious. Right. So like you have to be okay with being burnt.

And I have plenty of examples of like, yeah, I was curious and I got rejected or burnt and it sucked. Right. It sounds like curiosity came first, but then a, an ability to deal with rejection came second.

Yeah. Yeah. I think, I don't know.

I was always taught like to go out and, you know, from my parents and grandparents to go, to go out in the world and be okay with rejection. So as a, as a child, I was just like, okay, rejection is a part of life. Right.

Like it just, it, it, it is. And if you're not getting rejected, then you're not doing life properly. Just like if you're not breathing, you know, something is wrong.

If you believe that rejection is a part of life, then the next step is okay. Well, I want to be curious about the world around me and I'm going to go try a bunch of different things. And then I just learned that like the coolest people on this planet are the most curious people on this planet and have collected the most interesting experiences like you.

And that's what drew me to you. What drew me to you is you told me about stories and experiences that at that point I had only read about in, in books. And I don't believe you can be an interesting person if you're not curious.

I completely agree with that. And I think that dealing with rejection and curiosity, I, I find are just, they just go hand in hand with my favorite people. And I think that I, I actually, if I, you know, if I were to drill back, you know, cause I don't know about you, but I, I've recently moved on from some friendships and relationships that, you know, not because they're a bad person, but they just, they just stopped.

Like I actually, the way I broke it down was they just stopped being curious and they just kind of said, no, I understand the world now. Right. And like, and, and that, like, that was it.

Like, they're like, this is as far as I go. And I'm like, well, I'm still, I'm still going. And they're like, dude, why don't we hang out anymore?

I was like, cause we're talking about the exact same thing that we're talking about like six months ago. Like, like what, what's new in your world? I'm still, I'm still, still just frustrated about that thing that happened.

Like I'm frustrated about the thing that happened yesterday, but not that thing. Um, and I'm curious if, if, cause you're, you're kind of at the spot, you know, in, in your professional world where people who come along and people who have said, I'm good. And I'm curious if that's true for you, the way it has been for me.

So I've actually had a lot of epiphanies around friendships since COVID. Um, and even a little bit before COVID and I'll give you them. So one of them, and I actually have a note in my iPhone.

I'm going to pull it up. 2019, I felt like I can walk around San Francisco and I knew everyone. People would like wave to me and I knew all the cool restaurants and the bars and they'd let me in.

And then I just like, I really felt that I, I'd come here years before and I'd gotten to know, well, you know, people there. Yeah. And I almost like I had the key to the city.

And one day I realized, and this is when I wrote this note, I said, SF, the city where everyone knows you, everyone knows you, but it's the loneliest city on the planet. Wow. And the reason I had that epiphany is, you know, I think it's, I think Eric Clapton covered this song.

It's called nobody knows you when you're down and out. And I don't know the original songwriter, but the basic idea is that like, as soon as you're not cool in San Francisco, for whatever reason, your quote unquote friends, all of a sudden disappear. Your company runs out of cash and you have to close down.

You're, you know, something, something happens. You're, you're doing crypto when it's no longer cool. You're doing AI when it's no longer cool.

Right? Like for whatever reason, you're out of favor. Watch how these people that you met in a place like San Francisco, like how often they're going to text you.

So that was one big epiphany was that the people that I considered professional friends, a lot of them were, were merely there just because they're climbing their own ladders. Um, and the second thing I, I heard, I heard somebody say people don't want to be a part of the process. They want to be a part of the outcome.

Right? Totally. Totally.

And then the second thing is at COVID during COVID, I actually reconnected with my old like high school and grade school friends. And I started this like group chat with like a bunch of them. They haven't sold companies for a billion dollars to Google.

They are just regular people, um, with no audiences, never started a company, never sold a company, you know, read about venture capital maybe, but don't know really what it is. And just out of our world. And I realized that those people like salt of the earth people like that, they don't care.

Like if I sell a company or I have a million followers or don't, they just like, they just like me for whatever reason. Um, so that was a big epiphany around friendship. That was number two.

Has that continued post pandemic? Yeah. Yeah.

Awesome. I would say like, I have like two groups of friends now. I basically like have a smaller group of professional friends that are the people that might've been in SF, but we're actually my friends.

So I've trimmed that down from, I don't know, a big number to, to five. And I trimmed like, and then I have this new, like, well, new slash old group of friends that I've rekindled. You've built so many communities quickly.

What part of those two truths, right? About the San Francisco friends and the old friends informs the way that you think about the new communities that you're building now? Well, I think, uh, some of the communities that we build the quickest end up falling the quickest.

With respect to communities, when you build a community really quickly, you should actually be really cautious. Like great communities aren't built quickly. They're built slowly over time and compounded.

Yeah. So that's, that's the biggest lesson there is that like, I'd rather a community grow 10 to 20% a month, not 200% or 2000% a month. Right.

And I just think that that's just a more sustainable way to grow a community. And that's why I think I'm not a huge fan of venture capital and like venture funding communities, because I think what venture is, is I want to grow this as quick as possible, but the greatest communities, you know, it's oil and water with that. There's a, a psychologist from the seventies and eighties, a comedian psychologist named Scott Peck.

And he's written a handful of books, but in one of his books, um, the road less traveled, he talks about the four stages of community and he breaks them down into studio community, chaos, anger, and true community. Like the pseudo community is we both have this thing that we like in common. We both like AI.

We're a community together. Hey, like awesome community for people that like AI. And then you start to get to know people in the community and you're like, wait a second, you disagree with me about like all, like a lot of other stuff.

And then you go into chaos and there's like a chaos moment in a community, like small community, a big community where you're like, we don't actually agree on everything. Like, but like, like this happens with like sports fans or people that you went to class with. Like the thing that brought you together is no longer the only reason that you spend time together.

And they're like, man, I totally voted differently than these people. But we both like AI. What am I supposed to do?

And then you go through like anger and like despair. You're like, I don't, I don't, was it even real? Like did any of it matter?

But if you can go through that and be like, yeah, but you know what? I still pick them. I still want them to be in my world.

Like, yeah, we disagree about 70% of things, but the 30% of things that we agree on, super great. Like that's where our friendship is built. That's where our relationship is built.

That's where our community is built. And that's the, that's where we're going to focus on. That's the true community.

Not where everybody agrees about everything, but there's a guiding set of principles that say, Hey, the core basics, we're all in on that piece. It doesn't even have to be, it doesn't even have to be the original thing that brought you together. Like the way that we're operating is, is we're operating as a curious community.

That's the community we're operating. We just want to keep learning collective knowledge. What does that look like?

You know, the topic we all showed up for originally was crypto. We moved on to AI, whatever, but we're still learning together and we're making together better as a true community. But most people quit somewhere in between chaos and despair.

You said something, you asked a really interesting question when I was talking about the Lyft co-founder. You said, when did you know that he was the Lyft co-founder? Yeah.

Which is a really astute question. And it relates to this because when you're meeting people within the professional context and you, and you know what they're doing right away, it's very hard to build long lasting community. Cause you might be, you know, being friends with someone because they're the CMO of Nike or something like that.

I want to tell you a story about last week. I'm not particularly a religious person, but I went to a religious event and the leader of this community was like, Hey, like I've never seen you here. Would you like to have dinner with my wife and myself and a few other friends who are in from out of town?

I said, I'm a curious guy, right? I'm like, sure. So I show up to four hour dinner.

Not once did anyone at the table ask me what I do. It was just not at all. There wasn't even, it didn't even pop into it.

And by the end of this meal, like I felt like these were my brothers and sisters. So I think there's a lot that we can learn about community building from, from religion. I grew up a very religious person and have had a, a wandering journey.

Somebody called a prodigal son journey of my own where I was like, I was like, okay. Yeah. I, I understand all that now.

Like I know how to win at church. I'll, I'll see you later. And I kind of peace out for, for a while.

Well, I'll just say I peaced out for a while because that's just like every single person I knew growing up believed the exact same things that I believed. And, and they truthfully, a lot of them still do. Um, and, and so when I go home, you know, they similarly, you know, to your, your friends at home don't really know what I do.

Um, don't really understand a lot of those conversations, but they do ask a lot, like which church are you going to in New York? Right? Like it's the thing that they know to act and I'm not really that great, great of friends with a lot of those people anymore.

But in thinking about communities that are not built around what can I get out of this, but what can I give to this? Right. Which is what I think at its, at its pinnacle, at its best is what religious communities that I've had the opportunity to observe exhibit.

I think there's a, there's a chance for religion 3.0. If I'm, if I go through my Rolodex and founders, the number of founders that I know who grew up with some amount of religion in their life, pretty high. Like it's, it's north of 70%.

Like they grew up believing in something that they couldn't see. And so they're pretty comfortable being the startup founder because they're believing in something they can't see. Right.

This idea of faith is not weird to them. They're like, yeah, I spent my entire high school going to youth group on Sunday nights talking about things that I've never seen. And, but it made me like, it made me feel something.

So cool. And they pursued other things in their life that take some faith. But I think that so there were so many bad actors and so many, I don't want to say scandals, but so many reasons to like walk away from organized religion that people just like baby with the bathwater, throw the whole thing out good, bad, and definitely the ugly.

And we just all went internal to work on ourselves. And if that's 20 years, 25 years, it's just been, you know, the spirituality of you. What are like, what are you?

You are the God inside of yourself. And what I'm seeing in a lot of conversations I'm having is people looking to be a part of something bigger than themselves that will outlast them. And they're realizing it's not, it's not their startup and it's not their newsletter.

And it's not, you know, whatever thing that they're working on right now, they know it probably won't outlast them. And it's definitely, it's not a global worldwide thing, right? The chances of doing that, you know, we all believe Silicon Valley or we all, we all believe to the social network and we're like, oh my God, if Zuck can do it, I can definitely do it.

Like I'm much more well-spoken than that guy. And now we're kind of like, we're building things that give us joy and communities that are more about giving, I think are going to have a really big rise in popularity. I mean, I think that's why Burning Man took off.

Like look at the popularity of Burning Man like 20, like 20 years ago versus today. And it's just gotten bigger and bigger. Have you been to Burning Man?

I've been one time. And like describe what your Burning Man experience was and why it's a great example of community. Yeah.

But I'll describe it and explain why I'm going back this year. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah, exactly. So I had, I had been invited to go quite a few times and the idea of truthfully taking that much time to be literally off the grid, right? Because cell phones don't work there and there's no money there and everything, the barter system.

And there's not really like hours in a day. There's what do you feel like doing? Like go to sleep.

You can sleep. If you want to stay up all night, you can stay up all night. You know, I watched the sunrise eight days in a row, right?

The last two times I had not gone to sleep in between. Like I just, I just watched, you know, they call it the double sunrise and like sober. Like I wasn't, you know, I was not enhancing myself to make sure that I stayed up again.

I just was like, I finally clicked. And so I, I was, you know, I, I had two friends that were my sponsors saying, said, Hey, we're going to help you with all, you know, it takes a little bit to figure out how to get there and what you need to pack. And then they just kind of like got me there and we're, we're, we're friendly for the first day.

And they're like, all right, go experience it. And I, and talk about places where you can be curious because everybody there is just fastened by everybody else there. Um, and you know, a city of 80,000 people pops up in less than two weeks and disappears in less than two weeks.

And in the process, you have everything that you need if you fully friendly and fully there and no one knew what my name was. I, my, my, my player name, they call it the playa. My playa name was Beats.

They had no idea what I did outside of Burning Man. They didn't know my real name. They didn't know what my company was.

They didn't know where, truthfully where I lived. I was just a guy named Gates who was there for some music, there to play some games, eat some food, host a happy hour, whatever it was, ride our bikes. The third day that I was there, I went to one of my friends and this guy had been like 10 times, 12 times.

And after three days, I was like, okay, so I've had enough. Um, what do we do for like the next five days? Like I get it.

I get it. But like, I don't want to do this for another five days. And he said, he said, Andy, do you have a handful of friends here?

I was like, yeah. He goes, do you have more than a handful of friends here? I was like, yeah.

He goes, do they come multiple times? I was like, yeah. He goes, is it possible that in three days you have not yet discovered what they've discovered that makes them want to come back every year?

And I was like, so three days is not, is it enough to understand Burning Man? What? And, and that, that moment was just a pivotal moment for me that I was like, be more curious.

What am I not seeing? And so I started going off by myself more often. I started introducing myself to people who I didn't know and had no idea, you know, and I just started being umber curious and day four and a half, like if I could have, I just would have stayed for another three weeks because I started to unlock the spirit of curiosity of, and it's just, you're like, it's like you're on another planet and everything else just kind of fades away.

And there are people who definitely enhance their experience and people who, you know, that's what they're there for. Um, but I think that, I think that overall Burning Man, in my experience gets a bad rap for that. Um, that there's, you know, you're high, but it's not on a supply, right?

You're high on just this experience. And like, you know, they, they call, you know, when you leave Burning Man, they call it going back to the default world. Right.

Cause like you kind of, you, you logged in, you found this place and then you disappear, you know, back into the default world. And for, for a lot of people, it is a version of a religion that they need it once a year. They need that fixed.

Yeah. I wonder what I don't like about it is it's once a year, it's a pilgrimage to Mecca, but it's, you go back to your life and then you get back into your routines. Like, I wonder how you can incorporate like that same lessons in, in your, you know, in your everyday life.

It sounds like you are doing a bit of it, but it feels like a lot of people I know who go to Burning Man are just like, they go, they have a great time and then they leave. Yeah. On, on my final day when we were cleaning up camp, I said to, you know, a new friend of mine, I said to her, I said, I have so many things I want to do when I get back.

What am I supposed to do with this feeling of like, I got clarity on a decent amount of things because I was not around those things. I was completely detached from any interaction with, with those things, with those projects, with those people. And I said, I, and she, she said, write it all down as explicitly as you possibly can and then wait 30 days.

And if you still want to do any of those things, do it on the 31st day. And it was such a, it was such great advice because it, it allowed the, the, the experience I had to metastasize into wisdom, into ideas, into action, but it wasn't like, oh my gosh, I just heard this quote. I'm going to go tell the whole world.

Oh my gosh. I just had this experience of like, I'm moving, I'm moving to Switzerland. Like, no, it was, I guess I know what my, like what my urge is, but I was able to kind of sit with it and say like, what did, what actually is that?

And in that next 30 days, I ended a 14 year friendship, uh, longed out of a company that I was considering spending more time investing in myself. I said, you know, that's not, I like it, but I don't love it. Uh, I decided to marry my girlfriend, um, which I did, you know, four years later.

Uh, like, like I made a lot of decisions coming off of that, like being logged out state. And, and it wasn't because of burning it. I'm not telling, you know, you or your audience or anybody to like, you have to go.

But for me, it was what you said. It was a version of, you know, love as a service, right. A version of community at its best.

Um, that, you know, I just, and I saw, I saw a different side of people in those moments. I'm wondering if that's something that you should be doing monthly, weekly, quarterly. How do you think about that?

So I have, I have a pretty active journaling practice. And for me, the act of slowing down long enough to write what I'm thinking forces my brain out of its normal routines. And it's not the full burning experience, obviously.

Right. Yeah. But, but it, but it, it, for it, for me forces me to think differently because I'm slowing down long enough to actually choose the words and put them on a page.

I don't, you know, a lot of people are like, Oh, there's so many cool journaling apps. And there are, there's, you know, if, if that's your thing, like just journal, like that's the most important thing. But like, for me, it's slowing down to actually pen to paper, you know, seeing each letter as it comes out, I take as long as it takes, you know, to fill the page.

And that for me is a little bit of logging out because I'm choosing what is worthy of making it on a paper. And I don't write for a certain duration. I don't care how many pages I write.

You know, yesterday morning I wrote two sentences. That was it. That was all I needed.

But I had a place for the thought at a place for like, Hey, let that sit there outside of my head and let it be something that might turn into something. It might not. And, you know, I have a, I have to have a graveyard of projects and a graveyard of blog posts and a graveyard of newsletter headline that like I wrote them down.

Okay. I know why I thought that was good. Now that it's outside of my head, it's not as good as the hell it was, but sometimes it takes externalizing those thoughts.

And for me to paper, um, for me to really get clarity on like, all right, it sounded clever to me when it was rattled around in my head, but that's not actually the thing, but, but maybe it's by, you know, by getting it out of my head, I open up a little space for the thing to, to slot in. Right. There's a little more space, you know, I thank you for your advice.

And, you know, it's been super fun for me launching my YouTube channel four months ago. And, you know, I'm, I think one of my videos is about to cross. A hundred views.

So, you know, cool. But like the process of making these videos every week, the process of having that content out there has, I've never written more. I've never had more ideas than I do right now because of just taking things that had been sitting and I externalize them and now they exist in the world.

And if somebody wants to know what I think about things, there's a lot of stuff out there, you know, in the newsletter and on the YouTube channel, and I'm doing it and it's just, it's, it's as close to therapy as I've experienced by just creating. And I'm getting to know myself better in the process. So I don't do any journaling.

Although I do have like a notes folder, ideas folder and stuff like that. If I wanted to get into journaling tomorrow, let's say every morning, to me, staring at a blank page is a bit overwhelming. Like what advice do you have to someone who is afraid of the blank page?

I think it's the number one reason people don't journal is, is afraid of the blank page or they don't value, they've not described value to their own thoughts. What are those two? Well, the second one, the second one is like a bigger problem.

It's like, no, like every, your thoughts are valuable, period. Like, yeah, no. And, and, and, and I've seen people unlock that belief in themselves through journaling, but, but it was the reason that they didn't to start.

And so to start, one of the things that I, I've done and still from time to time do is, you know, my, my full name is Andrew Thomas Elwood. Right. And I have Andrew Thomas Elwood, right?

I want to write Andy a note as if he was Andy's executive coach. Dear Andy, here's what I observed this week. Here's the things that it seems like you're spending a lot of time on.

Here's the questions that I'd love to see how you dance and just, and you, it doesn't have to be, you know, writing the letters to yourself. Like you could think about dear future biographer. This week was really interesting for me.

Well, here's why. Um, the book typing, uh, is, is, is the, I think, you know, one of the best biographies business biographies out there. Uh, it's still the latchet ends of John D.

Rockefeller, but the Rockefeller foundation gave the author two years full access to John D. Rockefeller's journals. And so this book is unreal because it's, it's literally pulled from the journals and it doesn't have to be that she thinks we do right.

By art or kidney document, but you're capturing those moments. And it's like, well, wait, how would I explain that critical thing that happened recently? Like, I've, I've, here's a story I've told my friends, but what's the story that I would tell my future self that was going back and saying, like, what was going on in 2023?

Oh, wait, that's what I thought happened. Interesting. Um, you know, and, and so I have, I'm on journal number 20, uh, in the series that I'm on and, you know, I, everything that's happened since my first startup to now is in those 20 journals.

My last company islands, one of our investors was the co-founder of 24 hour fitness. They basically invented, actually not basically, they invented gyms like membership gyms, uh, in the early eighties. I went to go visit the co-founder.

I just give him an update about, you know, we had this acquisition offer from Facebook and I was so excited. And I asked him and I said, what's your biggest regret in your career? And he goes, my biggest regret is just not writing it all down daily.

And I was like, I said the same thing. I was like, yeah, but like, I just don't know. I just, I hate staring at a blank page.

I don't know what I'd write down. And he starts laughing and he goes, this story about going to Facebook and like getting an offer is insane. This is obviously not going to happen every day, but even in your, you know, that's a big moment, even in your little moments of you going to the coffee shop and you have a conversation with the barista that itself is an interesting potential story.

Journaling to me sounds like I just personally like have to get past. I just have to do it. I just have to like, I feel like for me, buy a, buy a journal that I look for, buy a pen and buy a journal, uh, that I'm excited to open and use.

I talked, I talked about this. I actually tweeted about this the other day where I want to double down on my YouTube. So I went and bought like the dopest YouTube camera equipment studio, that sort of thing.

And now I'm on the hook to record. So I think the question is, how do you put yourself to be on the hook for journaling? Cause it's, it's, it's, it's your accountability is to yourself because it's a personal thing.

I forget whose quote it is, but, uh, something along the lines of you wait until you're motivated. How cute action begets action, real winners just do it. And then they, they start to feel motivated as they go.

And, and I think that if you just started, you said, you know, similar to, you know, the founder of 24 hour fitness, similar to what, you know, like the reason, the reason I show up every Tuesday and Friday for my boxing workout is not because I actually enjoy working out. I really don't, but I pay my trainer one to train me, but more basically just to make sure I'm there. It's like a babysitter in some ways.

A little bit. Yeah. Yeah.

And I think that if you, if you said, I want to get into journaling and you reach out to, you know, your inner circle or some of your high school friends and said, Hey, for the next 30 days, would you be able to, to, to text me? You know, if you journal and I'll text you if I journal and just, you know, you just start there and say, I'm, as long as I write one sentence, that's it. One sentence every day.

That counts. Right. You know, like for some, some, there's a personal trainer who tells a story that when he's working with people who it's really their first time in the gym, you just ask them the first day to show up, they have a conversation and they go stand on the treadmill and turn it on.

He goes, okay, that's enough for today. See you tomorrow. And they're like, well, wait, where's the workout?

He goes, no, no, no. That was it. I want you to show up tomorrow.

We'll do, we'll do more tomorrow. Right. And they get, they, they have the conversation standing on the treadmill and they walk for one.

Right. And I mean, you can ease yourself. If you said, Hey, over the 30 days, I'm going to do one more sentence per day.

So day one, I'm going to write one sentence. Day two, I'm going to write two sentences. Day three, I'm going to write three sentences.

You would start to realize, Oh, but wait, I had more to say than two, just two sentences. I mean, it happens pretty quickly. Right.

The kind of flexing that muscle, you know, not, not to, not to plug, but I put together 30 days of journaling prompts, which are free on my website. Maybe I can go there and download them. If you know what?

Um, and you know, I've had a lot of fun, you know, with the responses that people have come up with, um, to, you know, they've told me, Hey, you know, day 17, that was my favorite. You know, thanks for sending that to me. Um, but because I really, it is for me, I feel like it's a superpower.

So the hack for my life, you know, I don't go anywhere without my journal in my backpack. Um, and, and it's, you know, something that I've always had, you know, close by because I'm, you know, and you know, I doodle in it. I take being media notes in it.

I write full journal journal entries in it. Like it's all in one place, but it's just kind of evolution in my brain as I go. And I, you know, I use much of the notes apps and notion and the notes app on my phone and like all that too.

But those are like for specific things that I want to be thinking about. You know, my journal is just flow of consciousness. Most of the time.

Two business ideas. One is an, an online journaling, you know, product that is kind of like social by nature in the sense that like every day, once you press publish, it tells like your friends. So Andy or whoever you've published.

So you stay accountable as a group. And then the other business idea is just like, you know, would I pay $99 a month or whatever, a couple hundred bucks a month just for the text from, you know, Andy or someone like Andy being like, did you write in your journal today? Yeah.

I love that. But I think that what you're tapping into, and this is something that I have, I have journaled about this. I have written this down on more than one occasion.

Journaling truthfully is a good jump off point, but, you know, I think it expands to learning in general, right? Is accountability as a service. So I was homeschooled from sixth grade all the way through high school graduation.

And so my mom would give me my assignments on the first of the month. And then it was up to me to just get myself done. Like that.

And, and I did that. And, you know, I was the eldest child. I'd never, you know, I didn't have friends who, you know, I had a lot of homeschool friends.

And when I got to college, people were like, oh my gosh. Like he did, he did check to see if we did our homework. I was just like, what do you mean he did check?

Like, what are you talking about? Like, you just like, if it's a sign, you just do it. They're like, you did it.

How'd you know? I was like, is it like he said. And I realized that like time management and just taking like personal responsibility to get the thing done was unique to the way that I started learning in high school.

And so college, that part of college was not challenging for me. But I realized in the more I've thought about like our traditional education system. And when I was seeing everything go online, right?

Like right now, there's no reason to go if you know what you want to be when you graduate. Because all of it is online for free. And you can just start being the thing like quickly.

But the accountability to actually do it is the reason people don't. Accountability and social aspect, right? Yeah.

Yep. Yeah. But I think you can get the social aspect by doing the thing.

Yeah. Right. And talking about it publicly too.

And talking about it publicly. Right. That's why I think that like if you're doing anything, talk about it publicly because you're going to attract other people that are going to be into it.

Yeah. But I really think that there's, you know, one of my ideas that I played around with is what's something that I've done. I don't respond so well to rewards, but I do respond really well to downside, to consequences.

So for example, when I was becoming the number one life insurance salesman when I was 23, which is in Texas. I'm wearing a full suit carrying a hard-sided briefcase. And I said, until I make my 20th sale, I have to park on the top floor of the parking garage and take the stairs in Texas in the summer.

So literally every single day as I'm walking up six flights of stairs in a suit carrying a briefcase to my truck, which has been sitting in the hot sun. And I'm like, I better freaking make a sale today. I'm so sick of this.

And so I thought about that. Another time I set a goal and my bet was if I lose, I have to donate $1,000 to my rival, my rival university's endowment fund. They don't care at all about my house and dollars.

Right. But that was meaningful to me at the time. Right.

There are things that I was doing that I said, these are the consequences. So I was thinking about this accountability app was if I put $50 on deposit in this service, I said, if I don't journal every day for the next 30 days, that $50 disappears. You can decide where it goes or however it sets up.

But you tell everyone, if I don't journal for the next 30 days, this $50 is going to be donated to a campaign for a politician that I don't like. People would be like, dude, are you journaling? Make sure you do that.

Don't donate to that person. But almost as I did, you get the money back. It's your money if you do the thing.

You can lie and say that you did it. But the whole point is you're putting something at risk. You're putting some price on establishing that habit.

And I think that's worth something that I think is totally worth exploring. Yeah. So setting up, what is that, negative incentives to motivate you to do the thing.

Yeah. I think, yeah, I think it's powerful. And I like that also just as like a framework for thinking about.

So first of all, I think accountability, massively underrated and underpriced. Yeah. Underpriced, underrated.

And I think negative incentives in our own lives, just thinking about what we can do to keep us responsible is important. Yeah. And I think that as there's even more and more people that are opting out of the traditional system, whether it be education or professionally, and they're saying, hey, I'm going to do this differently.

I'm going to do it on my own. A lot of the people that end up going back to the system go back because they didn't have the perseverance or maybe sometimes the accountability. Right.

Like being a sole operator, like is pretty lonely. Right. Like your team meetings are just every time you look in the mirror.

And if you don't do it, you're the only person who knows unless you like you do say, hey, this is the thing I'm going to try. I'm going to put out there and see if it works. Right.

Experiment. Feel fast. You know, cool.

I didn't get to a million followers on TikTok using AI. Whatever. Right.

I'm really excited to see what you do with your YouTube channel. I, you know, I've been thinking a lot about the, you know, that, that tweet. Um, you know, but, but you put a price tag, right?

It costs you something to even be able to say, hold me accountable. And that could be a financial cost. It could be a social cost.

It could be a time cost. Like it doesn't necessarily need to be money, but there has to be a cost associated with it to you. Greatness costs.

And that's why most people aren't great, frankly, because they're not willing to, to risk it. And I think it's, it's, it's, they're not, they're not willing. And this goes back to like curiosity, but they're not willing to be curious and fail and get rejected and put themselves out there and do it day after day after day.

Cause that's really what it takes. Well, and I think they're, you know, I have friends that are sitting on incredible ideas, but they didn't think that they would, they would do it. And so they kind of limited their options as to their ability to pursue it.

And they have big boy budgets. I mean, like they have expenses and they have private school tuition and they have a house and cars. And they're like, but I really want to pursue this thing.

And I'm like, you really should. They're like, yeah, but I need to be making half a million in like the pre-seed stage of the company in order for this to work. And I'm like, well, that's just never going to happen.

Like zero people, zero people will invest in that. And if you can't sell finance, like, like this idea is going to sit on your shelf until somebody else does it. And, you know, and I still think about it, you know, that, you know, my wife and I are both small business owners and we do our best to keep a pretty lean, you know, budget.

We have, we have, we live an amazing life. Don't get me wrong. But the fixed cost part of what we do, like we want to be as nimble as we possibly can so that if that next opportunity arises and we have to go lean for a period of time.

Okay. Okay. And, you know, that won't always be the case, but it's, you know, it's lifestyle by design.

And if you are somebody who wants to be able to take risks, like keep your budget as little, as low as possible. If you're just getting out of school, do not get a nice car. Do not get a nice apartment.

You are not in competition with your parents. Like, don't try, don't try and move into, you know, that neighborhood and impress people. Like, it's tough.

Like it limits your options. It limits your options so quickly. You know why it's tough?

Because you start making a little bit of money. You start going out to restaurants. So you like going to restaurants and then all of a sudden you're at, you know, you're ordering a glass of wine with dinner.

And then all of a sudden, like you're used to a glass of wine at dinner. Now, if you have to go start a startup and all of a sudden you say to yourself, well, now I can't have a glass of wine at dinner. You might not be able to enjoy that meal.

And that's a bit of the problem. So I think what you're saying makes a lot of sense, which is sometimes like don't get that glass of wine in the first place. You know, if you're serious about building a startup and if you're serious about putting something out there, if you're serious about being a solopreneur or a multipreneur or whatever, keeping your cost down is another one of the greatest strengths that you can have.

Yeah. It gives you options. Just top though.

Because like wine is great. Oh, no, it's absolutely great. Absolutely great.

Which, by the way, thank you for the recommendation at Tilly's. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

And the Greg came in. Greg gave me a great recommendation. I took my wife there for her birthday and it was fantastic.

And we ordered a really great bottle of wine and wanted to eat there basically every night. But to your point, right, we can't order or we shouldn't order that bottle of wine on Tuesday. Yeah.

Exactly. Like it's there and it will taste just as good on Tuesday as it did for her birthday. But it is really hard to shed those habits if you get accustomed to them.

And I think going back to our conversation about friends, that's where in some ways, my experience, people stop being curious. People stop trying new things. People stop getting rejected because they're accustomed to life being a certain way.

And trying a new thing, like downsizing for the chance to supersize. I'm not so comfortable with that. And I think that if you have the chance to stay nimble longer, you have the chance to go a lot further.

Could not agree more. Someone who listens to the pod, actually. He's a Fortune 500 client, exec at a Fortune 100 maybe.

And pays late checkout seven figures a year. And he came to visit me in Miami. And I picked him up in my Volvo, which is like six or seven years old.

And he just starts laughing. And he's like, honestly, I did not expect you to be driving like a seven-year-old Volvo. And I was like, oh, I love this car.

You know, it's perfectly fine. Like it's safe. Like it works.

Like, you know, I love it. And he goes, oh, I just figured, you know, you would have like a, I don't know, a big Mercedes or Bentley or Lambo or whatever. And I do it because I do want to keep my cost down.

And when there's opportunities that I'd rather take that money and grow my business versus like grow my burn rate. Exactly. Yeah.

Grow your business, not your burn rate. Yeah, literally. Andy, I could talk to you for hours.

I want to thank you for coming on the show. I think you're criminally underfollowed. Literally.

It's a crime. Um, so where, where could people get those, uh, journaling prompts and follow you on the internet? Yeah.

So andyellwood.com, um, and just the, the journal, the journaling tab is on the homepage. And, uh, I am at Andy L Wood with two L's on all social platforms, uh, and pretty easy to track down. If you, if you type it out, it looked like, and yell wood.

It looked like, so when I walk into my boxing gym, people go, what? And when you walk on the playa, people go boots. Exactly.

Exactly. But no, it's, uh, you know, I, I tried, I tried to be as generous as I can with the experiences that I've had. Post them on, on, uh, on andyellow.com.

And then, and then my newsletter is make room, um, uh, maker and so many. So love to see people there. All right.

Enjoy it. Everyone later, Andy. Thank you.