What you're looking at here is my X account. In the last 12 months, I've gotten 171 million impressions, almost 900,000 bookmarks, 100,000 shares. It's driven millions of dollars a year to my businesses.

And it's also been a lot of fun. In this episode, I brought on J. Ice Cream, Jonathan Courtney, where we talk about a framework that I use on how to build an audience just like this.

I've never shared this document before. It's how to build an audience in 2025, the four-step playbook. I know you'll enjoy this episode.

I can't wait for you to go through this with me and Jonathan ask some great questions and give some good feedback. I love this episode. It was super fun.

It sounds basic, how to build an audience in 2025, but this is actually the sauce for how to do it. It took me 15 years to come up with this playbook. I'm sharing it with you for free.

I hope it's super valuable and enjoy the episode. I have a document of how to build an audience in 2025 and how I would do it. And it's a four-step playbook.

Should we go through it? Hell yes. And also, maybe link it in the...

It's going to be linked in the description. Linked in the show notes. Okay.

So how to build an audience in 2025? And just pipe in with questions as you come... Pipe in.

Because I'm a plumber now. You're a plumber. Yeah.

Right. You're really in the whole plumbing thing that's taken over your life. Totally.

So I have this framework. I've bet my entire career on this framework. I've built all my businesses around this.

It's called the ACP framework. So audience... A stands for audience.

People in your niche who are passionate about the topic and underserved in some way. Community. C for community, which is your hardcore people.

And P, product. It's what you sell to those people. So this is the...

I just wanted to preface it that if you're going to build an audience, think of it as ACP. Start with the audience, then build the community, then build the product. I just want to double down and say, you're...

I wish you could... Can you just post this every single day on your X account? Yeah.

Because the product first approach works for some people, but the audience first approach gives you so many options, also gives you so much confidence when you release something and people actually use it. There's nothing more soul-destroying than launching something and zero people are using it. And I don't...

And I understand. That's also the thing that people will say in this, in the comments. Like, if you're a crazy, super funded startup with millions and millions and millions of dollars to spend, okay, maybe you can start with the product because you have years to burn and you can figure out marketing later or whatever.

But for a bootstrap business, starting with the audience is the most... That's what you have to do. It doesn't make sense to do it the other way around.

Exactly. Dig the well before you need the water, whatever. That's some saying I heard.

Totally. Yeah. I should add that to the document.

Dig the water. Dig the water. What is it?

Fuck. It's dig the well before you need the water or something. Dig the well before you need it.

Water the well before you dig the people. I can't remember. Piss in the well.

Yeah, there it is. Yeah. Okay.

And then, so now that you understand the ACP framework, you're going to want to start with identifying basically who you're creating for. So, the way I think about it is, like for me, I'm focusing on like people interested in startup ideas and building it, building their startup ideas using the ACP framework. So, I basically exclusively post and consume content from people who are in my ACP startup ideas world.

So, that's identify who you're creating for. Then, really important, understand what they're not getting from others. So, what can you do to stand out?

Not, like a not enough people, it sounds so simple, but not enough people actually take stock as to like what other creators are creating and then how you can be different. And then, Can you elaborate on that for one second? So, understand what they're not getting from others.

Can you tell me what you recognized that your audience was not getting from others that you were able to give? Sauce. Sauce.

So, like, for you, sauce is like not holding anything back, just here's exactly everything. You know, execution's one of the hard parts anyway, so ideas, you're just giving them for free, you're not holding anything back. Is that what you mean by sauce?

Or do you mean like ketchup? I'll just give you an example. I tweeted about how I think that there's this opportunity to basically for vibe coders to band together and to build free versions of very popular legacy SaaS companies like DocuSign, like Figma, like all the Adobe stack.

And I give a playbook for how I would do it. Now, this is something that I'm actively interested in. So, I'm giving away the sauce, but it's not like I'm giving away the sauce because I'm like, well, you know, here's an idea, no one's going to execute on this.

Like, some people, a percent, maybe it's, you know, a tenth of a percent, but a tenth of that percent is going to go and execute against this and potentially compete with me on it. But I'm okay with that. I'm okay with it.

So, there are downsides, you do have, there are, you know, downsides potentially of giving away the sauce. But, yeah, my point is, the larger point here is, you want to stand out. And it's really competitive now.

So, just try to create, you know, and the way to stand out might be by, you know, making, you know, sharing a lot of videos, sharing a lot of images, giving away sauce, writing long stories, figuring out what the format is, which is something we'll talk about next. I'm satisfied with that answer. Quick break in the pod to tell you a little bit about Startup Empire.

So, Startup Empire is my private membership where it's a bunch of people like me, like you, who want to build out their startup ideas. Now, they're looking for content to help accelerate that. They're looking for potential co-founders.

They're looking for tutorials from people like me to come in and tell them, how do you do email marketing? How do you build an audience? How do you go viral on Twitter?

All these different things. That's exactly what Startup Empire is. And it's for people who want to start a startup but are looking for ideas or it's for people who have a startup but just they're not seeing the traction that they need.

So you can check out the link to startupempire.co in the description. Cool. And then I just have here, note, if you aren't getting engagement, start one level broader than your niche.

You need engagement for reach before you can specialize sometimes. So sometimes people, they'll start like an X account for example and they'll be like, but I'm not getting any engagement. engagement.

Well, it's because you might have picked such a small niche that you're just not getting fed to the app for the For You page. So sometimes you have to be a little more broad and then you can go a bit more specialized. I want to squirt in an exact example from my company here.

We wanted to get known for being, back in the day, we wanted people to know us about like we're doing design sprints. Basically, we wanted people to look to us for that topic. Back in 2016, it wasn't an interesting topic on the internet.

So we kept trying and trying and trying and no one would watch our YouTube videos. Eventually, we kind of drew this, like I sat down with my team and I drew this funnel and like at the bottom of it, I was like, we want people to get to design sprints here, but like what are the things that are more interesting to people? Okay, looks like design thinking is more popular than that, but it's still not very popular.

What's like the thing above that? And at the time, we just said it's UX design. Like UX design is like the super broad, super popular topic that we can funnel them down to the more specific thing later.

And so we started making UX videos on YouTube. And the annoying thing is those UX videos on YouTube are still our most popular videos. Like one of our most popular videos ever is a Figma tutorial, even though that's nothing to do with what we do at our company, just because it went so we needed to go so broad to bring them back to what we wanted to.

So that was a situation where we were hitting a wall with a topic that just was too niche at the time. And so we had to broaden to UX, which was broader. Is that sort of what you mean?

Exactly. That's exactly what I mean. Yeah, that makes so much sense.

That's actually pretty important. Yeah, it's really important. And the other thing that's really important that no one talks about, about how building an audience is just formats.

Like building, that's step two in the four-step playbook. You have to figure out what your format is. So what is a format?

First and foremost, let's define what that means. A format could be something like how Naval does these one-line banger tweets that are very philosophical. He'll say these philosophical tweets, one-line.

He's not doing long videos or long-form tweets or something like that. He's being very concise, he's being very clear, and he's being very catchy. And that's him.

Now, someone like me on my ex, what you'll notice is I do a lot of long, long, long-form. I write really, really long stuff. But that's because I want to give the sauce.

I can't give the sauce in one line realistically. So what you need to do if you're trying to build an audience is to pick one format for each business day. And the goal here is you're going to land eventually on one format that's going to crush it for you.

That's the goal. goal. But sometimes it's kind of like startup buildings.

Sometimes you have to try a bunch of different things in your startup to see what's going to work, and then you double down on the thing that works. So the way to come up with your format is to look for formats outside your niche. Copying what's saturated in your space makes it harder to stand out.

If you're just going to try to compete with Naval and try to do one-line bangers, you're going to lose realistically. You have zero followers and he's got millions of followers. So the way to compete with Naval is actually not to copy with what Naval does, but look for formats outside of what that Naval niche is and see if you can apply that to your niche.

So for example, maybe a format might be like philosophical memes, something like that. And then the last thing before I'm curious your thoughts, the last thing here is you want to consider, actually there's a few more things. You're like you just scrolled and realized you made way more things.

Yeah. Well, let me continue, let me finish formats and then I'd like to get your opinion on it. So you want to consider what's working platform wide.

So for example, short form video in 2025 is working. Therefore, it might make sense. If Naval was starting in 2025, maybe he would do short form video because the algorithms are favoring short form video.

So consider what's working. You got to be silly not to consider what's working. Focus on what feels natural and enjoyable to make sure you stay consistent.

I stayed consistent over almost 20 years of creating content in X because I found what was fun for me to do. If you don't like creating video content, chances are you're going to churn. You're going to stop creating video content.

So focus on what feels natural and enjoyable to stay consistent. And then test for 90 days and let the data tell you what's working. If you're going to build an audience, let's say on X, you have analytics there.

If you're going to build on YouTube, they've got even better analytics there. All these platforms have analytics and you're silly if you don't look at the analytics and see what's working and let the data tell you. And then the last thing on format is remember that formats have life cycles.

So what I mean by that is a format might be really popular and then it kind of like dies down and then people start ignoring it. So you always have to constantly reinvent yourself. now that the life cycle used to have two years.

Now it's like sometimes it's almost like two weeks. But just be aware that formats have life cycles. So you always need to be looking at what other people are doing just so you have fresh insight into formats.

This is really great. Can I like I have a couple of questions questions for what I'm imagining some people in your audience are going to be wondering. Maybe I'll start with a statement.

Looking at this it really reminds me I recently listened to an episode of Tim Ferris' podcast. No one should listen to that. You should just listen to this podcast.

But I was just you know doing some research for your podcast Greg. I would never listen to anybody else's podcast. Seth Godin was on there and he said he had this great statement which was you know he'll sometimes talk to people who are just like they've just finished a book or they've just finished making a product or they have the idea and they've got everything ready and then they're just and then they're like oh yeah now I just have to market it like everything's done now I just have to market it.

And he said something along the lines of no that means you just started because that's actually the hard part. Getting people to actually pay attention to what you're doing is so much harder than often just doing the thing and making the thing because often that's like something you're passionate about. So for me I think a lot of people listening to your podcast might not understand the seriousness of what you're saying here which is ACP is in order the A is first the audience is first from what I understand from this that's also your kind of thesis that the goal here is to start digging the well to start bringing together your people so when you do have something to share with them when you do have something you maybe want to sell or whatever it is they are there for you versus trying to claw that together when you have a product and it also takes a long time so it's not something that happens overnight building an audience is like I don't know doing index funds it builds the dividends build and compound over the years and so yeah I think one thing that I'd love to hear from you is like what would you say to the people which there will be in the comments who say oh it if they if you build it they will come like Apple you know they you just build a great product and people will use it like what do you say to those types of people it's not I'm not saying they're wrong of course there are edge cases where this happens but what do you think about that like if you're investing in a company and I was the CEO and I was like we're going to work on the product for two years by the way you're our investor you have to pay us and in that time you know we'll just release the product and everyone will want to use it so okay well first of all we have to agree that if you build a product you need to sell that product and if you sell that product you need attention and there's two ways to get attention either you get it organically or not organically another way to say that is free or paid so if you're starting a startup especially if you're bootstrapping it of course it's better to not pay for it than pay for it and it's better for a few reasons the first reason is by going through this four-step playbook you're going to be at one with your audience and community and that's going to allow you to make a way better product with a better moat and a more indispensable business if you figure if you go through this versus you just cheat so to so to speak you rent the audience you pay for it if you go through this four step playbook you'll be able to be able to create better ads in the future right I'm not saying don't do ads I'm just saying that the best ads start by being organic first and then like you you know some of these formats you can just use and promote and and for example like I'm sure I can write a saucy startup idea you know post and promote it via ads too and it would work as well I just don't do that because I don't particularly have a product I'm selling but I but I could you know and I think that's the best way to think about it and with the free free versus paid it's not just like but would you view it as like a if someone was starting a business a bootstrap business or even an agency or a small business would you say it's not even an option like you actually have to do this like if you're not planning on running ads so you're not planning on doing paid I you kind of have to do this or else you just everything has to be just your small word of mouth network I I find it very difficult to make the case in 2025 to not be on social and not be going through this playbook I I just I really don't understand why you wouldn't because this is your unfair advantage this is literally your unfair advantage absolutely I'm going to continue I want to go to systems because the reason I included systems by the way is because some people would you know if I just did audience and formats like you know you you might just stop doing it basically and I want to I want you to have systems so that you actually do the ACP funnel and you actually go and build build an audience so let's start from the top so build your creative faucet routine so find what gets your creative juices flowing so this could be starting a fresh account following 50 people in your niche and you know it might be that but it also might be what might get your creative juices flowing might be like going to in-person events it might be going for walks and listening to podcasts like I don't know what it is but figure out what your creative faucet what turns on your creativity create you know build that routine and then I have an ideas capture system so I use just Apple notes literally where I write out some idea that comes to me while the creative faucet is going and that might be when I'm on a walk and I might just like write down like this one idea for a potential tweet or a video idea or a newsletter for Greg's letter my newsletter but have an ideas capture system why I use notes and not like a fancy notes app is because it's everywhere it's simple and I'm just trying to make it simple set set weekly time to turn your ideas into products content so what I mean by that is I think of my tweets you know podcast newsletters almost as products like that I think I think of like I think of them I was like minimal viable products so you know every Friday for example sometimes I'll go and or actually not sometimes on Fridays what I do is I turn my ideas and I and some of them are bad some of them are good but I turn them into long form tweets maybe newsletters and I'm not you know I don't work with post bridge calm but uses you could use a scheduling tool like post bridge or another scheduling tool to so that you just like don't have to think about it and it's scheduled and then the last thing is for the systems piece is be strategic with timing so match platform timing to audience behavior and mindset so what I mean by that is you're probably you probably shouldn't post on LinkedIn at three in the morning on Saturday night you know what I mean yeah so post went also post when topics are relevant so like the why not now matters if you're gonna go post about deep seek in like it's too late bro you know like that worked a month ago it does not gonna work as much now look for opportunities to join trending conversations so this is news jacking how can you jack the news jacking yeah how did I that's something I do but I think it's kind of different to what you're talking about there yeah I think so too I think so too but can you tell me that news I thought I was the only one talk more about your news jacking behavior I thought I was the only one who news jacked okay well maybe we can move on from that put out content when it has the highest likelihood of success that's the way to think about it this is the systems you need so that you can actually put stuff out in the ether and do it with some level of consistency love that and this is amazing I love how I just came with a random topic and you're like oh I've already made an entire Google Doc full of stuff for this and I haven't posted this publicly by the way oh great so it's secret it's secret only in this episode this was this is something I I I did a AMA and in startup empire and I just started writing this out but I haven't posted this publicly not because I've been gatekeeping or anything just because I it's in my it's actually in my like I was going to post this publicly basically I think you've been gatekeeping it to be honest yeah I've been gatekeeping no I was I think it's important like I have like a bunch of of things like this where it's like if I'm not feeling creative for whatever reason this is like evergreen content that like how to build an audience like it's evergreen I can always just post it everyone always needs this information literally last thing on the four-step playbook pick one primary goal now for example what are you trying to do you trying to get to a hundred thousand followers in 12 months are you trying to get to a twenty five thousand email list are you trying to sell a million dollars through social just pick one thing a lot of people here pick like multiple things no just pick one thing and then measure the effectiveness of your formats against this goal and you can do that on a every 30 days 60 days 90 days I think 90 days is is good enough but just make make sure you're tracking or else you're you're gonna get a bit lost and then just remember that attention is scarce build it as an asset treat your content like a product approach it with the same rigor you'd bring to a job you know you you might look at an aval tweet and be like he just came up with with this on the toilet but I bet you he did it I bet you he used a system like this to actually toilets yeah maybe multiple toilets he might have been on newsjacking on two different toilets he's never going to come on this podcast now classic naval classic naval optimize for your goal not vanity metrics I like that yeah yeah I think I think a lot of people want to get to followers for example but I think what's more interesting is like for even for this podcast like one of my you know one of my metrics is comments and like positive basically positive comments so I care less about subscribers and more about positive comments more the ones where people say we look like brothers yeah that's my number one metric the one that we look like a brotherly comment yeah the breath positive brotherly comments I wish you're I wish you weren't trying to get people to listen to this podcast so you could just name it stupid shit like this because that would be the name of this episode positive brotherly comments yeah that'd be so good yeah just start don't get stuck on analysis paralysis be patient growth takes time I started twit on twitter almost 20 years ago for it took me it took me until 2020 to get to 10,000 followers and I only really skyrocketed in 2020 but it's because I had I it took me 15 years basically to come up with this format and took me five years to execute against it and I can't think of anything more valuable than this document like if you just do this amazing yeah if you just do this document like you will win okay I want to have your yeah I was going to say like you can have this you can have a full-time job and do this on the side you can go if you want to go build a startup you can make this a part of your routine like it doesn't matter who you are but I just can't think of anything more important than this it's really amazing and I think it's definitely something that would be cool if you're sharing it in the in the description description here because it's super helpful what is like the so someone is like right now listening to us talk and they're a little bit like oh my god like this is so cool but I'm slightly overwhelmed if you were just to give someone one tactic or strategy to do on repeat let's say they choose a platform let's say they choose x or they choose LinkedIn whatever and their goal is to just grow their audience so that they can grow their newsletter so that they can sell things whatever what would be the thing you'd say every day just do this thing to get to the first you know to start getting momentum would you say it is the replying tactic for like to get this I think sometimes people need a sense of momentum and confidence that there's actually a point to do this thing so that they get like this dopamine hit from it working and I'm wondering what would you say is like the perfect way to start something like this that doesn't feel overwhelming I think x is the best place to start because no matter what you're building because it'll allow you just to experiment basically with formats and x is the best place to be a reply guy basically yes so I would say if you need a little confidence boost and you need a little dopamine being a starting as your MVP and as a reply is probably what you should do for like 90 days to see that's working and then tweak at 90 days well you'll you'll also be able to you're kind of like experimenting with formats through replies so it's going to give you ideas on which formats to to create through the replies it's also a way less daunting to reply than to post on your own profile and that's because when you post on your own profile it's like Jonathan Courtney is posting this although you'll say my opinion this is my like I'm telling the world this thing you're not you're not scared of that you know for better for wars I think a lot of people do and I understand why they do they're kind of they're feeling they feel sometimes that they're being judged by the content and that's another reason why I think x is a lot of better is a better place than for example Instagram posting on your personal Instagram where people who you know see you as this particular person all of a sudden you're talking about this like niche topic business oriented topic they're gonna be like I didn't follow you for your takes on AI for you know I followed you because like because you have great abs because you have great abs that's why people follow me on Instagram it's true can I I don't know how much time we have left but I I have a couple of like things related to the why of growing an audience why I think like do you have like 15 minutes left or is it done or all right well I think that the end result there's like a I have a couple of different ways of looking at this because the beauty of this conversation between Greg and I is that Greg is currently putting tons of love and effort into building an audience and it's working like crazy and I'm lazy on the other side I like six years ago I started building an audience I started building our YouTube channel our Instagram LinkedIn all of this kind of stuff and then I sort of just got a little tired of it and I turned down the no like I turned down the amount of effort I was putting in and the crazy thing about it is that the dividends that it still pays today to just have done that six years ago is unbelievable like it's you're you're building some sort of like a crazy resource or like a what would you even call it like asset yeah it's an asset or it is like this well it's you're building something that you can keep taking from and keep you know getting benefit from even even if you eventually lose let's say the the mo your mojo for it so it's not one of those things that you have to like it's it's not like this treadmill that you have to be obsessed with now for the next 80 years I really pushed hard for about four years and the this the results of this I'm still benefiting from today and just an example of that like I'm bringing it back to the beginning of the podcast this like product or whatever it is that I had I had a thought about this morning the cool thing about having an audience the cool thing about you know moving maybe some of those audience to an email list eventually or having them on on LinkedIn or whatever is that when the time comes and maybe some of you guys saw this in our in our circles over the last few weeks we were doing a big promotion for this clickbook we you and I were talking about it that's when I then decided to switch on my social media like and ask for something for the first time in a long time and the results of this are crazy and this is something that just doesn't work if you don't have an audience there's like nothing can come with it an audience is so unbelievably valuable and also like Greg your audience size is also extremely valuable to other people like if you ever wanted to just say you know what I'm just gonna do sponsors like I don't want to run my businesses anymore it's too stressful you could make crap tons of money just having your podcast or doing sponsored posts or whatever it is not not saying that's your business thing but it gives you crap tons of options and I almost look at it it's it's like if you build the system that Greg is talking about we're not trying to sell you anything here by the way it's just like if you do the thing Greg talks about you almost get like this ability to switch on revenue if you have an idea for a product and I love that I love the idea of just being like well in three years time if I'm if this company is not doing well or if I don't like this job then all I have to do to generate revenue is come up with an idea that this audience will enjoy or this audience will find valuable or this audience hasn't had yet and that makes life and business feel much less tense and also much more predictable it's so much more predictable like you know we were talking again before this podcast and and we just know like when we're looking at something like that it's like oh yeah that that would make this much money if you have no audience if we had no audience it would just be like this is a cool idea but like how the hell will we find anybody to to you know what I mean it's a completely different world you live in when you have an audience versus when you have no audience at all and you know even the companies where you think oh these guys don't do any social media and they still are successful like I don't know maybe you look at a company like base camp and you're like oh they don't they stay away from all that stuff Jason Fried and his co-founder wrote books that literally were New York Times bestsellers as a way to bring attention to their companies like they're they every person who makes things that are interesting uses a lot of or does marketing either organic or paid and I think organic marketing is just one of these insanely powerful tools for you just getting more options for your life and your business so that you're also not stuck to having to do one thing like if there was a crazy recession tomorrow Greg and let's say all your companies just failed and all went bankrupt if you had no audience at all and you hadn't been doing this I guess you'd be a lot more worried than you would be if that actually happened today I think you'd be like that really sucks but also I also wanted to make this thing for a while so let's see if my audience likes that I mean I think the the number one reason why anyone should create an audience is to have something to fall back on yes it's insurance that's the word I was looking for it's like an insurance it's an insurance pot it's an insurance policy so it's it's like okay I'm gonna dedicate four hours of time per week to this and what do I get out of it well for one I get clarity into my into the into this niche I care about which by the way that itself is huge like clarity in the sense of like okay I understand what these people want why they want it their motivations their incentives that that that whole thing two is whenever I need something from this group of people at some point in the future I could tap into it just as if you tap into you know your retirement account this is your retirement account right if you need to build a business build a startup you can tap into these people as potential customers beta users that sort of thing if you want a job all of a sudden you have all these people who are in your niche that have built in trust that you can message and be like hey it's a recession right now but you've been following me for the last four years you know I'm really competent at XYZ can you hire me and I guarantee you that's gonna work better than randomly applying on a LinkedIn post it's so so goddamn true it's a feeling it's like the feeling of something to fall back on a feeling of a bit of safety yeah also financially I mean like it sounds ridiculous to even be sharing this but I'm going on a trip to Japan soon and it's gonna be very expensive and I was kind of like there was something I wanted to book but it was very expensive right you actually recommended it to me and I was like this is really excessive but then I was like but all I have to do is just have another idea for this to not like to bump give the business a really big bump so that it doesn't feel as silly to do this and that also is something I'm just so grateful for that I can just be like oh let's just let's just do this thing because this is something our audience would appreciate this is something that people who follow me would find valuable and also it then mentally for me offsets some of the what I perceive to be too much lavish spending but it's something I want to do and so I think this is a this is the this is very difficult to do if you don't have some if you don't have an audience to present stuff to and I'm not saying every single thing you'll present to them will work but the fact that you have the fact that you can be like I'm interested in having this life experience and doing this thing and I to do this would like to have a like an increase of this much money and then you can just go okay I'm gonna turn it on then I'm just gonna switch that on because I have the energy because I have the creativity right now having an audience allows you to also use your creativity because you're not then trying to figure out how will I get people to actually see this so you can focus on making something interesting focus on making the coolest thing and then know that you can just sell it it's really I guess people are gonna be like yeah I can imagine the first comment here is we get it build an audience yeah we're like trying to really selling the idea but it's it's just so it's so important yeah what are you doing like what are you listening to this podcast even at this point it's like now you know just do it it's like why not why wouldn't you do it you're looking at Greg and he has you know crazy crazy audience guys I have been very lazy on the social media front and I want to give you an example I started a blog two years a blog two years ago because I was like old man yeah exactly I was like something yeah exactly what is that oh children would you like to see my blog I started a blog and a podcast with it which wasn't even on any sort of schedule it's unscheduled and I half-ass ran that now for the last two or three years and it has a very small audience very very tiny but whenever I tap into it the first time I tapped into it was like a year and a half after I launched it and I really it's it's like the after one year there was like 2 000 people reading it or something it's very tiny but even with that audience because my niche in that case was business owners who are making more than a million already I was able to run an event that brought in like 70 000 dollars from that tiny tiny amount of people who were reading my blog so it doesn't have to be that you become as successful or as prolific as Greg I think that would be a great target to have because you know if you aim this far then you can only fall this far whatever definitely the stars and then you land on the moon exactly definitely don't aim for the moon because this guy is the you my lazy my laziness level is just because I am like kind of whatever I built my businesses already and I'm I'm being way and I'm European whereas I don't have that let's call it what it is let's call it what it is I don't I wish I had I wish I had Greg's like enthusiasm and energy but I want you guys to know that you know I I post on LinkedIn maybe two times per week I write my blog maybe once a month I post on x maybe once a week and that's way less useful and successful than the way Greg does it but it's still better than nothing it still has an outcome and I think the like the the barrier to entry to building an audience people are often like embarrassed about just not having anything to say not having anything to give because they're like oh there's already a billion people out there talking about the same thing well just start the way that Greg talked about start replying to people you'll find your angle you'll find your voice you'll find your format and then you'll find your specific way of talking and figuring things out last thing just because other people are talking about a topic that you are interested in let's say facilitation is one of the topics I talk about well the other people talking about facilitation don't look like me they don't sound like me and they don't act like me so even though I'm often saying the exact same stuff because we're all pulling from the same pool of information around facilitation some people want to listen to me specifically talk about it because of the way I talk about things and some people are very repelled from the way I talk and so they want to talk about listen to the other people so I think that's another thing people think that there's no point in jumping into talking about startups Greg like there's plenty of people talking about what you talk about but you talk about it in your specific way even even down to like with your vibe with your energy with who the amazing people you choose to bring into your inner circle and on your podcast like J ice cream uh your your angle like your own personality will make what you do different just automatically by who you are so there's a there's a quote in this book uh from Derek Sivers hell yeah or no and he said like stop trying to be original sometimes just doing like bands that are successful often started out as cover bands and the more covers that they played the more like the more it became their own thing and it's like he said it's like an imperfect mirror so even if you try to copy someone you're going to do that in an imperfect way that makes your version special oh I love that it's really it's it's fascinating I think even the most successful products out there you know that you know fortnight the video game the most successful video game of all time what's that what's fortnight okay okay you're joking but this is a essentially a clone of a game called pub g and it when it first came out I remember being like oh my god that is so like embarrassing like how much of a clone that is even the fact that they fly in and get dropped down and then it just became it's it's it's it's the same general idea now but has its own vibe its own thing it became something completely different and then there was another game that came out which is like the it's called apex legends which is a clone of fortnight which also became successful and became its own thing and had its own it was like a clone of fortnight and overwatch a little bit and so with your content originality is not the goal in the beginning you're going to accidentally become original by just being yourself and having your own life experiences drop the mic that's the point I was trying to make for the last 10 minutes boom okay I that was amazing I'm fired up uh before we before we end on that video game note and on your x account note you tweeted this is your tweet which by the way there was one like to the tweet I was the only person this is a perfect example I got one like that's guys all of you procrastinating on not posting I got one like and I'm fine with that what was it no never played a monster hunter before but I'm loving wild the loop is so simple and satisfying so I'm guessing monster hunter is a video game yeah and I don't know why the no is there that's not supposed to be there that's a mistake yeah so this is yeah this is an example of not to do start the j ice cream format is just start not copy my x account it's so bad yeah just start it with a no okay so my question to you is what is monster hunter a good game should people play it I'm really enjoying monster hunter wilds I'm playing it on ps5 and if any of you guys want to play it with me because it's an online game please put your uh like monster hunter code in the comments of this video and I will connect with you I'm desperate none of my friends play video games it's so annoying everyone's so serious everyone's like doing like real stuff and I'm like I also still want to play video games so monster hunter wilds I've never played a monster hunter video game before super satisfying loop by the way um relating to content a lot of my content on my more successful channels not x is inspired by video games as well so I'll often be playing a video game and I'll take an angle from it and turn it into an article or a video so that's like something where one of my hobbies really influences the content that I create and that makes makes it different I talk about video games a lot you know cool I love it this has been great j ice cream jonathan ice cream jonathan courtney j ice cream you call him what he is what he isn't he's the best uh we're honored to have you we're honored to have you and uh this has been a lot of fun thank you for having me on thanks to the audience for always being so kind in the comments uh much appreciated and um please download that are you priming the are you priming the audience to be kind because you don't want positive positive comments and I would also appreciate positive comments about my hair I should have said this earlier because uh people I guess on youtube don't always listen till the very end but you I would like some positive comments about my hair and also about my biceps okay maybe we'll do a little poll who is better looking oh no don't do that dude I'll get fucking ruined no no no no no no no no it's it's it's we're equal we're basically the same looking we're the same guy I think you're like uh you look more vital I look more used up than you somehow I look like a very tired version of you you look like j ice cream looks like if greg eisenberg went to a prison in berlin for like three months wait are we the same age or you don't want to say your age I don't know I'll say my age how old are you I'm I'm turning 37 next week oh wow yeah happy birthday I'm 36 okay so there's actually no excuse for me to look this tired shit I was hoping you'd say 30 and I'm like I don't know that makes sense for real I I you know well well actually a question do you uh do you have a nighttime skin routine I I'm lazy with it I do put on a moisturizer but I I the answer is no I put a moisturizer on like every so often and then I don't wash it off until I have a shower so the answer is no okay do you when I was 30 years old a friend of mine who I think at the time was 42 or something he his gift to me was uh the nighttime moisturizer basically and he he told me he was like the reason I have I I'm 42 but I look 28 is because I've been using this since I mean this is crazy he's he had been using it since he was 17 what is it like what's the brand of it like he was retinol and other stuff he was using keels so he gave me keels I don't use keels now I use like a fancy one what is it I want to know I want to know how to look juicy it's called I think I heard uh Tim Ferriss Kevin Rose people like that use use this cream this night oh shit dude I have to I have to go I'm really sorry so on the next episode we will talk about our uh nighttime routine and what cream views all right yeah sorry dude I didn't realize I have a call right now later love you bye bye bye bye you