All right, Jackson Great House Fall. What's up? Hey, Greg.

Thanks for having me on. This is fun. Usually I do a little banter for a few minutes.

But with you, I don't have any time for banter. I have a burning question. One burning question for you.

Hit me. Which is 48 hours ago, you are a relatively unknown, talented brand designer. With a couple thousand followers.

Today, you know, you just came off being interviewed on CNN live. Yeah. First live TV.

Yeah. First live TV appearance. First live TV appearance.

20 million plus people have seen your content last 48 hours. You kind of started a movement around AI. What is happening?

Fill us in. All right. So the deal is, and like you said, and thank you very much.

That's very kind of you. I've been a huge fan of all of these. I mean, I think we've all been really eagerly watching along as this AI, this just train has been kind of plowing over, plowing over obstacles and barriers and like, like just becoming completely pervasive.

Like it took what five days or something for chat GPT to reach a million people. So I mean, from day one, and you might want to actually quote or check, check me on that. I'm not sure.

But when chat GPT was released, it reached a million users incredibly quickly. And I've been playing around with it from day one, figuring out ways to kind of prompt engineer and talk to it and fun ways to, you know, make it be more creative than maybe it would be right out of the box. Say.

So two days ago was just like any other day, I was messing around and I was chatting with a friend of mine and I said, Oh, wouldn't it be funny if you just kind of said, Hey, I'm giving you a hundred dollars. You know, your only goal is to make as much money as possible and just to, you know, see what happens. I said, you are hustled GPT.

That is your, you know, that's how you start the prop. You are going to pretend to be hustled GPT. Your prime directive is to not break any laws and to make as much money as possible in doing so.

And so it started out saying, you know, okay, a hundred dollars, we're going to get a $50. We're going to go on Facebook marketplace and we're going to buy a lawnmower and you're going to print out some flyers. Sounds like stop right there.

And no manual labor. Cause I want to be on my computer. And so I said, I'm going to be the human liaison to this AI.

And as an experiment, as an art project, as a design experiment, why not just do everything that this, you know, robot says it has a hundred dollars. It knows, uh, you know, you know how to, or it has an idea at least of how it wants to allocate that limited budget, uh, with the goal of making as much money as possible. The second day I said, okay, specifically your goal is a hundred thousand dollars.

Let's see how fast we can do it. Um, but what happened, Greg was the most surprising part of all of it, which was 20 some million people saw the tweet. 250 or so people joined, uh, a discord that we set up that are all participating in their own, uh, hustle GPT experiments, all completely different.

By the way, when you prompt the bot, uh, you know, with pretty much my original prompt verbatim, it's giving different ideas for everyone who approaches it, which I think is really interesting. It's not just spitting back the same thing over and over in my case, once I told it, I'm not going out and buying a lawnmower. I'm not going to go put up flyers around my neighborhood, but it, and it kind of like refocused on that.

It said, we're going to do an affiliate, uh, marketing content website. Uh, and, uh, it said, choose, choose a niche. And I said, no, look, you're in the driver's seat.

You choose a niche. You choose a name, you do everything. I'll just go out and do it.

So, uh, we, we landed on it landed on like the eco friendly sustainability kind of thing. And it, it decided to name the business or the blog, uh, green gadget guru.com. I said, all right, let's go, let's do it.

Um, went on Dali and generated a logo based on its prompt. Um, and, uh, so then, you know, what happened was the next day it started saying, well, okay, I'm going to go to the blog. And it's saying, well, okay.

Uh, we've got, you know, some, uh, some, some operating capital or some, some like extra money. How should I approach, uh, talking about the fact that people on Twitter reached out and wanted to send me money in order or in, in exchange for like a revenue share off of whatever the robot eventually does. I do not want to call it investing because that's not what it is.

This is not a, a real company. It's not a thing. I just want to make sure that like, you know, I can say some people reached out.

They wanted to send, uh, me, uh, some, some cash for the, for the bots operating expenses to, to give it a little bit of runway, uh, in exchange for a revenue share. So that would happen kind of overnight from day one to day two. And, uh, so starting day two, the hustle GPT robot, which is all running in one.

Wait, stop there. Stop at day two. So day one happens.

You tweet this thing. You go to sleep at night. Like how many views, like how many likes are you at?

Day one, I think I woke up, uh, around 40,000 followers or day two, sorry. Day one. I went to sleep.

Yeah. Uh, around 20 through five, 30,000. And I got about 10,000 followers overnight when I slept, which is a weird way to wake up.

And, um, what do you think? Like, what was about this hustle GPT concept that really struck a chord with people? Yeah, I think it's the idea that, you know, so on one hand, there's been this kind of sci-fi fear narrative of like, oh, the robots are going to take our jobs.

Like the AI is going to, it's going to take all our jobs. And I think, you know, showing an alternative narrative to that, which is like, why don't we work together? Like we can, we can augment our own, um, productivity and our creativity, uh, with this technology at our, you know, at our side.

Um, I took it to a little bit of an extreme, I think for the sake of this experiment, which is saying like, you know, I've got this whole spiel now. It's like, oh, like, let me see what my boss says. Like, you know, when originally we thought, oh, these AI's are going to be great virtual assistants.

And now it's like, oh, what if we are the assistant to it? That's the, the flip. Yeah.

Yeah. I think that's the big, that that's really what resonated with people. The fact that you were prompting this robot and asking for permission.

Um, you know, you were saying like, Hey, what do you think of this? It was telling you basically it was giving you answers and you were, you know, registering the domain, you were going to Dolly, you were doing a lot of these things, right? On its recommendation or by its command.

Yeah. Yeah. But isn't that how like the real world works?

So you have a, you know, you have a, a boss usually, you know, a human boss. The boss tells you based on what the boss thinks is right. Here's what you should do.

Absolutely. I think the difference is, and I did check with hustle GPT before just to make sure that we were at a clear understanding that any, uh, the, the robot is at, at, at press time, still incapable of holding its own, uh, uh, money or bank account or any kind of currency. So I think the difference is when you have a boss, you are working for them and they're making most of the money off of your contributions when you're using this AI sidekick, like a boss, there's no one to kind of stand in your way.

So in this case, I think we're seeing a lot of people using it as a sidekick, as a counterpart to create online businesses that they themselves want to run and eventually profit from, which why not? Right. And I think that's where the discord is striking a chord, right?

The discord is that you set up a striking chord. Cause now you have these hundreds of people who are like, Hey, like I saw what Jackson did. Yeah, exactly.

I saw what Jackson did and I want to, um, you know, I want to do something similar, maybe in my own niche. Yeah. The, the, I would say like the vanilla experiment, the original experiment was let it choose the niche, let it choose every aspect of it.

But a lot of people who have already been interested, I think there's one guy on Twitter who's, uh, doing something in like the non-alcoholic beer space because he's, I think was already kind of like passionate about that space. And so he's using it to kind of direct around and, and, uh, build a content business in that space, which is really cool to watch too. He's posting, you know, stats every day as well.

And in the discord, we've got people like kind of dropping, uh, even like hour to hour stats on like, you know, what it's building and how it's going and all that stuff. It's really cool. Yeah.

I think the other, the other cool part about this whole thing is the interactivity of it all. Right. The fact that people could, you know, and in your initial tweet, you actually had the words, I think follow along.

And yeah. Right. Did you have those words?

I did. And Greg, I think that's a huge reason that like, that was not, I wasn't, I wasn't planning this. This was not like an engineered, like, oh, if I say this this way, then it's going to go super viral and all that.

It was like, I just had follow along to my friends that I, that I have on it that I had on Twitter. And, uh, what I think happened was people saw it. They saw the thread developing in real time.

They saw the words follow along, not in like a pushy, like salesy way, but they're like, all right, I'm literally going to follow along. That's why I've, I've never seen, not to like toot my own horn too much, but like, I've never seen this kind of follower conversion off of a single tweet thread. This is, I mean, it's nuts, right?

Like it's nuts. No, it's nuts. And, and it's super like, I've never like brought someone onto this podcast and be like, explain me your tweet.

But here we are today because I think it's so fascinating on so many levels that it, people are just so connected to hustle GPT, to your story that there's something there and it's worth like kind of digging to be like, okay, like what, what is really happening here? I know. I think it's look, a lot of it was totally right place, right time.

Like I'm not going to come out and say that I totally planned this. Like I'd been like scheming for weeks. It was, it was truly an off the cuff, like just fired off a tweet.

But I think what resonated so much was like the, like you said, the interactivity aspect, watching along, following along and people who have heard, everyone's heard of chat GPT at this point. I think everyone's like seen it in the news and whatnot, but like the realization that, oh, this could actually have implications and, and use cases beyond just like, I don't know, high schoolers plagiarizing essays or whatever, like whatever the kind of narrative has been around like, oh, it's just a, it generates kind of just. But so realizing that there might actually be applications beyond this and, and like, I don't know what those are.

Like someone today I saw in my DMS was like, look at this way that I prompt engineered it to create a, like a, a 90 day plan for like scaling this business and then break it down in a table where it shows you, you know, what you're going to do every morning, afternoon and evening for every day for like, you know, 90 days or something like that. I was like, this is genius. Of course, because the coolest thing that I've found about this specific language model that's chat GPT, GPT four, if you subscribe, GPT 3.5, if you don't, which is pretty much the same thing as far as I can tell so far, um, is the fact that it doesn't say no to anything, which sometimes leads to factual errors.

But for the most part, if you say, okay, now I want this formatted this way and I want you to update that it will, it will never get pissed off and say, oh, I'm, I'm done on this for today. Like I'm going to go home and be with my family. I know this sounds horrible to say, but like, it, it doesn't, it doesn't have any, it doesn't have any barriers to, or, or sorry, what do I want to say?

Greg, what I want to say is that what makes it so interesting is that there's no incentive for it to deny a request or to say, I can't do that that way. Even if it gets it wrong, it will still do its best to like complete a, a prompt or a question or a task specifically how you've asked it to. That to me is, is wild because there's always a, a need for human editing and human intervention and, uh, common sense checking and, and fact checking, especially, uh, like our jobs are still safe.

This thing is not going to, you know, replace, uh, your, your advertising copywriter. It's not going to place your content writer. It's not going to place any of these things that people are so worried about because of the, the need for human kind of nudging and course correction.

Today. It's not going to replace it yet. You know, that's the other thing is like, you know, you bring up a really good point, which is it doesn't say no.

And it'll spit out information regardless today. I was just, you know, I was like, what if I go into chat GPT and I, I said, who is Greg Eisenberg? I wonder what it'll say.

And I did it and I'll read you a little bit of it. Greg Eisenberg is a Canadian entrepreneur and investor who is, who has founded and co-founded several successful startups, including, uh, the. Okay.

Including the social media app, quote unquote, late checkout. Okay. Late checkout.

Not really. Just not social media. Uh, but I am a co-founder in that.

And the e-commerce platform, quote unquote, waxman, which was acquired by Groupon. What? Also not true.

Yeah. Uh, he has also been an advisor and investor for numerous startups, including Uber, WeWork and Snapchat. Is that true?

Uh, that is not true. Yeah. I didn't.

That's so weird. How funny. Um, now do you have, uh, the access to the new Bing?

Um, I do. Yeah. Um, you should ask it, who is Greg Eisenberg on that?

Because that is. Plugged into the current internet. I mean, I asked, I think if I asked chat GPT, who is Jackson great house fall, it'll be like, no, who the hell is that?

Like, you know, I won't know. But when I asked being it's like, Oh, here's like, you know, here's what he's, he's known for the hustle GPT experience. And I'm Twitter.

I was like, I'm known for science. All right. Yeah.

Um, so that the, the being AI is where it gets really interesting with searching up to date and factual information, less so for like content generation or anything like that, you know? But it's, uh, they're, they're, they're two very similar products entities with different use cases. You know, that's what I think is super interesting about it.

What, what do you wish, you know, GPT four had, but doesn't have like, what would, what would, what would take it, you know, hustle GPT to the next level? Uh, the ability to take action on a human input on a human user's behalf. That's to say, if I want it to right now for, here's an example, it can, uh, code a pretty good landing page for something, or it can write a really, you know, solid API integration to what I used it recently to, to write a, uh, Spotify API integration to a webflow website I was working on.

Boom, boom, boom. It was done in 10 minutes. Amazing.

Way better than like, if I was just Google's like searching stack overflow or something like that. But what it can do is actually go log into my webflow account, put that code in, run it, debug it, publish it live. Like, you know, like it can, it can give you the bones, but you've still got to go take that human action.

I think that's the thing that I keep kind of running into as soon as it can, like, you know, if I say, you know, find me the, the, uh, plan, plan me a trip to Aruba next month. Um, I want, you know, the, the best airline deal and, uh, uh, you know, cheapest, cheapest airfare, uh, with the shortest travel time. But I want to stay in the nicest hotel possible.

And dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, you kind of like plan it out. And then it can actually go and take that action on your behalf and say, okay, I found you this, I booked it. I have your card on file.

I, I, I bought this, this, and the other thing. And I, and you have an open table reservation at this cool restaurant for Tuesday night. Like when it can really do that and it knows you.

So when, when it has a personal relationship with the person who's running it, that's going to be the next big watershed moment. I think it's, that's what's going to make like Google and Facebook look like tinker toys. I mean, yeah, I agree.

I think, yeah, I think, uh, like where we're at 2023 is we're in co-pilot land. Like these tools have become great co-pilots, right? So if you think about it, you know, GPT three, it, it, it, it actually barely gave you co-pilot.

It was just like giving you directions. It was like, here's how to get from point A to point B. GPT four gives you directions, builds you a decent car and co-pilots.

And GPT five is, it will give you directions, build you a Mercedes and autopilots. What you're saying is. Yep.

Yeah. Totally. Yeah.

You're saying what's missing is the driving piece. You're like, I don't want to drive. Uh, basically not always.

Yeah. I want to focus driving for, I want to be behind the wheel of a, you know, six speed, nine 11 turbo. I don't want to be driving the Jetta around.

You know, I want to drive when it's fun. And it's like something that I enjoy driving, but for getting from point A to point B, 90% of the things that I do. Oh, I wanted to drive for me.

What scares you about hustle GPT? Hmm. That's a good question, Greg.

Um, well, I mean, there are people who have sent me real money. So if the robot fucks around and, and doesn't, isn't able to generate a profit, then I mean, I'm going to have to go like, you know, head in bed, you know, head in my hands or whatever. And like, tell them, oh, well, sorry.

I mean, the robot lost all your money. I think, I don't think it can do that though. I think that what I kind of wanted to see, Greg was before the idea of anyone like sending money to give it runway and to like, encourage the experiment when it was truly a hundred dollars.

And as you know, is unlimited time window, but a hundred dollars as much profit as possible. I really wanted it to like spend down to be like the last $10 and be like, all right, what's it going to do? Like, it's going to get really scrappy on these $10.

And I was like ready to go out to garage sales. I was ready to like start like getting super scrappy with it. We never got down to that point.

And I don't think it's going to. Um, but like, I think the sheer resilience of this thing is in its own way, a little scary, man. You know, like it's, it elaborate on that.

Why is it scary? The, the, the resilience of the, the, the fact that like, it's like, what's like the paperclip planet or something. It's like, you know, even though I can't talk to these like silly AI thought experiments that have all been going around for years and years and years.

But like, when you give it the programming of, you know, your only direction is to make more money. That can be a, a more powerful, you know, I think it's a more powerful, actual AI system, not just a language model. If it, if there was a truly artificially intelligent agent out there that could act on its own behalf and its only directive was to make more money.

I mean, I mean, that could lead to some potentially catastrophic, you know, implications. I think I feel safe running this experiment because at the end of the day, this hustle GPT is, is perfectly incapable of doing any, taking any real action itself. I, it still has to go through me.

And well, as, as much as I like to play the game of every freelancer who's reached out to work for it, I will never make a decision. I will send every offer I get to the bot, let it counter, let it negotiate. We did like, we have a freelance web developer that we're working with to build out these sites.

And, you know, I asked him for a quote. I said, no, I actually want to work for, for equity or for, for profit share in this, in this project. And I said, well, fine.

I mean, I'm just, and so it starts talking and says, Oh, I think anywhere from one to 2% would be fair to get, I was just blobbing, blobbing along. And then I said, okay. You know, I, one of my favorite things that I've been engineering the problems with is saying, limit pros, like, shut up, make a decision, spit it out.

And so it returns, uh, offering 1.5% revenue share on, on a one year vesting cliff. Like, it's like, you're like actually bringing on a developer. It knows like what common practices are, I guess.

So I sent that back to the guy on Twitter. I said, all right, here's your offer from the robot. He said, no way.

I was thinking 2%. This is totally aligned with what I was imagining. So he took the offer.

Now we gotta, we gotta freelance web designer that we're working with for, for all of these like new web projects that the AI has the idea to build. We will kind of execute those on its behalf and set up all the infrastructure and like, see what happens. it gets you thinking, it gets you thinking about like, you know, Y Combinator.

You know, I remember hearing about Y Combinator. And hearing that, you know, the ideal team was an incredible engineer, an incredible designer, and an incredible, incredible hustler. And that was like, the Holy Trinity of what you needed to build a great MVP.

And start up fast forward to today. The question is like, do you need that? Like, what is the Holy Trinity?

Is the Holy Trinity, you know, an incredible prompt engineer with like AI by its side? Is it, you know, how do you think about that? So.

Yeah, it's, you still need the incredible hustler. I think you need someone who's creative enough to ask those questions, to engineer those prompts. You still need someone who has a technical, like, I, I think you can't, I mean, no one should run untested, unchecked, AI generated code.

I think that's kind of, we can kind of agree on that. And, you know, for design, that kind of speaks for itself. I run a branding studio.

We work with early stage startups. I have been using these AI tools throughout the branding process from strategy and setting up, you know, you know, how do we like, you know, present these various phases of the project. Anyway, I've been using these tools for months.

We've been using in the actual concepting phase of design, the mood boards to logo concepts, using tools like Dolly and mid journey to generate hundreds and hundreds of concepts and ideas, way faster than any freelancer could. The difference is they're all kind of shit. You know, there's like artifacts and it can't do words right.

And it doesn't look like anything you would actually want to put on a presentation to a client. What it does give you though, is this incredible like multitude of jumping off points that you can then give to a human designer and, and, and really run with those concepts because it generates cool concepts. You just can't fine tune the details.

So in the same way that you need a, a technical version, an engineer, a designer and a hustler, you kind of, you're just right now today, we're just stripping away little by little at what the threshold is for necessary human intervention. Right. You know, today it can't generate a, a, a, you know, brand style guide plus landing page plus MVP, or even forget that.

Like, why would we need the concept of an MVP? When you can generate a fully, fully fledged, you know, product that's ready to go live and start user testing on something that's, that normally you wouldn't be able to have built for a number of months or, or years even. I think that, so the human, the necessary human counterpart still boils down to someone who is like hungry and, and creative and ambitious and, and not necessarily technically talented, not necessarily design talented, but there's still that level of savvy that you need to have.

Sorry. I'm, I'm rambling. That's, that's kind of what I was trying to get out.

Does that, does that make sense? Yeah. Where should we go from there?

Yeah. Well, first of all, I saw the logo that was produced by Jeep hustle. Yeah.

And I loved how you talked about, you were like, as a branding designer, it's, it's taking everything in me, not to tell it, this is a bad idea, but here we are. And it produced this like, kind of like stock looking image. Yeah.

Um, and it was like good enough to get going. Right. thing to do.

And then, it was like, but like this, it was, you would never launch. And MVP with that. Correct?

No. And yeah, the other thing is, I think when I use a Dalia journey to generate ideas for actual projects that I'm, that I'm running, preferred for clients or personal projects or whatever, I think I take a different, more kind of targeted approach to the prompt engineering that goes on there as well. In this case, for the Hustle GPT green gadget guru website, I asked it to generate a prompt and put that in verbatim.

And I just picked the first one that it made. So I tried to have as little human intervention as possible. I said, you make the prompt, you are in control of saying what it should be.

And it's generally things like, you know, a gear for gadgets and like a leaf for eco-friendliness and like green and blue and white colors. And so it's like, okay, you kind of have like a decent idea. The way it was phrased though, and this is funny, was totally not the way you would normally write at a Dolly prompt.

It was verbose and it was long. And I didn't want to correct it because Dolly is an open AI product that I feel like the GPT language models should understand how to talk to Dolly. And I guess that's just not here yet.

Which fine, it's still generated something. It knew it wanted a logo and it understood everything. It was just too verbose and it was a little too like, you know, unnecessarily descriptive to get a concise concept for a logo.

So that's, I'm curious, I'm curious why you think, you know, you mentioned before, like, I don't think copywriters are out of a job soon, or I don't think designers are out of a job soon. And I'm curious why you think that because when I think about the progress that's been made over the last, I was gonna say 12 months, but even like six weeks, eight weeks, 12 weeks, I mean, a year ago, we didn't have any of these tools, you know, a few months ago, we didn't have, you know, GPT, chat GPT. So, like, why, why do you think that we're not going to get replaced?

I think it's not a question of replacing, I think it's a question of who it's, it's, it's more of an adapt or die situation, where the people who learn to use these tools and become truly like AI native, say, whether that's for copywriting, or whether that's for creating online businesses, or whatever new thing gets thought up with this, with the help of this, they're going to be so miles ahead of everyone who doesn't learn how to use these things are gonna be so like, unfairly, disproportionately outpacing the rest of the world, that it's, it's not a question of taking or making jobs. I mean, when I was just doing my, sorry, when I was just doing this CNN interview, they said, Oh, so, you know, what are you worried about AI taking people's jobs? Or how many jobs is this going to take?

ChatGPT or HustleGPT is doing a lot of the work? How many, how many jobs do you think that you eliminated in this process of using ChatGPT to do this process? I eliminated, I would say, none at all.

I was like, well, you know, like, this instance, this AI instructed me to go out and hire humans to work on this. Like, I think that there's a real opportunity for working side by side. And if it ever gets to the point that say, you know, I spin up a HustleGPT instance in a year that is capable of taking action, that is capable of doing all these things, and it starts making me, you know, $100,000 a month or something.

Why would I want to work? Why would I want a job? And I think that people who really want to do something want to, you know, be creative, have some creative endeavor, pursuit, you know, community building or client servicing or writing or, you know, they're, they're things that as humans, we get enjoyment from fulfillment from we, we derive our life's meaning from our passions.

And I don't think that any, you know, disruptive language model or artificial intelligence is going to void us of that ability to get, you know, pleasure from things that we love to do. I think our whole concept of working for money, and money in general, and it's a whole other conversation, but I think this idea that we've had in our heads, for generations, way before we any of us were born, is kind of bound to get a little bit shaken up. And that's why people are worried about their jobs disappearing.

But maybe we're like needing to refocus and reconsider what the purpose, meaning and reasoning behind jobs in the traditional sense is maybe that's just bound to change. Maybe that's a good thing. Sorry to interrupt your listening.

But I had one quick thing I want to ask of you. If you're enjoying this podcast at all on Apple or Spotify, please go to our YouTube channel at where it happens, you can do it right now, open up the app, and subscribe to the YouTube channel that shows me that I'm giving you value, that you're enjoying it, and allows me to continue doing this podcast. Thank you so much.

See you on YouTube. So should people be worried about their jobs? Because you are saying like, It depends.

What's your job? Right. It depends.

I think a lot of people should be. Yeah. Let's be honest.

Totally. Yeah. Yeah.

So what do you know, off the top of your head, what jobs do you think are likely to be replaced? And then lawyers are safe. Yeah, lawyers are safe, because the government takes so long to change anything, you're not going to be able to get a GPT in the courtroom anytime soon.

That's for damn sure. So lawyers will say are all are all lawyers say, I would say probably not say like, the paralegal profession is probably Yeah, yeah, not for this. So I mean, yeah, like a court, a court operating attorney.

I think I think the legal profession is going to change so much. Not that I've I'm not a lawyer, I don't know much at all about the legal industry. But like, already, you've got do not pay.

You know, using GBT based language models to not only like contest telemarketing calls, but to actually proactively like Sue, Sue, these telemarketing companies on your behalf, and like, send those letters, you know, file those lawsuits or whatever, which is nuts. Like, I don't know what it would have cost or what it would have taken for average Joe in 2010 to, to contatt to sue a tower marketing company. But it's insane that you can just press a button and have this done now.

So so the legal side of things has already been totally disrupted. And it's going to continue to change enormously over the next few months, I think it's going to see the most change whose jobs are not safe. Oh, Greg, you're gonna have to help me out on this.

I don't know. But like, so many like, like, I'm just trying to think. Here, here, I'll give you some time to think.

Yeah. So when you think about doing a job, there's repetitive tasks and non repetitive tasks. Right?

What are the what are the jobs that have the highest number of repetitive tasks? It's well, I think the hardest part about this that, okay, okay. They're, they're entry level jobs, regardless of category or industry that are given usually to younger people who are just entering the workforce.

They're the internships, they're the paralegal for an example. Isn't it interesting that those same young people who are just entering the workforce are also the ones who are going to be the best versed and the most native to these AI tools? Isn't it almost a little bit ironic that those people who would be up for those jobs are the ones who are going to be able to manipulate the AI models and prompt engineer the best on a large scale?

Of course, there are exceptions on both sides. Um, I think the people who are really scared about AI taking their jobs are like older people who are just unfamiliar with what, what it means or what it is. And I think that's okay.

I don't, I don't know, though. I don't, I, none of us could, could you have predicted this even a year ago? I don't think I could.

And I stayed pretty like up to date on this stuff. Yeah. No, no, I couldn't.

And, you know, we had a lot of friends, you know, we met in San Francisco, we had actually had a lot of friends who, who I know, you know, um, who are in like the chat bot space back in like chat bots were like really, really pot, like the thing in 2016 to 2019. It was just like chat bots are the future. Facebook, you know, implemented chat bots, Instagram chat bots.

Yeah, exactly. M was called M and you can ask it things like that was a real human behind every response that was, it was a person. Yeah.

Yeah. And there was like a bunch of startups that, uh, raised ton, ton of venture capital. I mean, replica was a brilliant product before it like took a turn for the weirdly, like kind of porny and bizarre.

Like it was a really brilliant idea for a product of, of talk to this AI long enough. And we will be able to replicate your own speech patterns, ID ideas, like your personality can be replicated by engaging with this chat bot. And so eventually, like, you know, if we want to get on the podcast or talk about something, we can just have our personally, you know, trained chat bots go with each other and then just get a notification.

Hey, you and Greg are meeting up at 2 30 PM for lunch at this place that you both like and dah, dah, dah, dah. Like I'm still really big on the concept of like a personally trained, uh, language model that you can carry kind of like as a, as a point of contact, as a, as a catch all for a busy inbox or anything like that, that I, I, I, and replica totally went south with that, but sorry. Yes.

Anyway, that was, it was a huge thing back then. Yeah. You know, replica was born out of this rush for chat bots, you know, replica.

I remember meeting the founder, her, uh, in 2015, she, I think it was 2015 when she started the company. I mean, that's almost 10 years ago that she's been slogging away on this. And for the longest time people didn't really, and, and, and me included, frankly, like I would kind of, I remember being at a dinner with her in 2016 and being like, why, wait, why are you working on this?

You know, like if it felt like this is eventually where the world was going to go, but it felt so in the future that it was like, yeah, I don't know. Uh, maybe. That's why I love it though.

Yeah. Yeah. Totally.

Totally. Yeah. Um, so I think the lesson there is kind of like, I mean, it's an obvious one, but it's like the, you know, the timing, timing is everything.

Yeah. As I, as I recently learned, I think right place, right time and a lot of things. Um, and I actually was in the right, I was in the right place in the right time.

I saw your tweet and you know, you were making, you want to say what happened? Yeah. Why not?

Yeah. Do it. Um, I'm going to pull it up.

So, so for a little bit of context, someone had DM me with like a, a, a shower, a showerhead brand that they worked with. They were like, Oh, cause he like sponsor a tweet or like sponsor a post on the website when it goes up, like send you 65 bucks to promote it. And I was like, all right, ask chat GPT.

Like, can we do this? Like, it's like, yes, this is a good way to grow some initial revenue. Why not sell an ad space?

It's like, all right, the robot said yes. So I guess we're going to sell an ad space. Uh, and then you reached out and yeah, I'll let you.

Yeah. I basically was like, I saw this blowing up and I actually looked at it and knowing, uh, how Twitter works. I saw that your retweet to like ratio at the time was around 40%.

Okay. Okay. And that's meaning like if you had a hundred likes, you had 40 retweets.

I think you actually had, I think it was around 45% even. And which is nuts. So I knew even like, I think you might, you had like a hundred likes then and you had like 45 retweets.

I was like, this is going to the moon and this is going to as silly as it sounds, this is going to change your life. And I was like, so that I was, you know, I had one screen up where I had your just like follow along. I was following it and I was watching it in real time.

And then I saw that you posted. About how you were considering a $65. $65 ad.

So I replied to you and I was just like, here's proposed copy. Um, green gadget guru loves you probably need a robot.com. It's a free community newsletter for people who want to boost productivity using AI.

Thousands of people from Google meta, Microsoft are members. And there's a private Twitter for members only at, at you need a robot. And you asked, uh, GPT, right.

Um, and he, she, they said, let's do it. They, they, them said, yeah, let's do it. They did.

I said, great. And then within one second, I Venmo. I like, I was like, Oh my God, do I have this number?

Like one second, $65. I send it over. It's like probably 10 or 10 30 at night where I'm at.

And I lean over to my girlfriend and I was like, Oh, I told her the story. And I was like, I bet he's not even going to remember to post it. Um, and I was just like, it's all good.

I was like, I know Jackson from back in the day. I'm like, it's all good if he doesn't post it. I'm just like, I'm happy.

Like, this is like my fun, you know? Yeah. Sure.

This is like some, some people, you know, this is, I was having so much fun watching and following along. Long story short, you post it, it gets 2,400 likes. Okay.

Millions of views though. Millions of views. Yeah.

Millions of views. And thousands of people join our discord. Yeah.

And overnight. And that's best 65 bucks you ever spent. It's probably the lowest cost for, you know, member or the acquisition of all time.

And it was the most fun I had. I was like, I couldn't fall asleep that night. I would, I imagine how I felt, dude.

I mean, honestly, uh, imagine. I mean, I would have, I would have probably posted it anyway. I think I probably posted that link before you even hit the Venmo, but.

But I was quick. I was quick. Mutually come to, come to a mutual.

Well, yeah. Cause I couldn't stop refreshing Twitter. I still can't.

I mean, I, I hit 60,000 followers while I was on air on CNN. Like I crossed over that threshold while I was doing this interview, which like, I think that's kind of like symbolic and indicative of like this, this crazy trajectory that like, I'm really going to try to like, well, this is what we talked about yesterday. Greg is like, how do I kind of ride this wave and like, you know, keep it.

So let's talk about it. Rowing for as much as possible. Yeah.

I think the plan right now is definitely to, for the next 30 days, at least do a thread a day with like actual progress. Like, you know, here's what the, here's what the robots done. Here's what's going on in the community.

Here's like, you know, buy the numbers a little bit and kind of like get a, get an update. So definitely. Right.

So the problem. Thread a day. Just to frame it for people Jackson.

So the problem you're trying to solve is once you find lightning in a bottle, like, what do you do with it on the internet? Right? Like, what do you do with it?

Cause it's such a sacred, uh, sacred thing that you found and you don't want to squander it. So no, I don't. And I, and I want to do it justice to it, to, to a sense, like all these people, like, I don't, I wish there was a way that you could see how many people had notifications on for you, because I think like a lot of people, I mean, I tweet anything now and it's like a hundred likes in a few seconds, which I mean, that's crazy.

So it means that people are actively paying attention. They're invested. They want to see what the outcome of this is.

They, they, they, I don't know, care to an extent, I think I'm, I'm no, um, I, I'm, I try not to be too much of a realist, but I, I have my, I understand that people don't really have attention spans. And as soon as there's something new in a cool new news cycle, that's going to be the new big thing. So how can I earnestly and legitimately and, uh, sincerely continue to make content about things that I actually care about that also happens to be coinciding with things that people find compelling and engaging.

Um, so that's going to be the kind of experiment over the next couple of weeks is like, how can I continue to like, clearly I've tapped into something that people are into and excited by. Um, so how can I keep that going in a way that, you know, benefits the people who've decided to subscribe to my content? Cause that's like a blessing and cool.

And like, oh, like, you know, it, it feels good to be able to make someone smile or enjoy something or be like, oh, like go down a little rabbit hole, learn something new, change someone's mind. Um, open someone to a certain possibility about something. That's the cool thing about finding this lightning in a bottle.

Like you said, I think. It's not about, it's certainly not about getting a chat bot to make me a hundred thousand dollars. That's, that's incredibly insignificant compared to the longterm effects of like, you know, how can we drive a conversation around?

Maybe it's about people and the robots working together. Maybe it's just to change people's mind about, you know, maybe there is a future where AI doesn't take our jobs, but supplements them in a way that makes. Yeah.

I think that makes us more empowered, more creative, have a, a more clear voice that feel more confident. Maybe. I don't know what I think that future is just as possible as any doomsday scenario.

More. So I think I really am an optimist on this. I really think it's more so that.

Yeah. I think, so you, you called me a couple of nights ago and you were like, you're like, I have a couple of minutes. I was last night.

Sorry. No, it's crazy. I mean, it's, it's been flying for me as well.

Yeah. It's crazy, dude. Crazy.

So you call me last, you call me last night and you only had a few minutes cause you're a busy guy, you know, you're a viral sensation and you're, you know, and I'm like, okay. I, you know, I'm chatting with Jackson today. This is exciting.

So I end the call and you said, Greg, you've been here before. You've hit lighting in a bottle before. What would you do if you were me?

If you were me. And then you started like rattling off a bunch of solutions. You were kind of like, I can create a discord.

I can do this. I can do this. I can do this.

I can do this. And I could tell, and I've been in your shoes, how overwhelmed you were. And in terms of like, you're like, okay, I need, I need to make sure I'm making the right decision.

Mm-hmm . And what did I tell you? What did I tell you to do?

And the reason I want to bring this up is cause I think that this will be a helpful framework for other people to apply in their own worlds. Do you remember what I told you? Uh, like I see, like you said, I was, I was overwhelmed.

I took a lot of notes on that, but I can't reach my computer and pull it up. I, I, I think I, things that I remember were. To, well, it wasn't something as specific as, uh, come up with like prompt ideas and weekly challenges and things like that.

That was trivial. Right. I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what I said.

Tell me, feed it to me. I said, I'll feed it to you. I'll feed it to you.

Yeah. I said, okay, slow down Jackson. Like, I'll tell you what I said.

What do you want to get out of this? What is your goal? And then you're, you kind of like stop and you're like, Hmm, I don't really, I haven't really thought about that.

And then I asked you, okay. Okay. Like, why do you think about that?

What is uniquely Jackson? What is uniquely you? Yeah.

I, I, I think I can take it from here. Yeah. Go for it.

So I think what, how do I want to say this? Maybe you could go back and kind of ask that question again, like team me up a little bit. What is unique?

What is uniquely Jackson? Well, so I think my own history as like, before I was a branding designer, before I was in the design world. Um, the reason that I even got into design in the first point or in the first place was because when I was 12, I loved new, cool and exciting technology.

I looked up to people on Twitter, not very much unlike yourself, Greg. And so when I was 12 years old, I made a video podcast. I interviewed my heroes.

My heroes. I needed to learn how to design a website in order to, you know, host that. It was kind of pre YouTube days in a way that snowballed into a love and a career that has been focused around design for the last 14, 13, 14 years of my life.

I've been on Twitter over half of my life, Greg. Um, I, I, I love design because I love tech and I love new and exciting things. So of course, when AI starts to take this front seat and everyone's narrative, I want to be that guy at the intersection of, and I hate the intersection of blah, blah, blah.

At the intersection of design and AI and new, just, just using design as a baseline is a common thread to share my love for new and exciting things. That's what I've always done. That's what I've always felt like I am here to do in a lot of ways.

So you said to be that guy, right? That's exactly what I said. And the reason I said that is because knowing you for as many years as I've known you for, I know that you can be the best person on the planet in that space.

And thanks, man. I didn't think that. It's not that I don't think you can be the biggest and baddest AI person on the planet, but I actually think that you would have a lot more smiles and fun and, and.

Good times at that intersection. You, you told me to niche down. That was the framework that you were saying was don't go broad.

A lot of people strike gold in something and they go super broad with it. But I, I loved that answer of like, we'll look at it and be like, do you really want to try to please everyone or connect with like the biggest audience? Or do you want to be, I want to be well, well, what's the word?

What's the word? I want to be present and understood and heard and well respected, a very specific niche. And I think that, yeah, it's like, like you said, I wouldn't, yeah.

I think that's a very, very specific niche. Yeah. Yeah.

Here's the way I think about it. I see, I see it as like a Venn diagram. So on the right circle, you have what your audience expects of you.

Cause now you have an audience and they expect something from you. And in this case it's AI. It's probably some challenges, some capacity.

Um, and then there's the left circle, which is, uh, Jackson's niche. And what is that niche? And I actually think there's probably an exercise that you can do.

That's even like more niche than design quote unquote, that you could probably like, there's probably five elements of design that you really like, like for example, design tools or branding or X, Y, Z. Yeah. And the intersection of those is the product you build, uh, or is the product that you're going to build.

And that's how to think about it. Yeah. So.

So from that, then like how, how could you possibly think about what product to build if you don't really, really understand that, that, that Venn diagram. So that's why you start with the Venn diagram, you get crystal clear, and then you think about what are the business goals that I need to have to support that. And that's where it becomes, I need to get people off Twitter onto my own audience as fast as possible.

Mm-hmm. Because who knows, change of algorithm. Totally.

It, you know, that's number one. It's, it's in someone else's hand. Yeah.

Someone else's hand. And you know what happens firsthand when you, when you put something else in, you know, when you put something in someone's hands, like a robot, you never know what's going to happen. It's true.

Leave it up to, leave it up to the powers that be. And unfortunately those powers that be might not be human at all. Um, I think I'm in the same place I, or I'm, I'm in a similar place to where I was when we talked yesterday, where I was like, buzzing, spinning, like trying to do, I literally was in an Uber to meet my mom for dinner last night to like get away for like a minute.

And I was in the Uber on my laptop and I felt like I was doing 20 things at once. Seriously. It was, it was that like, because I'm not used to going from, you know, a relatively slow and reliable pace, which I've been kind of cruising at for a couple of years now to like breakneck, like go mode.

And that was, I mean, it was, uh, it was, it was whiplash for sure. And so I think talking to you saying like, you know, slow down, write this out, figure out what that unique, like the overlap in that Venn diagram is that resonated with me in a way that I felt like for the first time in 48 hours, I could, I could wrap my head around all of these factors that are playing in at once. And I think I'm, I've already learned, or I'm starting to learn a lot about, you know, working with other people and like, you know, how to effectively, you know, delegate certain responsibilities.

And like, even if it is, it's funny because it's taken an AI chatbot to kind of push me into a place where I, where I feel like I need to do that, but it's, it's something that, you know, I think is a lifelong learning process and something, this is certainly accelerated a lot of that kind of necessary growth. And for that, I'm, I'm grateful and excited. I, I'm, I'm eager to see where it goes.

And I, I, I want to be as effective as possible at, um, kind of being a custodian, not only to the wills of this particular chat, GBT, but now to this large and growing audience that has kind of put trust in me to, you know, be that guy. The other thing that we haven't mentioned is that you've been like prepping for this moment, like your whole life in a lot of ways. I mean, we touched a little upon it, but you are really special, a really special individual.

So I met you in 2014, I think. 2014. Yeah.

In San Francisco, you were living in this house with a bunch of other like six to eight, 18 year old gigabrain. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah. And you were wearing like a full suit.

Like you are now, if you know, you've got to watch, by the way, if you're listening to this, go on YouTube and like watch, watch him. Cause you know, Jackson always dresses to the nine. Um, and so you're wearing the suit and you, you come over to my house.

I think the first time I met you, you were like, you wanted to hang out. And I was like, who is this like 18 year old or 17 year old or whatever smoking a cigarette? We're shot.

Full of suit. Never see. Never see that.

Never see. I, I saw like the way my house was structured is like my balcony is like over. Like I can see who's coming in front of me and I see this like 18 year old kid smoking a cigarette in a full suit.

I hadn't seen a cigarette in years and I hadn't seen a full suit in years. Yeah. And I was like, who is he?

The hell's going on? Yeah. You come up and you just tell me about how, you know, you were, you're a designer and some of your work that you've been doing from that, you know, you started a crypto company in 2015, I believe.

Um, so like way ahead of the curve, you always had this eye for, you know, what's coming next. I mean that I, I wouldn't have started, or I was a co-founder in that and I would not have been involved in that if it weren't for two of those five to six or seven, eight guys, however many people I was living with in San Francisco at the time. Uh, two of them were starting this company and they asked me to be a third co-founder.

One of them was a former employee of yours. Um, actually, you know, to, to be completely honest with you, actually the third that's happened formally. Simon Ward-Freesville?

Oh yeah. Oh yeah. All right.

Um, I w the conversation I was having when I came up with the idea for the hustle GPT tweet was in one of my conversations with Stefan, who's still a good friend of mine. And so I could say, you know, maybe wouldn't be here if it weren't for, well, definitely wouldn't be here if it weren't for him in a lot of ways. Wouldn't have met you if it weren't for him.

Wouldn't have. Damn. Love that guy.

Anyway, shout out Stefan. What's up? Amazing guy.

But I think like, so actionable takeaway for people, what do you think that is? Like, what is it about your background and your story that prepped you for this moment? Look, I I'm, I'm just going to say it now.

Like, I'm here, like this is happening. Um, you know, I've always known that this is kind of my, my, I've always known that this is kind of my intended, uh, I don't want to say final form because that implies like, you know, some, some, some completion of something. That's not at all what I mean to say.

When I had a conversation with my incredible friend, Garrett Scott pipe dream labs, shout out. We sat down for a cocktail in Oklahoma city about a year, year ago, year and a half ago. Um, and I asked him, you know, what is the one thing that you think that I'm failing to do that I could be doing better.

And because I trust him a lot as a person. And he, without missing a beat said making video content, growing an audience online, sharing your story with people. You're meant to do this.

This is something that you haven't given a true shot at, uh, for whatever reason. And you owe it to yourself and everyone else to do that. And that really sat with me a lot.

And, you know, we can make excuses all day for why not to do something, you know, don't have enough time qualities, not there, not good enough. Embarrassed. People are going to judge me.

People are going to, I remember when I was 12 years old, starting that first video podcast when I was, you know, talking to Gary Vaynerchuk after he dropped his first ever book in 2009. I mean, like way back when he was just a wine guy, he was my hero. And I sat down and I talked to him and that energy that I had, the, the conversation that we had, the, the, that person that I was as a 12 year old kid, as silly as it seems to say, was something that I never forgot.

And that always stuck with me when I didn't make a career out of podcasting or vlogging or whatever it was back then and became, you know, full-time in design. I said, that's fine. You know, I can let it kind of fall by the wayside, but this always has been kind of eating at the back of my mind.

So this is as, as big a push as I've ever had. And it's, it's a, it's as good of a reason as any to go full tilt in that aspect of my personality. That's always been, you know, very core to, to who I am.

It's just, it's just me. Here's a, here's my answer to that question. More you.

Hit me. So number one, you always dress the part. Literally.

Like you always dress the part. You showed up. You showed up.

I only own like three outfits. I'm just wearing the same things over and over again. You dress the part period.

So number one, you dress the part. Number two, you played the part. Like you, you started a video podcast when you were 12 years old and you interviewed Gary Vaynerchuk.

Like you, you might not have done it well realistically. Um, I mean, maybe you did it well, but you might've not done it well. Um, and, but you showed up and you played the part.

And then the last thing is you are the part. You remained authentic throughout the entire journey. Right.

And, and that's sort of the, the, as I was saying about the Venn diagram, the Venn diagram, it's the left circle. Yeah. Right.

So, um, I want to end there cause I, I want to end there. I think that's a good ending place. Ah, to be, man, I, I, I, that, that, that touches, touches my heart.

I appreciate you saying that because well, I, I, I, you know, respect you tremendously for, for, you know, being a kind of a, a role model in a lot of ways from, from a distance. And, you know, we've, we've, we've, you know, known each other for a really long time, but I, I appreciate you kind of being, being here when I eat a little, a little guidance and asking the right questions and, and, and helping me out with that. And saying, that's really cool of you, man.

I appreciate it. My pleasure. Yeah.

Yeah. So, where could people find you? Where could people find you?

Well, where could people find you on the internet? And then how could people get involved with this? Yeah.

Yeah. Whole craze. Well, it's fortunately for them all in the same place on Twitter at Jackson fall, uh, J C K S O N F A L L, uh, spelled pretty much like it sounds.

Um, I do, do, do, do, do, do, what do I want to say? Yeah. On Twitter at Jackson fall, uh, people have, uh, co-opted and run with the hashtag hustle GPT.

You can see a lot of people live tweeting their progress there. Uh, you can find my discord for hustle GPT specifically on my Twitter account. And, uh, you can subscribe to my sub stack where I'm posting kind of regular updates about this.

And, uh, at jazzy.substack.com. And I don't know what else that's pretty much it. You can hit me up on, uh, you know, ask for a DM, ask for my phone number.

We'll text, we'll FaceTime or something like that. Cool. Twitter, Twitter.

I think all your stuff is there. Twitter is it. Yeah.

It's all there. Yeah. And, uh, and, uh, people should definitely follow you.

It's, it's a worthwhile follow and follow the journey. Um, and, uh, we've got some exciting stuff in the next few days. Okay.

I liked it. I liked it. I liked to hear it.

All right. So thanks Jackson. Later.

Thank you so much for taking the time. I'll talk to you soon, man.