With Axie, we're looking to be a relatable, fun, nostalgic entry point into the world of crypto. Nostalgia is the most powerful of human emotions. We have gamers, right?

Our generation, we grew up playing games like RuneScape, Diablo, World of Warcraft, Stardew Valley. These experiences evoke really powerful emotions. And when you can basically evoke that emotion and then attach crypto to it, you have a way to get people down the rabbit hole.

And I think a much, I don't know, in a way that makes a lot more sense to billions of gamers worldwide. Just got done filming with Jiho, the chief growth officer and one of the co-founders of Axie Infinity. Blew my mind.

Crazy stuff. Yeah, Axie is one of the largest Play to Earn games. And he shares a glimpse of the future that kind of blows my mind.

Yeah, we talked all about Play to Earn, understanding it, how it's the natural progression of a lot of the gaming industry, and what the world might look like in the next 10 years. Super excited for you guys to check this one out. You're going to love it.

Enjoy it. What is up, you guys? Today, I am so excited to share with you one of my favorite companies, ButcherBox, my go-to resource for all my meat needs.

If you've been following me, by now you know that I love meat. Steak and beef are my favorite food in the world, and I really can't get enough of them. Well, ButcherBox has me covered.

They've got the 100% grass-fed beef that I love, free-range organic chicken, wild-caught seafood for my wife, and a little bit of everything in between. There's great flexibility. You can mix and match boxes, choose when it comes to you.

So there's really something for the whole family. And it all comes at an unbeatable value. Generally, less than $6 per meal.

I've loved ButcherBox, and I know that you will, too. Today, we're so excited to be sharing with you a special offer, free ground beef for life, as long as you keep a subscription going with ButcherBox. You can find that offer special for our listeners at butcherbox.com slash room.

Again, that's free ground beef for life by going to butcherbox.com slash room. You're going to love it. Today's episode is brought to you by MarketerHire.

With MarketerHire, you can get expert marketers on demand. It's easy and fast. What's MarketerHire?

Simply put, MarketerHire is a marketplace for marketing talent. They built a network of expert marketing professionals pre-vetted by top marketers from well-known and high-growth brands. And then they used their proprietary marketer match technology to match clients with the best marketer for every single project.

And they match them fast, typically within 48 hours or less. There's zero risk. You don't sign or pay anything unless you choose to work with someone.

Many of my startups in the portfolio are using MarketerHire and absolutely love it. If you're a growing business, you will, too. Check them out today at MarketerHire.com.

Again, that's MarketerHire.com. And tell them Sahil sent you. Video games is the topic of the day.

We've got, I guess, the natural future of where people are saying video games are going. It's like the Web3 future. So you're going to guide me on this journey down and play to earn land.

Because I grew up, I was like a Pokemon guy. I loved Pokemon. World of Warcraft.

Met. Like all this stuff I played. I love video games.

I haven't been as close to it recently. Invested in the space a little bit. I think it's awesome.

But stoked to talk about video games today with Jiho. Yeah. I mean, I've never told you this.

But I actually played professional Counter-Strike. No way. When I was like 16.

Really? Yeah. How did that come about?

Did you practice? And you were like sick at Counter-Strike? Yeah, pretty much.

Dude. Yeah. This reminds me so much of, you know, Josh.

But Josh has three. So Josh Fabian, founder of Metafi, has three kids. I think three, four.

And two of his sons are like top 50 in the world Pokemon players. And they're little dudes. And they go up against adults in this like strategy game.

And they're just complete savages. Like destroy them. And so I'm imagining you as a 16-year-old kid or a 15-year-old kid.

Like little baby Greg. Totally. Rolling around destroying people in Counter-Strike.

Totally. Yeah. Me and my clan actually competed in the qualifier for the World Cyber Games in maybe 2004.

No way. Which was a long time ago. I love that.

So yeah. I need pictures. We're going to need to check receipts on this.

There's one picture of me which is insane which maybe I can dig up. We're going to dig it up. We're going to throw it into the Discord after we get done with this because we're going to need to see this picture.

I need to see 15-year-old Greg. I'm going to get memed. Yeah.

I hope so. I've got like the longest sideburn. Anyways.

I can't wait. Yeah. So what are we going to dig into today?

I mean. We've got a lot to cover with Jiho. Have you.

Well I've been just. I've been thinking about play to earn a bunch and also learn to earn. Have you seen rabbithole.gg?

What is learn to earn? So play to earn we're going to dive into it Jiho. Like we'll talk about all the definitions and get into it.

Learn to earn I've never heard of. So what is that? Learn to earn.

Well I'll explain it by the example. Like rabbit hole. So the way rabbit hole works is you earn tokens from decentralized applications by learning about them.

So for example Uniswap is one of the biggest protocols that exists in decentralized finance. And they'll basically give let's say you know 10 uni tokens if you go on a rabbit hole quest. And the rabbit hole quest is all about learning about how Uniswap works and how to actually you know use some of their protocol.

So Uniswap is happy because they've just acquired this new customer who is vetted right. They've actually learned how to use the protocol. And they've actually they've got you know quote unquote on chain reputation.

So meaning you've learned how to use Uniswap and it's almost minted to the blockchain. So it's like this you know Greg Eisenberg learned this. And that's that's really the concept of learn to earn.

Yeah that's really cool. I mean it's a it's a natural sort of play adjacency to play to earn. It's really interesting to think about like normal world non web three applications of that exact thing.

Like how companies might be able to integrate learn to earn because if you think about like a bank credit card company new financial services infrastructure. They benefit so much from people understanding what they're building in the product suite. And so I wonder whether there are ways to like leverage that idea by just like teaching people more.

And now suddenly you've acquired a customer effectively. And it's more interesting in the web three context because now you have like people that could be developers. Like they should do a developer camp where they teach you how to code on Solana or they teach you how to code on top of Ethereum.

And then you get one ETH for doing the course. It's like they pay you to take the course because now they have new developers that are building on top of it and creating this whole ecosystem effect. Yeah I think I think that that's where it's all going where I actually did a thread on this where I believe that in the future you'll have your resume on chain.

And you'll be able to apply at a job and then within 60 seconds get that job because you know those people know that you are great at Uniswap or you understand how to code in Rust or Solidity or whatever and you have these badges to prove it. I think that's the future. I got like a ton of backlash from that thread.

Like thousands of people being like you're completely wrong. So is the idea sorry I want to go deeper on that just for one second before you extend. So the idea of it being on chain would mean that you would have your resume.

It would also have like credibility scores on chain associated with every skill set and experience you say you have. So people could have in a trustless way you would know when you went to it that that person had been stamped of approval and had executed a number of things really high quality with whatever that skill set is. What's stopping me yes that's exactly how it works.

What's stopping me from going on LinkedIn and being like I'm the head of magic at McDonald's. Totally. Nothing.

Yeah. So what I do like about applying blockchain to this is it's vetted. You know there's you I went through rabbit hole and I've learned this skill and therefore I I've I've proven.

Yeah. That really is interesting. It's interesting to think about derivative businesses you could build off of it too of like how do I.

Like it would be very cool to say I'm going to like you did crypto college. You're teaching a bunch of people how to build in Web3. If I'm an enterprising person I might actually go buy a bunch of those NFTs stake them stake a bunch of people scholarship and say I want 10 percent of your first company like use it as my venture investment in them and say if you're going to go build in this space I'll buy you your ticket into this thing.

But I'm the guy now you have to give me a 10 percent stake or when you raise your first round I have to have priority access at a 20 percent discount to whatever you raise that in order to invest. And it's sort of like I mean it's what these incubators are doing in a lot of sense but it's for a Web3 world. So you actually are paying.

I mean like you're you're giving them their ticket to the learning experience. And even cooler when you think about the actual protocols doing it. So like Solana paying to have students go and do a Solana boot camp because they know that it's going to create and foster a broader ecosystem.

Kind of a cool idea to like think about what the businesses are that could be built around that. Yeah I think I mean it makes sense right. Like so with crypto college like we were a course teaching about NFTs DAOs and social tokens and we had 150 people who are builders right.

They're building they've now like they're vetted they've learned how to do this and a lot of them are building successful projects. It makes sense that either us as as crypto college or or some external group comes and basically yes stakes or lends out these these admission tickets. And then you would imagine that there's a smart contract that's baked into it that basically says yeah I get X percent of your revenue or I get Y.

And that's the beauty about Web3 and and crypto is that you can just bake that into the code of the smart contract. Yeah. So this learn to earn thing is really interesting.

I want to I want to talk more about it with you because I think there are a bunch of cool I feel we could do a whole episode on learn to earn. Yeah. I think there's like a bunch of really cool applications of it too to like dive in more understand some of the business opportunities that come off this.

And also like can you create kind of learn to earn services that then you know you can plug into older world companies and figure out ways to foster new kind of ecosystems around your existing like old world Web2 company and product. So I really do think that's interesting. I do want to bring in Jiho and dive in on play to earn because the video game aspect and what they're building is super super interesting.

And I think we need to go deep on it. And he's he's the guy to bring in. He's the guy.

So let's let's do it. Bring him in. We'll jam on it.

Hey this is Jiho. I'm the co-founder of Axie Infinity. Coming at you live.

We are live. In Miami. Jiho.

For NFT. Basel I guess. NFT Basel.

Yeah there's YouTube, podcast, Spotify and then a community. So we built a whole thing around Discord alongside it. Oh nice.

I should join your Discord. Yeah it's going to be cool. We'll go in there like after the episode drops we'll invite you.

Discord changed my life. Yeah. Really?

Yeah. How so? That's how I saw you know like I saw the Wired article that a crypto kitty sold for $150,000.

I was like what the fuck is a crypto kitty? But this seems really like kind of interesting. This seems accessible.

I was always a gamer. I was always a collector. I wasn't into crypto when it was about trading.

I already knew how to trade options. So if I wanted extreme volatility I already knew where to get that. Yeah.

Yeah. So then I saw that. What year is that?

2017 like December 1st or something like that. So basically four years ago to the day. Crazy.

Yeah. Exactly four years ago. Happy birthday.

I discovered CryptoKitties and I was like it was an interesting community. Right. Like people were doing interesting stuff around it.

I built I worked on a project called Kitty Hats that was building accessories on top of on top of it. Right. So.

Were you at Yale at the time? No. No.

No. I had graduated. I was a quad recruiter for a couple of years.

No way. Yeah. So like the smartest people that I was talking to that I'd been talking to all super interested in Ethereum and smart contracts.

So. That was cool. So it was on my radar.

Right. And then I saw CryptoKitties. But then right.

It kind of was just a proof of concept. Right. It was like it's like let's not try to turn this into something that it's not destined to be.

But we knew that. Okay. Like right.

There was problems with the economy. Right. So we need we needed to figure out like how can we get people to actually just right.

Like want to hold these pets rather than just like breeding and selling. Right. We need we needed there to be more verbs.

More utility. Right. I think utility in terms of verbs.

Right. Like. Okay.

You could breed. You can collect. What else.

Right. Okay. Battle.

Right. That's a cool way of thinking about it. I've never thought of that.

Utility in terms of verbs. It makes a ton of sense though. Super logical.

Battle. Battle. Collect.

Build. Yeah. Harvest.

Yeah. Right. These are all verbs that we're trying to bring to Axis.

And that's so cool. Okay. So.

So discord. You ended up like you got into discord channels because you saw that things were going on with it and stuff was happening. You would talk to a bunch of smart people that were getting into it.

And clearly then you started paying attention to it. And so like what actually brought you from there then to the Axie story? Yeah.

So I joined Axie as a community member. Right. So I hopped in.

I think there were 10 people like that were regularly chatting in the discord at that time. So it was and yeah I met the founders. Trum, Masamune.

They were talking about their vision in the discord at the time. It was like and I said hey like this is something that could work. It's right.

It has that collectability aspect and the scarcity but there's also right this plan for long term fun and utility. And I was like I saw that as the perfect formula for building an amazing community. Yeah.

So did the game exist at that point or was it just a vision? It was. Yeah.

So I arrived on the day I think that the Axies were unveiled. So there was a month where people were buying tokens, NFTs that you couldn't see. Actually this is now like a common.

Yeah. This is not a common strategy. Right.

But at the time it was. People were like. My Adam bomb story.

People were like are these. Is this a scam? Is this art ever going to be revealed?

And then as soon as the art was revealed I think people felt safe to kind of tell me about it. So then I arrived. You could see the Axies.

Right. I bought three and I was like okay like what do we do next? Right.

Like we need to start building. What did that cost when you first bought them? Do you remember?

The Axies that I got were like 0.15 ETH each or something. Like these are origin Axies. Right.

So I think you know there was a chance that you could get a. When you were buying these original Axies. Right.

There's only 4,088 of them hard cap. Origin Axies. And around like basically each time up one of their body parts or a gene was rolled.

There was a chance that it was a Mystic part. Right. So there are six body parts.

So it's like around like a 30% chance that it would have a Mystic part. Mystics are like limited, collectible. Yeah.

Or kind of like the Holy Grail with Anoxi. Right. So I think like Mystics are I think around 30 ETH right now each.

It's so cool because like now we're all familiar with these terms. Like you spend time in the NFT world. You understand rarity.

You understand all the different properties. But in 2017 or it was 2017 it was like this is weird. I don't understand it.

It's like the Chris Dixon thing of like if it looks like a toy you know what might be the thing of the future. People were saying that like in the early days of NFTs. Right.

They were just they were pretty. And I'd seen that I think Andreessen invested in CryptoKitties. It obviously became Dapper Labs later.

So I was like okay this is a space. This is going to be an entire market. So I was kind of looking for an opportunity to get involved as a builder in a project.

Right. So yeah I found Axie as a community member and just started trying to help out. So I was helping with the community doing some writing.

Just keeping the Discord chat liquidity high. You guys are kindred spirits. So you're the CEO of Axie Infinity right?

No. I'm a co-founder growth lead. CGO I guess.

CGO. So you can go from a community member to a C-level executive by just literally partaking in the community and contributing. Like you know when you started I would imagine joining that community.

Your first you know you never thought that you'd be or correct me if I'm wrong. Did you think that you were going to be the chief growth officer of this big thing? I don't know.

I was taking it day by day. Like I was just also having fun. Right.

Like I was just hanging out. That was a joke. Meeting new people.

And yeah. It's kind of the web three. I always think about Greg's going to make fun of me for this probably.

Like I am a I'm still a luddite and I still am like developing my understanding of all these things and embracing it. And I think of all of these things in like prior to web three analogs. And I think of this as like a story of it's like the person that starts as like the stockroom floor and now is the CEO.

Like Walmart actually. I think the CEO of Walmart currently is a guy that like started as a store man. Like he started as a store clerk.

I mean right before this we had Cat Cole who wasn't she a Hooters? She was a Hooters waitress and became the head. The head you know.

And I think the you know the 2021-2022 equivalent of that is you start in the discord. We're hiring like incredible talent from the discord right now from the community. So cool.

That's so cool. So I want to get into I want to get into the AXI story for sure because I think it's amazing. I've done a bunch of research and reading on you and and the story.

But maybe we start like let's set the stage for people that are listening. People like me that probably don't understand it quite as much with just like a little bit of kind of definitions around it. So can you guys talk you guys know this much better than me.

Can you talk about like free to play and then how does that transition and what does play to play to earn mean? Yeah sure. So in the in the in traditional gaming right like the developers the app stores the publishers they're all right.

They're all working and they're they're working together. They're selling a product right. They're still either selling skins or game copies sign loot boxes right.

Traditionally they're taking close to 100 percent of the revenue generated by the game. All right. There are some like black and gray markets but it's it's not yeah they're they're kind of difficult to to access and and use.

So our our model is a lot different right. We're very focused on the community the player owned economy. So we see it as we've kind of lowered taxes from close to 100 percent to around 4.25 percent right.

Which is the fee on the Axie marketplace right. So rather than selling Axies directly we monetize by just taking a percent or a cut of all peer to peer pair player to player transactions on our marketplace. So the original I just want to read it back to you guys and make sure I'm understanding it correctly.

So like earlier think like Fortnite everyone knows Fortnite. They you know Epic Games like has this massive ecosystem that they've built. The game is free to play and you go buy skins or you buy different attributes or whatever within the game.

All of that money it sounds like is going to Epic like they are the 100 percent. That's the rent the way you put it. I thought was great the rent.

They're taking it. The players get to play the utility. The players get is that they have fun.

There's no like you're not earning anything and the difference here when you start thinking about play to earn is rather than that company taking 100 percent that whole pool now is basically for the players and for the ecosystem and the world in a way that you're creating. And the actual company actually takes a clip like it's a tiny percentage that gets taken I don't know 5 percent or something. It's also like an important thing to recognize too right is people are also spending within Axie for reasons that they spend on traditional digital items right like they're spending for fun.

They're spending for status right like Axie is an incredibly fun game and it's an amazing community. This is actually what backs the economy. That's also why it's so hard to replicate right.

If it was just about mechanisms then everyone would just copy the mechanism and there would be all these thriving NFT planner and games right now. But there aren't there's only one actually because I think it has to do with that idea of the social capital backing the economy. Could you talk more about that?

So what makes a great play to earn game? What are what are the ingredients? I think there there there there's a lot.

I mean you need I think an amazing community something where the way that I think about crypto in general is like what are are there products where the community is doing a majority of the work already where a middleman is extracting the value away from that community. And can we cut out the middleman and basically reward the community for the work that they're already doing. So I think that any product that has the community like user generated content right like that's brilliant anything that has a high amount of work being done by users with large with large existing middlemen is ripe for disruption.

So that's what that's how I look at it. So yeah I think like the Roblox model would work better right if they opened up the economy even more. You know Roblox actually was very irrelevant for a long time until they allowed people to actually cash out the Robux.

So it's a more open model. That's why it's like that's why it's actually catapulted. But we just we're taking it to the natural conclusion which is like you know giving giving as much as possible to the community.

So we need to go deeper on this because that was brilliant. So just as a framework find a business or an industry where the community is creating the vast majority of the value. And if there is a rent collector sitting there that's somehow harvesting most of the value from that it needs to be disrupted.

And it likely will be disrupted by something that looks more like Web3 and that is more decentralized and community oriented. I think it's so interesting to think about the incentives that you're relying on to advance these spaces to where like with the prior versions you are relying on the fact that like Epic or whatever the developer is will continue to reinvest those profits to enhance and make the ecosystem better and continue to make the game better and make it more engaging and fun over time. With this you're actually not relying on anybody because it is in every player's best interest to make the ecosystem better so that they can earn more money in it.

And so they all have that. They want to reinvest. Many of the players right you can see each of them as a digital pet store owner right.

And actually Magic is actually a more of a decentralized model too right where there's a secondary market. There's kind of like this economy. Each store owner right is kind of incentivized to host Magic nights right.

They have like Magic Friday I think. I used to play Magic cards when I was a kid. Right.

So it's more of a decentralized model right. So but I think like yeah one of the things that NFTs do in my opinion is they give the characteristics of physical collectibles like trading cards to digital assets. Can we talk more about that?

So Magic. I've always wondered like who was like why they were throwing these Magic tournaments. Like can you talk more about the model?

First of all I didn't know that you were like a Magic nerd. I wouldn't say I was a Magic nerd but I loved Magic cards, Pokemon. I was a Warcraft guy.

People were into that kind of stuff. I was a Warcraft guy. Like these are a lot of them like were super early tax.

They see the model as just like taking that physical world model and applying it to a borderless future. I just when I look at him I see like Stanford baseball pitcher. Fun fact.

The Stanford baseball team my freshman year the entire team on all of our road trips would be sitting on our computers playing World of Warcraft together on the way to games. Nice. Hilarious.

Narrative violation. Narrative violation. But yeah going back to Magic like do you know about their model?

Because I've recently been obsessed around taking sort of like older community models and bring it online. So just curious view. Yeah.

I'm like I studied it a little bit in the early days of Axie and I saw that basically physical events were really important to their propagation on the proliferation of Magic. Right. Where yes store owner the store owners and right like they basically will the Wizards of the Coast they'll send merch basically and I guess appoint people.

There's kind of like this bureaucracy or whatever and they have this whole framework for basically hosting events. And I think there are like thousands of them right every Friday all across the country. It's funny because we we talk about the metaverse right.

We talk about this digital place but so many of us forget that physical is where communities. So community. Right.

So for for something like Magic where there's a huge secondary market right just like Axie the community is really important because people need to be spending right for that flex. Right. Right.

So in Magic right why do people buy why would anyone buy a Black Lotus right. They might see it as a store of value but it's also right it's like you get to tell the other people in the Magic community that you have a fucking Black Lotus. Right.

Similar right. Similar similar dynamic in the Axie community right with all the collectability. And it's that right like status that right drives a lot of economic activity as well.

Yeah. And it creates a it creates a world as you continue to scale it both physical and digital but you're sort of just what you're creating is not a game anymore. It's like an entire ecosystem really a nation of Axie players that's borderless and so it doesn't matter if all the articles about the people in the Philippines that are earning a living wage playing Axie it's amazing.

It's like you watch these videos and it's very inspiring that there are people that are doing this and then there's someone in America and like you go and host an event at Art Basel and people that have never met never connected in person in any form or function are now all of a sudden connected in this cool very real way. It doesn't matter the color of their skin. It's like very global.

It's really really cool. That's one of the things that I love just like the promise of it that I love so much is that borderless aspect to it. One of the things I want to also ask about is like what are the challenges of the unique I don't know drawbacks or challenges of this play to earn model like with Axie you had this massive hype cycle you know like Packy had his piece on it and there was all this press and everything and you know the prices of everything.

Everything spiked it's obviously like with every hype cycle it pulls back pricing. So like how do you think about that aspect of the play to earn model where you're going to have natural like any market fluctuations in the prices and how it impacts players and gaming. Sure.

I mean this has happened to right like where we built all throughout 2018 2019 right Axie prices went from the cheapest you know kind of run of the mill Axies went from I think $5 to 20 cents or something. But that was really important for the community that was character building that volatility actually creates fermentation a fermentation process. So it's actually needed right like every crypto strong crypto community needs to go through a bear market together.

Unfortunately maybe for better for worse I think that's how it works. I think that's also one of the hard parts of starting a project now and a lot of projects come to me for advice on like how do you build a community. It's like but they're they're operating in a totally different market right like the same things that we did back then are not going to work now.

It's like the Lindy effect. Have you read any Taleb. Yeah.

Like he's like somewhat hated in the Bitcoin community for like anti-Bitcoin but hit the Lindy effect of the whole idea of like the longer you've survived the longer you're likely to survive. And so being hardened by those periods of pain actually leads to more survivability of it. I think it's a great it's a great way of putting it actually like you need those moments.

I also say there is one of the drawbacks of like this whole narrative around play to earn. I prefer we prefer to call it play and earn right. But one of the drawbacks of narrative is that right the community aspect the you know the fun of the entire ecosystem.

It kind of takes like a backseat to you know this thing that's kind of a new innovation right. There's there's so many fun games out there. There are a lot of amazing communities out there.

Right. This is kind of a fundamental new innovation. But sometimes it takes a little bit of the spotlight off of the rest of the ecosystem.

And also the stuff that basically allows the play to earn model to work. Right. And then people start saying oh like play to earn like how does this how is this sustainable because they don't understand how fun the game is how awesome the community is.

Fast forward 10 years from now. What percentage of the game gaming market is play and earn versus traditional as you define it. I think that these digital economies are become some of the largest economies of all time right.

So like it's more like how many games will there be that are larger than large countries or something right. With economies that are larger than large countries. I think that there will be I think that there will be hundreds of millions if not billions of players playing you know participating in these digital worlds.

Right. We're already saying that our digital lives our digital identities are becoming increasingly more important. And the pandemic kind of expedited that.

But now it's like okay we're using the digital world as kind of a way to funnel or to sift through who we actually want to spend time with in the physical world as well. Right. So I think it's also that unity that fusion is super bullish for everything that we're building.

And is the vision can you walk us through a little bit of the vision of Axie in the sense of like could you see a world where people. Not only come to Axie to just play but they go maybe there's quests that have real world implications or like do you see it more as like a potential like virtual world where it could be serious and fun. Or do you see it just fun like you know hey we're just trying to build like the most fun experience and there's some on-chain revenue etc.

Yeah actually like so we just had an internal discussion about this right is like the world they want to see like oh this is a fun game right. But as stewards of the ecosystem we think a little bit more in terms of like what are the archetypes of players in this ecosystem right. So right now we have like competitive battlers right.

We have scholarship managers people that are renting out their Axies. We have scholars right. They're kind of just farming tokens to survive.

Then we have the collectors right. They're really into the aesthetics and the scarcity aspect of it. And then we have people who just they hold Axie and they stake it and they're also contributing to the ecosystem.

There are people who right they trade the SLP token and this provides liquidity for it. Why because it has interesting like correlations to the rest of all their basically asset classes. Because it's kind of like a it's a it's a uncapped coin that's kind of tied to the value of human effort within our ecosystem.

So it's kind of like a weird correlation thing. So basically there are all these different archetypes right. And we need to also think about when we think about the future what are the future archetypes of people that we want to have in our ecosystem.

So it's a little bit I think a more precise way of thinking about it because right fun is very subjective. And some people believe that they're the arbiters of fun. But it's to me it's like it's not specific enough.

It's not something that you can build scientifically with. So you hit on something there that I think is like one of the most mind blown like for it fucked me up. The first time I was reading about it to be totally honest which was like this whole idea of the physical world real world economies that are being built outside and alongside adjacent to Axie.

And like the scholar thing is a perfect example of this. Like I've seen it with I think what is it YGG? Yeah.

Yield Guild Games. Is that what it stands for? And a few others that have kind of popped up that are basically have they've built real world physical businesses adjacent to Axie to kind of support the ecosystem that's being built.

Not supported by Axie. It's just companies that have like enterprising entrepreneurs that have gone and realized they could stake people to go and play in the game. The same way honestly is like what we've done with athletes in the past.

Like Russian tennis players have been backed by these like oligarchs to go and build a career and then they take a percentage of their earnings. That to me is like this seminal moment of what you're doing that all of a sudden there are economies being built outside of you where you're like oh this looks like a country where you have all these random economy points. Did you guys was that like a vision that you had or did you start seeing it and say holy shit there's really something to this?

It's something right like I don't know like there's fog of war right? Like so you just go and you try to get to product market fit. In the early days we saw that Axie was more than a game because people were spending so much time on the discord right?

Like that was kind of like their home. So we saw Axie in the early days as maybe a social network but we couldn't pitch it as a social network when we had only 200 people in the community. But early on we saw that there was something very special happening with the community.

You know we all had you know a thesis that these digital economies would start to rise. But yeah you know it was definitely right like to see yeah to see people start building on top of it right? To see even physical businesses are starting to accept Axis and SLP as payment to lure right more foot traffic right?

Like if you know that there are a lot of like Axie players in your town you can get them to come check out your business by accepting our in-game currencies right? So this is a marketing strategy it's a user acquisition strategy for businesses in the traditional world. So yeah I think like what is a nation?

Like how do we define a nation right? Nations typically have like right like a kind of an economy maybe culture national pastimes sometimes languages. I think it's it's it's it's we're starting to see all that develop within Axie.

Physical borders are maybe like you know the last component of it. I think that we have a chance you know over the next 15 years to you know potentially acquire some distressed real estate from a sovereign nation. And maybe set up a special economic zone or something that could be recognized by the UN.

So yeah we we've already started issuing statements to the government to the legacy governments of the world right? Because they're like all like we heard that the central bank of the Philippines was interested in Axie and asking questions about it. And so we didn't know how to get into contact with them so we put out like an announcement saying that you know we encourage our players to pay taxes if they have to.

If they're if they're you know local I guess governments are requiring them to. Yeah I think I mean on one hand I hear you Sahil like you're not even saying anything but I hear you. In terms of like it's wild that you can start a game bring people together that eventually leads to like a country.

On the other hand it kind of makes sense right? Like you've built an economy you've built like-minded individuals you've built culture you've built community. We just had a conversation with Meltem and Meltem you know what Meltem was saying is you know the future basically that there's gonna be these like new churches and new cathedrals.

She's actually trying to build I mean like the church of Bitcoin. I don't know if it's Bitcoin but basically like an actual you know treated as a religion for tax purposes. And you can put your gains into this so that it's allocating on a tax efficient basis to go do it.

It's kind of it's a crazy concept but not that crazy when you break it down to the atomic unit of it actually. I mean. It's not like my fraternity right like was like some I think was like a non-profit organization.

Yeah. Right. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah exactly and it's you know how many people play Axie approximately like. We have 2.8 million daily active users.

So millions of people right like Iceland is 400,000 people if you think about it. We have I think two players in Iceland. It was a long time where I was like fuck I can't like Iceland, I think Iceland like we just didn't have anyone there.

I was like who wants to be the first? Yeah. Right.

Yeah and I think like so I mean you're bigger than Iceland you know you're five to six times bigger than Iceland. Yeah. Yeah.

And it makes sense that like yeah like you might want to you know some people might want to move to this place. Makes a lot of sense. I'm starting to see people describe the scale of the Axie economy as in terms of GDP.

Right. Right. So yeah.

Yeah. I mean that's like the tipping point right when people start saying it that way. Well old is you know gross domestic product.

New is game domestic product. Yeah. The first time I ever thought about this question like you asked like what is a country.

You've all know Harari who has that book Sapiens which everyone should read if they haven't and he goes into that like what is an organization? What is a company? What is a country?

It's just shared belief at the end of the day and it's just like you have a shared belief in something and there's community like all of what we're talking about here. It's community. It's bringing it together like money.

What is money? It's just trust like you have. What is money?

That was actually the opening line to my thesis. Seriously. But it's I mean it's crazy when you break these things down to the like boil them down to the root.

I just that like I just think it's fast. I also think it's fascinating if you're a builder and you're looking for a new startup idea what you have in Axie and probably there are a couple other things out there that have a similar fervor around them right now but not many is a group of people of 2.8 million people worldwide that are highly highly engaged with something that have a ton of needs that like you can go and create something for exactly those needs. The people that were doing these scholar programs staking are doing that but like they're going to be unique banking and financial services needs that come off of people that are playing on a regular basis.

What can you go build that like services those people really really well? So we just we just actually just launched a decentralized exchange it's called Katana. I believe it's the second large there's a 1.4 billion dollars locked in it.

We only have two pairs Axie's and SLP ETH. We also have a USDC ETH as well. So we're getting stable coin access to people in the emerging markets as well.

Where did it previously happen? Was it like FTX or something where they previously did it? We're using like Binance a lot like DEX is on Ethereum and stuff.

There's a lot of like friction around right like basically you claim the token within your ecosystem for playing the game then you have to like transfer out of the ecosystem to sell it. Right. So yeah like it's I think it was a huge catalyst for us.

Yeah I think they're. A huge thing for you guys this is just a random idea that I'm having right now but like in terms of creating stability within the ecosystem as well and I've talked about it with several people like rich people don't sell the assets they have. They take loans out against it never have to sell it.

They live off of the loans against it. That will eventually happen in the Axie community and then you won't have these massive price swings and volatility within the market because people will be leaving their SLP within the ecosystem. Sure.

You can like have financial services infrastructure that gets built outside it that allows people to actually take a living wage as a claim against their what is it. I think the next thing maybe maybe you agree like I think maybe one of the next things that we should build on Ronin is something like right something like Aave or Compound a money market basically and that this will basically allow right like people to get liquidity right from their Axis holdings. Yeah.

Without having to suffer a taxable event. Could you could you explain what Aave or Compound is to to write and you know regular normies? Yeah like so Aave and Compound are crypto money markets where you can basically deposit tokens and receive a stablecoin loan based on the value of those assets right.

So yeah you might be able to write let's say you deposit a hundred dollars of a token of let's say ETH you can then draw maybe twenty dollars of stablecoin right and this basically allows you to get liquidity from your crypto without having to sell it. And yeah you can also write like on the other side you can also borrow from these money markets if maybe you want leverage or you have some need for ETH. And the reason this is hugely valuable I mean in a normal in a non-AXI context is like if I have a ton of Bitcoin but I bought it at a hundred dollars and now it's worth sixty thousand and I want to go buy a house.

I can't do that if I like I sell my Bitcoin pay a huge tax on that game and then go buy a house with the cash. This allows you to leave your Bitcoin you never have to pay the tax and you can draw money against it and then go and buy it. And so in the Axie Infinity case why it's interesting is people wouldn't have to sell and convert to fiat in order to pay for their food in the grocery store down the street.

They could leave it in the game which by the way has the nice benefit of creating price stability in the game which drives more people in and continues to drive appreciation and growth of the ecosystem but they can still draw against it to go buy their food and live on a day basis. I think it's a potentially important product. You know we have to do a lot of education right?

Like so we see Axie as an accessible cute nostalgic community driven kind of rabbit hole into the rest of crypto as well right? So you start with the game in the community but then you start to learn okay how to stake right? How to pull liquidity.

You start to all these other verbs right? Get unlocked right? Stake, farm, deposit, borrow.

And yeah 50% of our users have never used crypto before. Yeah that's amazing. 25% of them don't even have a bank account.

So we have to do a lot of basic financial and crypto education. So people are learning incredible amounts. I see Axie as also like an education platform in some ways.

There are a lot of educational like content companies coming to us. Yeah. You know saying hey Lou they would want to have us reskin their course with Axie so that right like it's people actually use it.

Yeah I mean this is like you're creating so much value for the web 3 and crypto ecosystem by educating people in this way. It's also what you're saying is the reason why I haven't invested in any financial literacy like platforms or businesses is because I fundamentally believe that financial literacy happens through actual like action. Vibes.

And putting skin in the game. Through verbs. No seriously and like it's not me taking a course on like how to invest.

It's by actually having skin in the game and learning it by feeling it out and like fucking up. Feeling the pain of something and getting rug pulled whatever like ends up happening. But that like that the amount of value that's being created by taking something that looks like a toy people get on ramped into crypto and now they're red-pilled to some extent starting to see what the future looks like all of these different things happening.

And suddenly we have you know it's 2.8 now it's 10 in a few months. It's like it becomes very very powerful long term as you compound that. Super exciting.

Do you um you mentioned Axie you know when you first started Axie you know as a social network. Do you think in in in play to earn and play and earn the way it works is there's like multiple worlds that you end up in. So for example like in social like there's multiple areas right there's Twitter for this there's Instagram for that there's TikTok for this.

Do you think it's one big world in planner planner or do you think it you know you could imagine a world where maybe Axie creates separate worlds. So I think that. When we're just riffing right.

So yeah. This is all like very hypothetical. Yeah.

And and speculative right. But I think that there will yeah I believe in that there will be multiple worlds but I believe that there will be certain assets. Starting with ERC 20s like money kind of error and tokens.

That will write like kind of be borderless. Because these things with like a liquidity and a dollar value or it's easier to port them between worlds. Right.

But then right obviously we get into like interoperability. I'm more bullish on vertical inter interop. So for this in our case right.

One team of Axies many different games built by many different developers in the Axie universe. Right. And then eventually maybe like right like having standards to port them between.

Right. Like I see it more as an attack vector. Like if I there's a if there was a game that was bigger than Axie that used NFTs I would give those NFTs some utility.

I would try to give them some utility in Axie to basically take their users. So this is actually we did this with Decentraland in the early days where I we said that everyone who owns land in Decentraland can get free Axies. And we just gave out a lot of Axies to Decentraland landholders.

And then we had the land sale and a lot of them ended up becoming members of the community and you know getting stakes in land which I think like changed a lot of lives as well. I like that. My last question for you is a sort of a look into the future.

Like can a traditional gaming company effectively become play to earn and try to participate in this future or is this a new future that has to be built by people that are organic on the ground play to earn or play and earn? I think I think that these grassroots products that are built by users I think they have advantages. I also believe that there's room for traditional players to come into the space.

I think it really is highly dependent on the team and their kind of you know internal chemistry. I think that right like this model can be applied to a lot of games right especially where there's kind of there's rarity there's scarcity there's collectability there's a strong community there's user generated content. I think those are the ingredients that would fit well for some kind of port.

I think that I also I'm super bullish on all right so you're a traditional game developer you have like a pretty good game. It's like a nice game in terms of mechanics but maybe like there's something off with the IP or the art. I would love for them to come right just reskin the game with Axie.

Incubate it. And then it becomes part of our ecosystem and then they have distribution right this is like community as a service right it's like your product has no adoption but it's a good product. Okay just like making an Axie product and then all of a sudden you're gonna have millions of users.

So it was like Axie Infinity eating the world like maybe right where the gaming world at least to start. It's like all about right the future is all about user community aggregation and distribution right. So if you have that this is what DeFi protocols are learning that they can't do because there's no IP there's no like there's no there's very little brand loyalty when it's just like clicking some buttons right.

It has to be attached to content. Yeah and the way it's set up is you can have as many sub communities as you want within the Axie world. It's already happening right.

There are thousands of thousands of different guilds right. These are many of the guilds right. They say all like their metaverse guilds or whatever.

They're all for the entire player and ecosystem. But the only thing that they're actually playing where they have live users the only you know economy that they're participating in on a daily basis is Axie. Yeah we have a we have a common friend this guy Josh Fabian runs this company Medify and it's like coaching one-on-one coaching for gamers.

You get coached by an expert and he was telling me recently that Axie is like their number one requested thing that they want coaches to coach Axie because it's so valuable. People can actually go earn money doing it so then they're willing to pay to invest in that. So it's another example of like a cool ecosystem being built.

It sounds like a good opportunity for a lot of our influencers too. Yeah. They're looking for you know cool ways to you know monetize their time and effort within the ecosystem.

So yeah I would love to chat with him. Yeah you should I'll connect you with him for sure. He's phenomenal.

They're about to announce a big big fundraise big bright future. Well thank you so much for joining us man. Thank you.

This was epic. I mean I personally just learned a lot too so selfishly I feel much smarter on everything that everything that's happening in the space and I am I'm bullish on the future for you guys man. So so cool.

Awesome. That means a lot. Yeah.

It's an Axie world and we're just living in it. Exactly. Thank you so much.

Thanks guys. Thank you. Hell of an episode man.

That was a lot of fun. Great conversation. It was like pretty cool just how open he is about their vision and talking about the whole story around it and it's a really ambitious vision.

So I loved it. What was your one big takeaway from it? I'll give you a couple takeaways.

Number one he started off as a community member and then became a co-founder. I knew you were going to love that. What?

My community guy. No but honestly like that that was really cool and it just goes to show you that like you're not just joining a community like you potentially could be joining something that's going to change your life by joining one of these discords. So super super cool to hear that.

And the other thing is that game domestic product is the new gross domestic product. I liked that a lot too. I loved talking to him about this whole infrastructure and startups and businesses that are being built adjacent to Axie.

Like they have nothing to do with it and there are all these entrepreneurial people who are attaching themselves to this fervent community and building really cool products, profitable products and businesses alongside it. And that to me is like a very cool framework for people in our community to think about is like when you find a fervent community it could be Axie Infinity players. It could be Harley Davidson riders.

What can you go build for that fervent community that matters to them and that will attach to them that can be a great profitable business. There's so many opportunities out there and that was really cool to me to see. And also just the next 10 years I'm really looking forward to seeing this vision that he explained actually play out and see is he right?

Is it going to be a billion gamers worldwide doing this play to earn thing? It's a big vision. So I'm excited about it.

I had a blast. I just learned a lot. Let us know in the Discord what you think about play and earn.

Yeah. And let us know if you got any play and earn game ideas. Yeah, we want to get in there.

We're going to chat about it. We'll bring Jiho into the community after. He's stoked on it.

He wants to invest in the platform too, he said afterwards. So we're looking forward to it. Let's jump in there and jam.

Today's episode is brought to you by MarketerHire. With MarketerHire, you can get expert marketers on demand. It's easy and fast.

What's MarketerHire? Simply put, MarketerHire is a marketplace for marketing talent. They built a network of expert marketing professionals pre-vetted by top marketers from well-known and high-growth brands.

And then they use their proprietary MarketerMatch technology to match clients with the best marketer for every single project. And they match them fast, typically within 48 hours or less. There's zero risk.

You don't sign or pay anything unless you choose to work with someone. Many of my startups in the portfolio are using MarketerHire and absolutely love it. If you're a growing business, you will too.

Check them out today at MarketerHire.com. Again, that's MarketerHire.com. And tell them Sahil sent you.

What is up, you guys? Today, I am so excited to share with you one of my favorite companies, ButcherBox, my go-to resource for all my meat needs. If you've been following me, by now you know that I love meat.

Steak and beef are my favorite food in the world, and I really can't get enough of them. Well, ButcherBox has me covered. They've got the 100% grass-fed beef that I love, free-range organic chicken, wild-caught seafood for my wife, and a little bit of everything in between.

There's great flexibility. You can mix and match boxes, choose when it comes to you. So there's really something for the whole family.

And it all comes at an unbeatable value, generally less than $6 per meal. I've loved ButcherBox, and I know that you will too. Today, we're so excited to be sharing with you a special offer.

Free ground beef for life. As long as you keep a subscription going with ButcherBox. You can find that offer special for our listeners at ButcherBox.com slash room.

Again, that's free ground beef for life by going to ButcherBox.com slash room. You're going to love it. Join our free community at trwih.com.

You're going to love it. Like, everything. You're going to love it.

Be yourself afraid. Be yourself afraid. Be yourself afraid.

Be yourself afraid. You're going to love it. Don't be afraid.

You're going to love it. Then we're going to love it. What are we going to love it?

Have you mind and assist? Don't be farming. It's going to love it.