Hell yeah. Jackie is on the pod. I'm so happy.

He comments on this YouTube channel, but he's never been a guest. He's an SEO savant. The guy knows how to grow.

He's wearing green for growing. I'm wearing green because, you know, let's go. He's Canadian.

I'm Canadian. There's a lot going on. Jackie, what are we talking about on the pod today?

Yeah, I got a ton of stuff for you. I got stuff like how most AI companies are leaving money on the table, shouting out Peter Levels for, you know, not monetizing properly. We got how to research and market your AI company for free on like stuff like Reddit doing stuff that won't scale.

Not safe for work. AI OnlyFans adult niche stuff, which I'm heavy into right now. Might not be, you know, everyone's cup of tea, but a lot of money.

And we can touch on, I don't know if you guys care about this, but like how we were growing our paid community and we just were about to hit 80K this month and it's insane. So we can talk about that if you want, but I'll let you drive, Greg. Where do you want to go?

Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.

We've got around 45 minutes. I actually want to hit on every single one of those topics. So let's start with number one.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. So I got how AI companies leaving money on the table. My example is interiorai.com by Peter Levels.

Sorry, Peter. I love you. We talked about this in the past, but it's about 50K a month that he's leaving it on the table based on my calculations, based off of my, what I did with my own companies.

And it involves a lot of affiliate. And I don't know how you want to go through this. I got some, I don't know, Word documents open.

Yeah. Let's just, do you mind sharing your screen and we can. Sure thing.

Let's do it. So interiorai.com, DR58, which means unbelievably strong domain. I think what he's got here is, well, DR60 now, not much traffic, not much organic traffic.

So what I believe he needs to do is he needs to create like a blog section on the site and just create affiliate content for it. So I think it's a minimum 10K a month. I think it's a minimum 10K a month.

Easy. I did that with far and away my own DDC brand with a bunch of AI content. It obviously got absolutely trashed by Google because it was AI content.

But I think what Peter should do is probably approach like, like a true editorial. Come from a true editorial standpoint. We ranked for keywords like best knitting machine.

I don't know. He could probably go for best recliners, reclining sofa, et cetera, et cetera. And we were able to generate something like 11K right before we got hit by Google.

So, and this excludes, you know, display ads, so on and so forth. Display ads were doing like, I think 10K also in February. So in total we were doing only 20K a month, but that was with a DR, DR38.

So with a DR60, I can probably safely say you could do up to 15K a month in affiliate commissions easily. And there's tons more idea. Like if you create a directory like Yelp for interior designers easily rank best interior designers in LA.

That is right for the taking right now. It would be insane. If he, if he doesn't target it, it'd be almost irresponsible.

If he doesn't target it, if that makes sense. And on top of that, what I used to do is if we ranked for keywords such as best knitting machines, we'd reach out to Amazon, Amazon suppliers, pitch them. Hey, Addy, if you want to be number one on this list, you'd have to pay a flat fee of, I don't know, one to 2K a month.

And that's actually majority of where our money is made. We call it, I call it retail rank and rent for affiliate content. Keywords such as like best office chairs and reach out to Herman Miller, make them pay you X amount a month.

This, you can easily get up to 20, 30 K a month, just from ads, just running these product placements. It's disclosure is required based off of FTC rules, but it's an easy asterisk, I think. And I think not many companies are utilizing this.

Most AI companies are not. If you're just a typical B2B AI, B2B SaaS company, you can go after keywords that like Zapier goes after. I think I have one as an example, keywords such as best website builders, Zapier ranks for it.

It's insane. A keyword such as best website builder typically draws in anywhere from 25 to 50 K a month. So this is just how several software sites that I know of are not utilizing it.

But Zapier does a pretty good job. You could probably just imitate them and just copy it in my opinion. So go back to the document for a sec.

Why isn't Peter Levels doing this? Well, I did, I did slide into his DMS. I, I, and talked to him about it.

Um, he saw it more as spammy, but I think you could approach it in like a real way, you know, hire interior designer, write about these, I don't know, high ticket, uh, affiliate content niches, such as like larger pieces. I don't know, best infrared sauna, best, I don't know, sofas, leather sofas, stuff like that. Um, and handwrite it.

Don't maybe use AI assisted human edited type of stuff. Um, you don't really have to go pure AI spam. Cause then your chart will look like this, you know, feels bad, man, but you know what?

It was only this, um, my domain was only hit on a sub directory. Hence why I suggested that you put it into guides instead. So Google will just hit the guide sub directory and not your whole domain.

Cause this business is still operational far and away. And it does like significant revenue every month. Um, so yeah.

So did you see my little kerfuffle with Peter levels the other day? No, I didn't. What happened?

So, and, and I, I preface it with, I love Peter levels. Like he's on my Mount Rushmore of, of entrepreneurs. So I saw he tweeted him.

Let me pull it up. I'll share my screen real quick. This is what, this is what went down.

Cause I'm curious your thoughts on it. Quick ad break. Let me tell you about a business I invested in.

It's called boring marketing.com. So a few years ago, I met this group of people that were some of the best SEO experts in the world. They were behind getting some of the biggest companies found on Google.

And the secret sauce is they've got a set of technology and AI that could help you outrank your competition. So for my own businesses, I wanted that. I didn't want to have to rely on Mark Zuckerberg.

I didn't want to depend on ads to drive customers to my businesses. I wanted to rank high in Google. That's why I like SEO.

And that's why I use boring marketing.com. And that's why I invested in it. They're so confident in their approach that they offer a 30 day sprint with a hundred percent money back guarantee.

Who does that nowadays? So check it out. Highly recommend boring marketing.com.

Hit me. Can you see my screen? Yeah.

It's kind of small, but I'll expand it. I'll, uh, zoom in for y'all. So I saw this tweet.

Oh, no paid. About paid, right? No paid.

Yes. I saw that. No paid.

So he goes, my mega hat. So he created this hat. Make your upgrade again.

Has gone is going viral everywhere now getting lots of clones, but I'm ranking. So number one. So that's really nice.

First physical product I made. It's going really viral. He's selling one hat per hour, $840 a day.

He's super stoked. Um, and then some, this guy, Alfred Simon says, why don't you create a Google account and start bidding on it? Simple search ads targeting the same keywords to shopping campaign to get more exposure.

If you won't, others will do it. Some already do. And he showed a screenshot of it.

Cause there's someone on Etsy who's basically copying it. So Peter levels goes, ads never work for me. I'm a hundred percent organic guy.

And then my take on it is like, I don't, I just don't understand the I'm 100% organic ads. Don't work for me. Point of view.

So he goes, I always try, but it never work. I just spend lots of money and it doesn't result in sales. I think my ass might be too organic in nature to ever work with an ad source audience.

I also hate ads myself and have you block origin and one block. So that might explain the mismatch. What do you think?

I think it's different for consumer and maybe SAS products. SAS keywords are super hard to make it work. And I think as an indie hacker, I kind of might even agree with him, but in this scenario, exactly with the make Europe great again, he definitely has to run ads.

It's a no brainer, but I actually think there is a place for testing paid ads for even B to B space, even despite it being very expensive. Cause then I think historically what we've done is we would run ads on a target keyword and we would see the conversions on that. And after if it's pretty good, if it's a pretty good keyword, then we were targeted in SEO, if that makes sense.

Um, yeah, it's like a, why not type of thing. You don't have to spend too much, you know, as long as it's the data significant, I think we're a okay to proceed. You know, that's all you have to do.

If you were Peter levels, how would you think about doing paid marketing for interior AI, let's say like, and how much money do you think is on the table, honestly, in paid ads for his subscription model or just, yeah. Okay. Yeah.

I mean, if you just throw interior AI into the, um, into Ahrefs, you could probably take a look on, I'll share my screen again. Yeah. So if you just take a look at his keywords, AI interior design.

Yeah. It's pretty cheap, honestly 0.78. And one mistake, uh, I think a lot of SaaS companies face is they would run paid ads directly into their homepage.

You need a dedicated landing page because ranking on Google is different than like a super CRO page. You know, you got to have something hella converting, like a squeeze page on for, for everything paid. Um, but his keywords, these CBCs are completely fine.

I think anything under a dollar, especially like in the 29 cents, it's a, it's a, just try it type of thing. Interior AI.com slash Lander, you know, just a squeeze page, get an email in there, get a free trial in there. Yeah.

No brainer. I think no brainer. Yeah.

Also, if I was him, I would do some creator stuff, like get a couple dozen creators, pay them, you know, 500, a thousand bucks a month to create, um, yeah. Sort of like tick. Yeah.

Like tick tock shop type content, right? Like interior AI is such a, it's such a viral concept. It's so cool and interesting that I think it would fly on, on platforms like IG reels and, and, and tick tock.

So I think, you know, getting some of those to do some of those people to do videos and then reusing those videos as ads to me makes sense. Yeah. I think, well, this came organic.

So what happened was someone did create a tick tock and it went viral and he got a ton of signups from that, but he just kind of just took it and then didn't try to replicate it. I think that's why he, he's got a very organic mindset. Honestly, I do too.

Like why spend money when you can hopefully get it for free. But I think you can, you know, put your thumb on the scale and probably push people towards, uh, you know, that virality direction at least once in a while. Yeah.

Yeah. When I, whenever I see a organic piece of content generating a lot of sales, to me, it's not like it, my first reaction is, okay, how can I reuse this piece of content and put paid spend behind it? Yeah.

Cause, cause, cause you validated it. Yeah. It's like the ultimate, probably meta or tick tock ad you can run.

You could just run literally just boost that probably annual convert. Yeah. Why not?

Why not? I think his, his interior AI.com does, I think 30, 40 K a month, put 5 K of that into budget, test it out. But then again, he has a lot of other things going on.

That's probably why he doesn't manage to do all these things. If it's like just one thing, I'm sure then we can give him a bit more flack for not focusing on it. You know, totally.

Yeah. All right. Anything else on interior AI before we move on?

Yeah. I think besides the affiliate stuff and paid ads, those are pretty big ones, but that's it. That's it.

All right. Let's move on to the next topic. All right.

Researching and marketing your AI company for free. Um, it's a super easy Ahrefs search. I'll just share my screen and just, we can take it, take it from there.

Do, do, do. Keyword Explorer. All right, here we go.

So all I did was I went to Ahrefs keyword Explorer. You can do this in SEMrush. You can do this in other free tools.

All I did was type in best AI and let the tool do the rest. And what we're looking for is a, if you already have your own app, then I would find the keyword that best relates to your app. If you're still in the research phases, I would, they have this nice neat little graph that shows like where it's heading.

So you want something that's, you know, exponential, something juicy like this AI video generator. That's probably something you could target. However, most people will think, Hey, Jackie, what are you talking about?

This is so competitive. How am I going to create something like this? You know?

Well, I think Peter levels has, has, has been working on AI video generator. I'm sure anyone can plug and play nowadays. It's so easy to generate.

I'm, did you do an episode on it too? Like an AI video generator? Um, I've, I've talked about AI video generators, not a few times, not, not a full episode on it, but it's, I have done, I have talked about it and it's totally doable.

Yeah. Yeah. So something more of like grindy you can do is if you notice the front page of this keyword, it is all super competitive domains like Zapier.

You're not, you're not going to outrank Zapier and nor are you going to be able to pay them off and rank number one. But if you see number two, we got Reddit there. That's where we come in.

And if you click in here, you'll notice you can share your thoughts and that's exactly what everyone should be doing. All right. You should be sharing your app in Reddit.

However, you have to be commenting from a third port, like third person point of view. You comment, whatever it's like, Hey, I actually used, I don't know, indexes of free AI video generator. Um, check it out and do not, whatever you do, do not link to it.

Cause link automatically flags stuff on Reddit and then you're going to get your account clapped. So all I recommend you do is, you know, just a text, text, comment, no links, comment, your branded keyword. Um, and next up is you can either ask your friends to give it upvotes or there's a ton of upvote services out there.

I'll vote it rinse and repeat. Do this across all the keywords that are relevant here. That is relevant to AI video generators.

Um, all the long tails. And just reap the benefits. Um, why, you know, this works is if you search for any VPN keyword, you'll notice the top comments are always Nord VPN.

These guys are already dominated. Yeah. So all you have to do is replicate what Nord VPN is doing in the AI niche because no one is doing it in the AI niche.

For some reason it is so easy and you're able to beat out Zapier, Syntasia, even YouTube in the search engines. Like where else can you manipulate Reddit comments and just like get free traffic nowadays. It's probably only short form content or Reddit.

That's how you can beat the big guys with, you know, VC budget. But yeah, this is, this is, this does not scale at all, but you can get your first 50 or a hundred users from it. For sure.

And I think the other thing about, I mean, we can go into this, but like the keyword volume on all these on, on AI stuff is like up into the right. So yeah, look at huge. It's only going to get more.

Yes, sir. And, um, yeah, I think another one I found was AI voice generator. Holy cow.

And it's number two is always Reddit. I don't know why Google is prior writing Reddit. So, so hard right now, cause it's so easily manipulated.

Um, I know cause we have to do it, but, um, yeah, it's insane. And if you just want, if you don't even want to develop an app like this, all you have to do is join an affiliate program of another AI app and then just promote theirs there. It's that easy.

Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of these programs pay anywhere between 20 to 50% MRR.

Insane. Which is insane. Yeah.

Yeah. For a couple of comments and a couple of friends voting you on Reddit. Why not?

Yeah. Yeah. Share your thoughts guys.

Share your thoughts. Yeah. I think that one's kind of crazy.

That one's kind of crazy. Um, and it's the only way I think nowadays for you to beat out these VC funding companies, cause they're probably bidding on these keywords on Google and look at the CPC 1.5. Uh, do, do, do, do, do.

Where is this one? 1.2. So that is actually pretty expensive compared to, you know, earlier our example with Peter levels, uh, interior AI, which is at like 20 to 70 cents.

These are insane keywords because they have best in the keyword. So it's higher buyer intent typically, but yeah, now you can get capture a bunch of volume just from Reddit, just from Reddit comments. Golden age right now.

Like imagine getting free traffic, free high buyer intent traffic from Reddit. Yeah. Bonkers.

What are other, while we're in Ahrefs, like what are other ideas you have around beating VC funded startups? So it's just, you know, it's getting, you know, you have these A16 Z's of the world that have more and more capital. Some of these startups getting more and more funded.

You know, you're, you're a man of the people you really are. Um, how do you use tools like Ahrefs to, to arm you, to, to beat the big guys? Hmm.

I think typically what I do is let's say you have an AI detector. You just open up this like search results and find stuff you can replicate. Like, I don't know, like find stuff that they don't have full control of in the search engines, like Reddit.

Stuff that's like UGC. And even if you're, even if this subreddit doesn't allow comments, it shows that Google is prioritizing Reddit in search engines. And then you can replicate that in other industries.

There are other search results that don't show Reddit. So it'll show Quora instead. And then that's when you attack Quora.

There are search, certain, certain search results that show LinkedIn pulse, medium, all these like free UGC kind of stuff. Um, kind of grindy, but, uh, yeah, I think you just have to find these small little, I don't know how to, small little hacks that a 16 Z funded companies aren't going to touch. Cause they probably think it's not on brand.

They already have like a, I don't know, head of brand on their team. And they're like, yo, this is not a brand. You can't, you can't, you can't be out here doing this.

But you know, as an indie hacker solopreneur, you can, you can, you can get after it there. So you have to do things they're not willing to do. And that's probably like, looks bad.

Like the optics aren't great. That's pretty much what I do. Yeah.

I mean, even, even Peter levels, like you talked about, like one of the reasons why he didn't want to, to create that SEO content is he, he was feeling like, it didn't align with his brand basically. Yeah. But if you get ahead, you just have to ignore the brand signals, I guess, to start.

And then once, once you get up to the six figure MRR, then you can revisit that, you know? And then, yeah, why not? Also, it's like, do things, you know, I'm against his things that don't give value to the user.

But if, as long as you're creating value to the user, like for example, the guides that you're talking about, or even sharing your thoughts on Reddit, as long as you're giving value to whoever's consuming the content, fair game. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm shocked that more people aren't doing this. Cause if you go into these subreddits, number one is like, like, sorry, let me share the tab.

Like they're recommending stuff and using URLs. Sure. But it's just not great.

You know, it's right for the taking. I'm surprised no one has spammed this yet. There's guys, you dropped the ball here.

What's going on? You know what I mean? I mean, it's just shocking.

I think it's at this point is irresponsible of them to do that. Yeah. A hundred percent agreed.

I mean, a hundred percent agreed by the, by the time this is published, this, this, this community is going to get after it. So thank you for sharing that, Jim. Of course.

Of course. And this actually leads well, actually, let me share my screen. This leads well into the next topic that I wanted to talk about.

Shh. Don't tell anyone, but I've got 30 plus startup ideas that could make you millions and I'm giving them away for free. These aren't just random guesses.

They're validated concepts from entrepreneurs who've built a hundred million dollars plus businesses. I've compiled them into a one simple database compiled from hundreds of conversations I've had on my podcast. But the main thing is most of these ideas don't need a single investor.

Some cost nothing to start. I'm pretty much handing you a cheat sheet. The idea bank is your startup shortcut.

Just click below to get access. Your next cash flowing business is waiting for you. The first thing I've been talking about is the not safe for work.

Look at this search volume. But most importantly, look at that KD keyword difficulty. This is why I believe more people should be in it right now because people, there's like some sort of taboo thing going on.

People don't really want to touch not safe for work, porn adult industry. It is popping off. I first hand experience.

It is horrifying what's going on. I'm shocked when my fiance leans over and looks at my screen. I just have to say it's for research purposes only.

You know what I mean? It is. It gets crazy.

It gets crazy right now. So I think a couple ideas I had was the AI OnlyFans. We got not safe for work, AI girlfriends as well.

Some of these companies are doing an obscene amount of money. That is shocking. I mean, even to me and I'm in the industry.

So I don't know if you've worked in this industry before, but did you know like majority of AI, sorry, the OnlyFans revenue from creators right now isn't from the subscription. It's always from the upsell in the back end. And it's always from- What's the upsell?

The upsell is like- The chatting. Yeah, it's like chats, private parts rating. So people pay to get their private parts rated out of 10.

Custom photos, just chatting for, you know, custom photos, custom videos, so on and so forth. And most of the time you're just chatting with a VA in another part of the world. You're not even talking to the creator, but these like, unfortunately, lonely men or women are- none the wiser.

So, idea was creating an AI chat that pushes people down the funnel to the eventual VA that comes in as an upsell, like a closer, so to speak. There are some already out there, but this is something that will be targeted. It's more like B2B space, because then this app would have to target OF agencies, so on and so forth.

But it's really bad out there, the software. So, I'm sure you can have some sort of AI agent and then just push people down the funnel and then eventually have a human at the under-end close people on private parts ratings. Another idea I had was, you know, AI generated OF custom videos and photos, because right now they're just- they have a bank of photos and videos.

And when people request it, they would just send one for like 10 bucks, you know what I mean? And then the VA would get a commission based off of that. But yeah, there's a lot of, I think, use cases for AI in this space right now.

Because some of the numbers I'm seeing is obscene and surprising to me because I- yeah, it's not something I dabbled in growing up, you know? Didn't you- don't you have some sort of OnlyFans revenue? I do, I do.

But that's- so what I do is I push OF traffic from organic sources and then I just get paid like per click. But it's not like I'm not doing management or nor am I doing software or- yeah, but I think massive opportunity here. I don't know- because I don't know any of the tech side, but I thought your audience might, you know?

Yeah. Yeah, this audience. I mean, there's going to be some people who listen to this and be like, you know, I don't want to do that space and I totally understand that.

To be honest, personally, I wouldn't want to do it. And there's also going to be someone who's going to listen to this and be like, wow, this is a huge opportunity. I want to create something in the space that's super high quality and I want to make millions of dollars doing it and they're going to do it.

Yeah. You got to do things other people aren't willing to do. That's the theme of the episode, I think.

But this space is ripe for the taking. The example with the keyword difficulty earlier, like the- Yeah. Not safe for word keyword.

That's a gift. That's a gift. When you see something like that, I mean, I don't often see that.

Yeah. With that search volume and keyword difficulty. Yeah.

Insane, no? Two? Yeah.

Two is like- How do I- Two would be equivalent to like, can dogs eat lettuce type of keyword. Difficulty. Like it's- Yeah.

Like ridiculous. So easily get out there. But then not safe for work is kind of iffy in rankings with Google.

But if you just do it right, I think it's okay. I think it's okay. Cause the reason why it's so low actually, let's take a look at the search results actually.

It's probably because Zapier wouldn't target it. See? Yeah.

You know, the high competition, like the high authority domains aren't targeting it. We'll get into like, you know, the not safe for work domains. Look at this.

Holy cow. DR8. Guys, DR8 you can get tomorrow.

What is going on here? Yeah. Yeah.

This is- You guys go out and create something like this. I don't know if that's like- If that's something you guys are willing to do. I think this is a massive industry that- I don't think frankly, because it's so uncomfortable to talk about.

Like I'm uncomfortable. I'm like sweating right now. I don't even know what I do with my hands.

Totally. I think that's why it's so- The difficulty's so low. Yeah.

I mean, 100%. It's- I'm speechless, dude. I don't know what to say either, right?

Like I don't want to- So that's why, right? No one- You know, no one- Not many people want to get in this industry. Yeah.

But this industry is being completely upended right now and being changed as we speak that, you know, due to AI. And maybe there's some positives to that, right? Like maybe that means, you know, if there's AI- If it's AI generated, you know, it makes the space safer.

So maybe there's just like some good things that can come out of that and some altruistic things that you can do as well. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, speaking- I mean, if we're going down this rabbit hole, I don't know if you've heard of the AI girlfriend space. It's actually pretty intense. Oh yeah.

It's actually quite sad too, because a lot of people fall into this and then they're spending hours a day chatting with this AI girlfriend, quote unquote. And actually one of the founders is in my community and they do a lot of revenue per month is all I'll say. Like a lot.

And isn't that one of the main traffic like use cases for character.ai or whatever is people are- Yeah. Using it as like an AI girlfriend, right? Exactly.

That's crazy. So there is a massive need for it, but all the not safe for work AI girlfriends out there right now are so poorly done. It is, I don't know.

I don't know if it's because you and I are more of like digital native, so we can spot AI like in one way. Like in one glance, right? Like, oh, that's AI generated.

But I guess it will only get better from here, right? Or you could probably try to execute better, like the photo realism or, you know, more realistic videos. But all the competitors right now, as of right now, for the not safe for work AI girlfriends, they're all super wonky in the chat.

Sounds kind of cringe in the chat. I don't know. For research purposes only, obviously, when I was testing them out.

And all the photos are super obviously AI. So I think there is actually room for someone to come in and do it better. But yeah, this is a mid six figure to even, I would even go as far to say seven figure opportunity per month, MRR per month.

And people who are doing this, small team, like under five people, under five people. So not something I would personally touch. This is where I actually draw the line.

Cause not something I would touch. Yeah. It's dark.

It is dark. Cause I think we've, I don't know if you saw the news, like some, some guy committed suicide because of. I saw that.

Yeah. Like it's dark. Yeah.

It's dark, but yeah. Huge industry and obviously a massive need because people are getting loan, lonelier in the digital era. So yeah, not something I would touch, but if you guys, if your audience, some of them want to get in there, like swimwear, you know, good luck.

The opportunity is there. Awesome. I think the last topic you want to cover because I know we're running out of time is, is the paid community side.

What do you want to talk about there? Um, I think I want to talk about how it actually exceeded my expectations in terms of the growth. And I think what I've chatted with you a couple of times about it.

I was like, yo, I don't even know what, what I'm doing right now. Um, when I first started the community. So I, to give your audience some insight, it's like, uh, just a community of SEOs where I openly share tactics.

And what it's really become is like a bunch of people sharing what is working and what's not and massive need for it. The other communities online are like slower pace. The people in the communities are more like in-house SEOs.

Whereas with my community is like really grinders. People are trying to make money on online. There's people who are trying to get their first, you know, 2k a month through all the way like seven, seven figures a month.

Um, but what I've noticed is there's a massive need for a community online right now. I think that's why Hormozy is going all in on school and why I don't know how to describe it, but there's like some people are seeking connection right now. But I, I'm just, I just so happened to be right place, right time.

Uh, we met, we're about to crack 80k this month from just subscriptions, which is bonkers. Cause I didn't want to be that guy who's selling a paid community and it, for it to be like one of my major revenue sources. I always dunk on people who were like main revenue sources guru, you know, but what can I say?

I'm, I'm a guru now, I guess. Uh, but how do you feel about the space? What do you think?

What do you think I should do? I mean, we're, we're, we're like blowing up. I don't even know.

We're still on a free Slack channel plan. We're still on free Slack. I don't know.

What am I doing, dude? Here, here's my take. So I'm, I'm a community guy.

I love, I, I think there's a huge opportunity in communities, but I, I, I think of it as you're not selling community. You're actually selling transformation. So when you say people come in and they're saying, here's what works and here's what doesn't.

At the end of the day, the transformation that you're probably selling is, hey, come into this community. And by, by being a part of this community and learning tips and tricks, you're going to come out of it here as like a 10 X better SEO person. And what does that mean?

Ultimately, it means that you're doing 10,000 visits a month. You're going to get to a hundred thousand visits a month. And that's what I think, you know, what people miss on the community thing is you're not just selling like, hey, get access to hang out with me.

Like I don't, you know, those communities end up dying because it's so hard to figure out the liquidity of like posts to comments and getting that all in there. I think if I were you, what I would do is think about how do I, like, I think about less about building a membership, sorry, less about building a community and building and more about building a membership. So it's like, what is the de facto membership for these types of people?

What are the things they want? What are the discounts that you can provide? What are the, what is the software you can provide?

How do you call up Ahrefs and be like, we need 50% off for our community and bundle that in? So that's what I did, you know, as an example, like I run one community called startup empire.co. And it's basically people like who listen to the show and, and who love building and who want to build cash flowing businesses powered by audiences powered by community.

And I like reached out to like, like school, for example, and anyone who joins startup empire gets a free membership to school. Oh, like that costs $99, right? Like, and, and, and doing things like that.

So if I were you, I'd be thinking about partnerships and, and building your own software and bundling it into it. Hmm. Yeah.

That's an idea. And don't think of it as a community. Think of it as a membership.

I see. Yeah. That's a good show.

I think. But you know, what's surprising to me was all the subscription subscribers come from my own. My crappy 15 K subscriber YouTube channel.

Isn't that crazy? Like I would say 90% of that. It is, but it also isn't because your, I've watched your videos and you do some weird stuff on your channel, which is you start off each video by having some creatine.

Yeah. People drop off right away by the way. Yeah.

And you, you do things like it goes against every best practice about YouTube to go and just be like, okay, it's the beginning of the video. I'm going to, I'm just going to go and spend 30 seconds to two minutes pounding some creatine and you're going to watch me do it. Yeah.

Holy. Yeah. You know, and, and you do things like that and it creates trust with the audience.

Like your audience loves it, you know? And I think little things like that, like you, you, you have 15,000 subscribers, which doesn't sound like a lot, but my whole take is in B2B and in the, in the space we're in, like you can be the Mr. Beast of your space with 15,000 YouTube subscribers.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I, I, I do know the, the SEO space on YouTube is very small. That's probably why. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. And one of the things I talked to you about was like, should I stay in my lane?

You know what I mean? Or expand. And I think you mentioned like, do a bit of both, like sprinkle it in and try it out.

So I think that's my goal. Well, yeah. Yeah.

On YouTube, I think that you do, you want, you want videos that are specifically designed to attract top, top, top of the funnel. Like people who are like interested in SEO, but aren't SEOs. And then you want some like more mid funnel.

I'm in it. Creatine watching you drink creatine. Those types of people who are, who are more diehard.

But I do think that like going back to how to beat VC funded startups, like YouTube. Yeah. YouTube and, and member YouTube and memberships.

Like those two things, YouTube memberships, communities, like those are the things that, um, a lot of, a lot of venture backed startups aren't doing. Jackie, dude, this has been a pleasure. Comment, comment if you want Jackie to come back.

Um, he said, he calls it, he says it how it is, you know, and I appreciate that about you. Um, and, uh, Jackie, tell the people to like and subscribe and comment. Just tell them, tell them.

Yeah. Comment whatever, uh, keywords in the title. It helps out in the YouTube algo so much.

You guys wouldn't believe it actually. So just as an SEO practice today, find whatever keyword is in the title and then try to comment that in the comment section. That's actually one of the ranking factors on YouTube.

Did you know that? No, I didn't. So for example, if I'm trying to rank for backlinks, I would ask my audience to comment backlinks.

And then I would appear number one on YouTube for that search. So whatever keyword you guys think this video is about, comment it and it'll help us out. Appreciate it.

And Jackie, where could people get to know you better? Probably X is the best way. Uh, find me at indexy or just search Jackie Chow on Google.

You can find me everywhere. Um, the, by the way, uh, disclaimer, the YouTube is not for everyone. So do not subscribe if you're, yeah, it's, it's really not for everyone.

I got a lot of complaints and like, I get DMS on Twitter. They're like begging me to stop eating creatine. But I think at this point it's too late.

You won't stop. You won't stop. Yeah.

Give me, give me a quick pitch on, and on why creatine is important. And, and why do you do that? It's a nootropic actually.

Do you know that? Um, and also it's really good for recovery. If you work out, um, it helps me out a lot.

It, the nootropic thing part is pretty crazy. Uh, I think your audience should Google some of the research that's come out about it. It makes it so you can function on less sleep.

Um, so. But I will say I take creatine. My trainer told me that it's okay to take creatine, but you have to be hydrated.

Cause if you're not hydrating, uh, it'll affects your, your kidneys. Um, and, and bad stuff can happen. So take creatine, but also hydrate yourselves.

Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You know?

All right. Later, Jackie. It's been real.

Take it easy. Thank you. Peace.

It's sipping time, baby. It's three guys in bed. It's sipping time, baby.