In a world of commoditized products, how do you stand out and become not a product people want to spend money on, but a person that people want to spend money on? Yes, exactly. And you buy the product because this person has given me so much value in my day-to-day life.

Therefore, you're like tipping the creator's journey. This is the beginning, like this packaging where the people are in the packaging is the beginning of a bigger trend, which is they're going to take more and more real estate. Like the chocolate you see over here is still 99% of the packaging.

The people is only 2%. In the future, I'm sure it'll be like 50% the people, 50% the chocolate. Yeah, might even be the opposite of what it is now, where it might be 90% the people and 10% the chocolate, which could be interesting.

All right, Justin Welsh, Mr. Solopreneur, you don't do a lot of podcasts and somehow I convinced you to take some time from your vacation to come on and jam startup ideas with me and startup ideas for Solopreneur. So thanks for coming on.

Yeah, of course, man. Greg, it's really good to see you. And I know you swung through my living area many months ago and we got a chance to bite tea together.

And so here I am ready to talk startup ideas. So you have a few ideas on your list here. Maybe let's start with the first one because it's something I've been thinking about too.

You want to hit it? Yeah. So I've been thinking about especially having grown my following and been approached by some publishing houses in the last year or so, just like the approach to becoming a published author.

And I've talked to a bunch of my friends who are creators or entrepreneurs and have followings. And they have kind of some of them have started the book process. Others have finished it.

Some are trying to decide whether or not to get into that process. And it feels like it's really cumbersome. And there's a lot of unanswered questions.

It feels like the negotiation, the advance, picking the agent, picking the editor. And maybe it's because I'm removed from it and I have not been through the process. But it feels cumbersome.

And it feels a bit scary and intimidating. And like you might get into something without having all of your questions answered. And so I'm thinking, and I made a note here around AI, but I'm thinking through that process in general and how do we make that process easier?

And since I kind of jotted down some of these ideas, I actually think people are starting to approach that problem already. I saw the guys from Basecamp have come out with something called once.com. I haven't done a deep dive onto it yet, but it seems to be a way in which to get your book out pretty quickly.

I believe that James Clear and Tim Ferriss are working on something as well that seems at least tangentially related to that. So my big question around that is just like, how do we streamline the process of becoming a published author for folks that don't want to go through the really difficult process of doing so? So I think you're talking about WriteBook, which is the Jason Fried product, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe it's WriteBook. That's right.

Once.com was the product before that. I'm confusing the two. You're right.

Yeah, WriteBook. Exactly. Yeah.

So WriteBook, I just pulled it up. Instantly publish your own books on the web for free, no publisher required. So this is basically, it looks like, it's how do you make book publishing as easy as blogging?

Yeah, exactly. Yeah. It's under the once brand here.

Yeah. I use Hey.com, which is a product from the Basecamp guys. And I love all the simplicity that they build into their products.

And like, if anyone is going to attack that model, this doesn't seem to be tied into becoming a, you know, New York Times bestselling author or getting published under a big brand. This seems to be a way to sort of instantly publish your own book. But I actually think that is just as good an idea as disrupting the traditional, you know, publishing model.

Like, this seems to be faster, better, easier, have less friction for those who want to get started. And like, do we see a major disruption? Do people in 10 years not publish with huge publishing houses anymore?

Is everything done through something like a WriteBook? And I don't know, there's a part of me that says that that's possible or likely. Yeah.

So something I've been thinking a lot about is how do you how do you create an AI powered book empire? And so it's less about Justin Welsh or Greg Eisenberg wants to create a book and like, yeah, maybe we work with Penguin, or we do a once.com, but more about how do we how do we create 100 books in a year? What would that look like?

And I've got actually a step by step framework for how I would go about and do it? You want to hear it? I do.

Yeah, I'm very interested. And then I'll argue whether I think it's a good idea or not. Totally.

I love it. This is perfect. And this is why I brought you on is because like, we can chat ideas.

And you're a guy who called me on my stuff. So I appreciate that about you. Okay, so if I wanted, okay, how to build an AI powered book empire in 2024.

So the first thing I would do is I'd use clode or GPT for I'm actually, I'm using clode just like 99 times more. Yeah, it's just way better. So let's just say use clode to brainstorm 100 plus book concepts based on trending topics.

Then what I do is I'd analyze Amazon's bestsellers list with the Jungle Scout app for gap identification. So are you familiar with Jungle Scout? I'm not.

No, I'm looking up now. Yeah. So a lot of people who are not in e-commerce have never heard of Jungle Scout.

But it's basically, I think it started off as a, I want to say a Chrome extension. And it allowed people to see competitor insights and keyword analysis on different products. So you can go on to, you know, call it a, I don't know, a teapot.

And you could see that this teapot used to be priced at $40. And now it's on $30. And they've sold 4000 of them today.

So I would use this with books because I can basically just see like, okay, what's selling, what's not selling, what are the trends? And I don't think many people are doing that. Then what I do is I'd use chat GPT or clode to generate detailed book outlines based on some of these trending areas.

Are you with me? I have like a million more steps. Yeah, yeah, I am with you.

I'm just like, quick ad break. Let me tell you about a business I invested in. It's called boringmarketing.com.

So a few years ago, I met this group of people that were some of the best SEO experts in the world. They were behind getting some of the biggest companies found on Google. And the secret sauce is they've got a set of technology and AI that could help you outrank your competition.

So for my own businesses, I wanted that. I didn't want to have to rely on Mark Zuckerberg. I didn't want to depend on ads to drive customers to my businesses.

I wanted to rank high in Google. That's why I like SEO. And that's why I use boringmarketing.com.

And that's why I invested in it. They're so confident in their approach that they offer a 30 day sprint with 100% money back guarantee. Who does that nowadays?

So check it out. Highly recommend boringmarketing.com. I wonder from a long term perspective, if everyone's writing 100 books.

And by the way, I recognize that not everyone's going to do it. People always ask me, what if everyone was a solopreneur? So I get that.

It's a stupid question. But if a lot of people are doing that, does the art of writing a really strong and powerful book with compelling study and user experience, does that die? Do you think about that when you outline this stuff?

Or does that just sort of you separate yourself from that as you're thinking through it? I think the reality is AI is going to devalue the majority of content, period. So in a world where it makes it easier to create any sort of content, book content, video content, podcast content, tweets, posts, whatever, it's going to be devalued.

And it's going to be harder for artists. Let's call them artists. People come up with unique perspectives, point of views to stand above the noise.

That said, once they do stand above the noise, or they are recognized as unique, I think that there's massive amounts of staying power. And I think that the top 1% of artists are going to make 100 times more in the next 10 years than they will in the previous because there's going to be such demand for curated experiences. But that being said, I think that there is a gap and an opportunity right now to do some arbitrage around creating content with AI and automation.

Now, that doesn't mean that it needs to be a book by Justin Welsh. It could be a book by Jane Wells. Sure.

That I somehow don't believe that AI will overtake those things. I do. My big concern around it, and not to cut you off on your book idea, but my big concern around it is you say people are going to become experts or have a very unique point of view, and there's going to be staying power around that.

I think a huge concern that I have is how. So someone gets one inch into a journey that they're really excited about where they have a really unique and meaningful perspective. And like, you're talking about using Jungle Scout to see trends, like there's going to be much more complicated software at that point in time.

Someone's going to see that right away and say this person is getting some form of traction and like before they can get traction and get a leg up and get staying power, let's just steal that. Let's just take that. And so I just wonder, like, how does someone go really deep, get a ton of traction in an area of expertise, and like stand out in a sea of people creating hundreds and hundreds of things based on what that person has already just started?

I feel worried about that. I struggle to envision a world like that. Does that make sense?

Yeah, it totally makes sense. And I'm happy you bring it up because 70% of the people listening to this are having the same voice in their head. So it's good that you're bringing it up.

Okay, let's think about the world before the internet, or at least early internet. People were probably having a similar conversation around Sure. You know, okay, I'm a print designer, and now anyone could create art on Photoshop or MS Paint, and it's so much simpler and faster now.

Doesn't that like destroy art? Doesn't it make it? Okay, now there's going to be 1000 times more artists, because, you know, you don't have to go to the Parson School of Design, and you don't have to like buy canvases, you can just like fire up your, you know, Microsoft 3.1 or whatever it was called and, and or MS DOS or whatever, and just like start playing around.

Yeah, I think like, being a creator being an artist is going to evolve. And there are going to be tools that are going to make it ridiculously easy, i.e. Jungle Scout in 20 in the year 2030.

But I still think that if I'm trying to like learn, let's just say I want to be, I'm really into coffee. And, you know, I was a barista for five years, and I wanted to create content and create a business around coffee, that's not a coffee shop. I could still use Jungle Scout and learn like what's selling what's not selling, and then come up with my own point of views, and create a business around it.

And hopefully, yeah, you know, it is it is a way more competitive space today, you know, in this time than it would be in the previous. But I my point is, I think not using the tools is a risk, a very big risk. Huge risk.

I totally agree. I'm not anti AI. I don't find it to be a particular, particularly fabulous writer at this point in time, it's certainly getting better.

Claude is the best I've seen, right? Like I think chat GPT writes pretty terribly. I've tested it out on a bunch of different things.

But like, again, we're only a few years into this thing, like, fast forward 10 years, I think it's going to be tremendously different. I think about someone like Jack Butcher, right? Yeah, he's like, like, like, as internet are in by the way, that's only because this is my ecosystem.

So I might be blind to those who came before him, and we're creating something similar. So I'm speaking within the realm of my, what I know on the internet, like when he came out and started creating art, like, he got some traction, it became, oh, I can look at that and know that it's something by Jack, like I can see his style. I know that's a visualized value piece.

And as we've kind of gone over time, like, you know, you've had maybe five or 10 or 15 or 20 or 25 sort of knockoffs of that, you know, and it's kind of getting faster and faster and faster. And I'm I fear for a world and not to kind of again, take this back full circle to like what I worry about. But I do feel for a world or fear for one, where a Jack Butcher gets traction on one piece in the next day, there are 10,000 pieces just like that.

And it's like, how do you stand out in that noise? And it's a question worth answering. Like the answer is, you have to.

And I just, I just wonder what a world full of noise looks like. The way you stand out is you are Jack Butcher, you will always be one step ahead of the competition. And no one could compete against Jack Butcher in that in that sense, only Jack Butcher is Jack Butcher.

So today, today, today, today, but, you know, okay, if I want to compete with Jack Butcher in an AI world, what do I do, I study all his previous work. And I basically, I become Jack Butcher's brain, but Jack Butcher's brain is essentially Jack Butcher up into today and previously. Now Jack Butcher could decide to go from black and white to red and yellow tomorrow.

And that and then they it does, it does become a game content then becomes a game of right. Jack Butcher and mouse. I think that's what that's the trend that is, is, is beginning.

Yeah, I fear for that trend. Like, by the way, it doesn't mean it's not happening. Like, who cares what I who cares what I think emotionally.

But I do like wonder what a world like that feels like. Jack Butcher I mean, it sucks. It's I hate that world too, by the way, it just to be clear, like, I hate it.

And it's not fun. Because people like me and you who like put stuff out there, and we spend so much time like crafting things. And then the next day, it gets copied or duplicated.

Jack Butcher Totally. Jack Butcher Totally. Jack Butcher Totally.

It feels, it feels wrong. But the point I, you know, that's the that's the negative side of this. The positive side of this is there's there is a ton of opportunity to, to be building things in this world.

Jack Totally. Totally. What's the point of an original thought if the next day, it's duplicated to an infinite degree?

Jack Exactly. Jack Butcher I do, I do agree that there's tons of, I was just watching a video on someone using perplexity and clode to do like SEO. Jack Butcher I do, I do agree that there's tons of people like SEO optimized articles and like, he was prompting perplexity and clode and like, couldn't spell.

And I was like, this is what happens. Like people can't spell. Like they don't even know how to like do common reading and writing.

And I'm just like, is that a word? Like, do we need to know that anymore? I guess not.

But maybe I'm just like a classical person. But like, I was just, I was very flabbergasted by that. Jack I'm gonna get back to the book steps in a second.

Jack Yeah, yeah, sorry, sorry, sorry. Jack But before I get back, I have to say this little story. Claude was down yesterday.

Jack And I noticed Claude was down. I'll be honest, I was trying to like, use it for a software project. And I wanted some help on it.

And I went on to Twitter, and I was like, is Claude down? And a bunch of people were saying it's down. And I saw a tweet, someone said a very well known entrepreneur, I won't tell you who it is.

But a very well known entrepreneur says, I literally thought I was gonna have a productive morning today. And I can't go to work because I don't have Claude. Jack That's kind of scary.

Jack Yeah, that's what we're moving towards. But it's a muscle. It's like riding a bicycle.

Like once you stop writing on your own or thinking on your own, and you let something else do it for you, it atrophies. Jack Totally. Now, with that being said, let me tell you how you can use Claude to make $100,000 a month.

Jack Sorry, sorry, sorry for getting off your book idea. Continue. Jack So then you got your outlines.

So you've used ChatGPT or Claude to make the outlines. Use Claude to make the chapter drafts. One of the things I would do is I would write, prompt something like pretend I'm the editor.

And here's the 10 ways in which I write. And just give them detailed instructions of how you write. And you can train that.

I could train that based on Justin Welsh. Jack I could say, here's a hundred posts that Justin Welsh has done. Write like Justin Welsh.

And then bring out. Jack Justin generally is a very clear thinker. And he generally never buries the lead.

These are things that you can pull out and that you can put into Claude. Jack Yeah, their projects, their projects functionality is pretty amazing. Jack That is, yeah, exactly.

Jack Yeah, I find that the projects functionality is light years ahead of like ChatGPT's memory and things like that. Jack Totally. The project functionality in itself is worth the $20 a month.

Jack Oh, 100%. Jack Yeah. Jack Then you can use, not many people know this, but Grammarly, they've got like an AI for, well, a lot of people know it, but I've been using it a lot recently for just real time editing and proofreading.

Jack You can also use Jasper AI for content generation. And like if you, because you're going to be reading a bunch of these, a bunch of these articles that Claude's going to be outputting and you might be like, wow, this is actually not that good. So if you need new ideas, you can use something like Jasper.ai.

The Hemingway app. Have you ever used that? Jack Yeah.

Yeah. I use it to make sure that my writing is at a certain grade level for my newsletter, my social content. I know about what my audience likes to consume at.

So I use it almost, almost daily. Jack Can you talk, can you talk about how it works and, and how you use it? Jack Yeah.

So, so basically the one functionality I use inside it is grade level. And I want to keep my grade level writing between seventh and eighth grade. Like I've run multiple, like a battery of tests against both my newsletter and my LinkedIn content.

Jack Can you talk about how this canats engage through my læpik content. If your 것은 online and Instagram boxes look at you that in the coded modifications神 is overloading and beyond the of 올inges. I think I should be able to do that by coming in the香港 as well because I wouldn't read those label ones.

Jack Can you talk about the types of 밝ations that you want to implement your Parets. Jack Can you talk about the쇠. Ever gotten paid in your classes like I read the orxo, about the cloud and my parameters.

overwrite when I make when I choose too many words and I make things too complex and so I love Hemingway for that and I often realize that when I write I use words that to me seem simple because they've become part of my lexicon from working in startups for 20 years from being around people who are certainly more academic than I am and so Hemingway helps me kind of bring that down seventh to eighth grade reading level I've written in third fourth fifth sixth seventh ninth all the way up to 12th and I will look at impressions I will look at reply rate on my newsletter I'll look at engagement and that's seven to eight for me is just like where where it hits there you go that's that's really helpful to know I actually I should do that I'm and uh but yeah with a book it's also equally uh important so you want to put that content into Hemingway and check uh check the readability and and areas that you can improve there's a tool called then the next thing I do there's a tool called book stat I had never heard of it uh but heard about it just and I you know through the research of this um and the coolest thing it does is like our our buddy Sahil Bloom is um launching a book and wouldn't it be cool to see if you know if I was competing against Sahil Bloom in terms of his book how many pre-orders a day is he getting um and the trend around that so um it's basically a subscription data service and I think you're going to see a lot of these pop up just a lot of these subscription data services in a bunch of different industries um but it just gives you real-time stats um that'll help you uh change the positioning of your book title chapters um and help you around the marketing of it that's really interesting I often wondered if there was a tool like this like um you know just very candidly as I've watched like Sahil and Ali Abdaal launch their books um I mean the consumer or even their friends um have very little visibility into you know there's there's rah-rah around it and like you might assume that it's selling a thousand copies or five thousand copies a day but um the reality could be very very different um and when someone's not like a New York Times bestseller my question is always like how close were they or like what was the gap between them you know making and missing the mark and this is a service that it looks like I could kind of figure that out which is really interesting really totally and it's you you actually go on their website and it looks like it's a website from 1999 totally I'm like what is this this is um the next thing I would do is uh you have to templatize your your book so it has to you can use uh I think it's lulu.com they have a AI powered formatting tool so it's it's ready for print print um but you'll also need a cover design so you know could you use AI uh to create the cover design yeah you can use dolly 3 or mid journey I'm starting to feel that a lot of those tools are just like you can tell it's AI generated I don't know totally yeah oh totally yeah it's it's just like I don't know it feels like commoditized to me at this point um it's supposed to be new and unique and interesting but like every visual that I see and by the way I'm not an AI artist and most people who use it are not AI artists with the prompts so they're just getting generic output and so everyone's generic output looks exactly the same um yes you know I'm sure I'm sure if you're a professional you know digital artist who understands AI prompting you can probably make something wonderful but for 99.9 of us that's that's not us exactly so you can use um you can use an agency we have an agency that we built design science scientist.com little plug there um and uh you know or just find someone go to like upwork or or or fiverr or or whatever whatever your budget fits and and uh get a human to design it nothing wrong with that the book cover matters like the book cover really really matters it's like one of those things where in youtube land they say it doesn't even matter what your content is all that matters is your title and thumbnail uh it's very similar in books where the title matters a ton and the cover matters a ton yeah a friend of mine is a 12-time new york times best-selling fiction author writing crime and he's he's in his 80s and he will tell me all the time like he'll have a really creative idea for a book title and he'll run it by me and my wife we're like we like that and then he'll bring it back and be like the publisher is actually going with something much more simple and I'm like oh I don't like that at all he's like yeah but it describes what's inside of the book and I was like right right that makes sense that makes sense it's the same with youtube right it's like yeah totally it's the same so then I would uh there's also another uh company I I found they're called blurb.com um they also allow you to do layouts so the layout of your book which cool about blurb.com is they have these templates so you can like go and make a children's book and then they have these like children books templates or photography like let's say you want to create a cooking book you can you can do like a photography one um so I think that's really cool um and again in our world no one talks about this stuff yeah you've strung together like the most ai tools in history to do a really cool process like I'm I'm actually um really impressed you know I I go about as far as perplexity chat gpt and cloud um these are all really interesting I feel like my this audience loves like tools so yeah and I feel like you appreciate this stuff too it's just like we're all looking for unfair advantages yeah in some way or another so another thing that is really useful I think is Spotify I think they might have bought this company but they've they they I don't know if they bought it or they incubated it's called find findawayvoices.com and uh I'm pretty sure they actually allow you to do an ai narrator selection for audiobook production wow that's yeah cool so you don't even process that's a huge process yeah it's a huge process and especially if you're if you're Jane Wells and you sound like Justin Welsh you don't want you know you don't want to be going into record you know renting recording studio and and recording for for three days straight sounding sounding like you sound yeah it's it's really interesting as you're as you're going through this like um I mentioned something during the book design part where I said you know 99.9% of us aren't AI artists nor do we understand how to prompt AI to create beautiful art and I may have just answered my previous concern or question where it's like how do you become the next Jack Butcher well it's no longer about the stroke of the brush or the the how you move the mouse it's more about prompting like how do you become a world-class prompter which in which in turn the outcome is world-class art so I guess I have to like focus my brain on thinking about how how the world changes that way and what being great at something looks like and I think it's going to be a lot around prompting it is and you know just this morning I was talking to a finance someone on my finance team and and she was like what is this charge here this charge here this charge here and I'm like oh man have I gotten carried away with AI tools and just like premium tools like are we going to spend on one hand I was like scared but then but on the other hand I'm like listen maybe I'm spending five thousand dollars a month on these tools but uh you know if you you wouldn't bat an eyelash at paying someone five you know a salary five thousand dollars a person at five thousand dollars a month right like sixty thousand dollars a year so I think that's what's going to happen is these software tools from a percent of your costs are just going to increase versus human beings yeah I was talking to an entrepreneur the other day who will remain nameless seven-figure entrepreneur in the like digital sort of knowledge space and like um has a team who basically takes his uh content and chops it up and creates it you know for for different social platforms and he's like I'm kind of frustrated because their prices are going up and I was like how are their prices going up like explain that to me like with all the AI tools available right now like the service they provide their prices should be going down or you should be like you should be spending one day next week like designing all of your prompts and if you really want somebody else to write your content for you like the following week you should be able to press a button and do it yourself like uh I can't imagine like service companies for copywriting right now like having the gall to raise their prices maybe I'm wrong on that but like I don't know I see that going away fast yeah yeah I I agree I got a couple more tools for you and then and then our book will be launched our empire will be launched um draft to digital number two draft to digital so their tagline we are self-publishing with support self-publishing on your own is kind of daunting I've actually explored this it's daunting even think about how many steps we just we just went through um so draft to digital um is services and tools to help you with the publishing the distribution the layout and the print on demand paperback so they just give you a little bit of support very cool yeah I think this is going to be a huge industry just like getting helping people produce longer form content whether it's AI created or not irrelevant like in getting it to the masses in forms that they're used to I think it's going to be just right for like tons of players as you're already showing me right here right I've got tabs open right yeah and and and you can you know what I love about some of these business models like draft to digital is they don't they don't charge you they just charge 10% of the retail price so they they can tack on a little fee so you would have charged $20 for a book now you charge $22 $2 goes to them um so anywhere anywhere where you can do a pay per performance or pay per usage or pay per task model I think is is going to be interesting to people like here's a question I have that maybe you haven't thought about or maybe maybe you have and you'll answer here in a moment but I've got one two three four five six seven eight nine different tabs open at the moment um as you kind of go through this creation like who becomes the who takes all these point solutions and becomes the all-in-one for this yeah I think that's that's like an interesting question is why do I have to use nine services for for producing one outcome like why can't I use one service for that let me just pull hold on one sec I want to pull up a name of this new app okay so I I first of all I completely agree that it's overwhelming and what's going to happen is each vertical is going to consolidate and you're actually starting to see this in mobile too did you see this app that just came out the other day called hero assistant it's pretty interesting um if you think about our mobile like our our iPhones let's say we have to open up our calendar we have to open up our weather we have to open up our mail we have to open up instacart reminders they're all separate apps and it's getting overwhelming it's the same issue that it's one of the same issues that you're describing in AI it's like there's too many different services I mean AI has two problems one is how do you find out about these services besides listening to the startup ideas podcast and then two and two is uh how do you how do you make it a cohesive simple experience and in in mobile you just have the issue of like you have the app store so it's easier to find the apps but um what hero is and is really interesting and is getting a lot of people talking is it just brings all those apps calendar weather perplexity instacart reminders into one interface really cool I'm like I'm looking at right now yeah I think that's what's going to happen in AI but not yet because we're still in the soul searching trying to figure out use cases phase yeah this is I think this is this happens in every single every single problem that I have today in my business is solved by several different point solutions that don't communicate with one another this is like the last startup that I helped build was a medical startup that essentially did exactly that took every point solution a physician used and put it together in one all-on-one solution sold it at a better price right and that's why it's 200 million in revenue today um I see that exact same thing coming to everything that a creator does everything that a writer does everything that an entrepreneur does will be like at first spread out amongst nine to ten different apps and then put into one and I think that's like how do you become either one of those ten or the one yeah that is like a really big idea that you're sharing which is how do you be the node in all these different industries and someone listening you know it doesn't need you don't need to pick a node in like publishing which might be overwhelming but you can pick a node that's like in a sub niche um and still be that and it's and those businesses have huge sticking power and are great to create can I give you an example of something that I've been thinking about recently um so as a creator across multiple platforms like let's think about my workflow on a regular basis so everything that I do starts with a tweet right like I might try and think of something interesting or useful to say on on x right um I throw those out there because there's a short feedback window so you know you you get feedback in 10 minutes you know whether this thing's going to go well or go poorly once you once you push it out there um since I'm pushing stuff out there on a consistent basis I have a lot of pieces of content that I can choose to use in different ways oftentimes what I'll do is screenshot that add some context it's a LinkedIn post right do that a couple times a day figure out which one works the best I can take that same screenshot same context move it over to Instagram copy the tweet bring it over to threads like there's just a million ways to sort of organize this stuff that in and of itself is one problem that needs to be solved because like going back and forth between different notion tabs different publishing tools becomes very cumbersome and confusing then add to the fact that inside of every discovery platform I want to bring my audience to my website have them do a deeper dive on learning about me and what it is what problem it is that I solve um so every piece of content has to have a relevant piece of deeper long form content that is related to it so I can drive someone naturally in the next call to my website so hey you want to learn more about this or want to go deeper on this go check out this article go check out this newsletter I have a repository of newsletters and articles it's not easy for me to find which one is most relevant and therefore make it the call to action it's like that's another problem that should be solved with one click of a button I use cloud projects for that but today cloud projects doesn't talk to tweet hunter or tap leo or any of the publishing tools that I use then I want to meet smart interesting people who I can start to network with on social media I do that on platform I do that on LinkedIn I do that on x I do that on Instagram that doesn't exist in the publishing tools doesn't exist in cloud so like there are these disparate problems um that I have to solve through all these different tools and I'm thinking to myself like why not one tool why can't I do this inside of one app and why don't I build that why wouldn't you build it I would yeah I mean it's something that I'm very interested in building um I figure you know if I solve my own problems I'll probably solve a thousand other people's problems totally but you're you're not actively building it today right it's just an idea potentially I love it I love it say less my friend this is a big idea I I you know I also have the same issue which is um even though I use less tools than that um in content I still feel like I'm going from place to place and I'm getting basically like content whiplash that's how I feel same why can't I focus on writing one good idea like even if I don't want to use AI for that and I just want to write myself like because I like to write but once I write one good idea why can't I hit one button just be like go all the places you're supposed to go and do all the things you're supposed to do that's I I just want to be the creative like I don't want to figure out how to stitch together all this different stuff just like let's build that that automation now right for fun and hit the button and everything works that's that's the world that I I envision AI being fun in in less uh taking over creativity I guess yeah and there's there's you know this could be really big like we often forget but who tweets a billion dollar company even on the indie hacker side like I just had Tebow from Tweet Hunter on he sold it for 10 million dollars so um there's a lot of demand for creator tools and um if you can build this efficiently uh I think yeah I think people would pay for it and and very candidly this is my opinion by the way I like I can't I don't have data to back this up but I think I can in a in a weird way which is like I use Tapleo and Tweet Hunter and I like Tebow and I think his team builds really good products um but in a way in a way many of the products that are on the market today and it's not just in the creator space or the publishing space um are not too dissimilar from one another uh they are becoming more and more commoditized and I think what is most important is if somebody uses it and so what I'm seeing is like the companies that are standing out in the publishing space like a Tweet Hunter or a Tapleo have the big creators behind it the big creators use it the big creators talk about it they sponsor the big creators newsletters they're in front of the big creators audiences and like you might look at that in another tool and they might at first glance look relatively similar but if you know that I use it or Sahil uses it or you use it you're just more inclined to use it as well and so I think for someone like myself how do I leverage how do I use that advantage uh you know as I'm thinking about both solving my own problem and building something that isn't commoditized and then combining it with um you know a brand and a person who's known for creating content those are things that are kind of percolating in my mind at the moment so what you're kind of saying is it's similar to like the Mr. Beast chocolate feastables it's like why are you buying a feastables over Hershey's chocolate bar it's like I know I Mr. Beast is my guy I love him I want to I want to show you something real quick I just off camera right before I came on I had this thing called a midday square have you seen this product I have not so it's like a it's cool packaging functional yeah so if you're not watching on this YouTube on YouTube by the way if you're not watching on YouTube just go to YouTube and subscribe and comment and like do those things but here it is the midday square cookie dough flavor and you when you when you pull it into the other side what do you see oh three faces who are these three people they've been actually building this company this is Jake uh this is Jake Nick and Leslie they're the three co-founders they've got like hundred plus thousand followers and they've been building this business in public the highs the lows uh creator led company and you buy the product because I mean the product's great but it it's also because you want to it's almost like a tip you're like tipping the creator's journey you're like this person has given me so much value in my day-to-day life therefore three bucks for the chocolate bar dude totally I actually think like I buy from a lot of creators just as a tip yeah like there there are creator friends of mine who create something that I absolutely have zero interest in I'm consuming and like when it comes out I'll buy it because like you know if I read a hundred of your tweets and a thousand of your posts and I read your newsletter every week like the least that I can do it's your small businesses least I can do is give you a tip so when your product comes out I will buy it 100% and I think a lot of people operate that way some people don't but a lot of people do I think most people operate that way that's fair even subconsciously subconsciously some people are the opposite yeah some people are completely the opposite yeah yeah but I I appreciate you sharing that because I think that's I think that's big in the future is like in a world in a world of commoditized products how do you how do you stand out and become not a product people want to spend money on but a person that people want to spend money on yes exactly and I think you're this is the beginning like this packaging where the people are in the packaging is the beginning of a bigger trend which is they're going to take more and more real estate like the chocolate you see over here like is still 99% of the packaging and the people is only 2% in the future I'm sure it'll be like 50% the people 50% the chocolate yeah might even be the opposite of what it is now where it might be 90% the people and 10% the chocolate which could totally yeah you'll be like why am I eating oops I hope I'm not eating like a leg right now cool I like that that's cool I might have to look for that product or at least follow their story I'm not familiar with that cool um Justin this has been great uh didn't think we'd go here but we this has been fun it got my my creative juices are flowing how you feeling feeling good man I didn't expect to go there either um uh you had way more um tactical information on on the book stuff so I I think your audience can someone will run with that um I think what I hope that people take away from this is like a lot of the stuff that we talked about in just solving your own problems I think a big part of startup ideas at least in the future is going to be being cognizant enough to pause when you actually have a problem like I go through problems all the time day after day after day the same problem and it actually takes me like weeks and sometimes months to pause and be like why haven't I solved this like what's a much because we're so busy and we're so heads down that that becomes a problem and I think um a lot of folks if they can make themselves stop and think through those things we'll we'll start to see ideas flowing in much faster than they normally do amen if people uh people want to support justin welsh and find you on the internet where where could they go they can go to justin welsh.me that's justin w-e-l-s-h.me uh they can follow me on x or linkedin and uh that's about it they can subscribe to my newsletter the saturday solopreneur send out one newsletter every saturday morning four minutes or less 220,000 solopreneur subscribe they can and will cool great all right great chat with you man good seeing you my man later see ya you