Can Manus AI build you a million dollar business within 18 months? Let's find out. Now, I've been playing a little bit with Manus, but I wanted to just sort of get to know it more, learn more in public.

So this episode is basically you coming along with me to learn if Manus could give us an idea to make us a million dollars in 18 months. And I want to lean towards a AI idea. You know, if you've been a long listener of the pod, you know, I've built and sold three venture-backed businesses before the age of 30.

I spend most of my time thinking about ideas and I want to see if Manus could actually do something worthwhile. And I'll be honest with you, if I think the idea sucks, but I think the reason I care about actually playing with this is if it could figure out what trends matter and if it could figure out what, you know, problems that we should go after, this is going to be huge. And if it can't, then it can't.

I have played with Manus before and came into some challenges. So let's see if it's changed and let's just go right to it. So Manus, okay, we are here.

Let's give it a task. So I want to create a business that's going to make me $1 million and call it 18 months. I think that YC's latest batch, Y Combinator's latest batch is really interesting.

I bet that there are other AI agent or AI startups that are more niche that could be created that isn't in this batch. I also love looking at Reddit to find trends for business ideas to create. I want you to act as my AI co-founder for this process.

In fact, I'm actually live recording this. Actually, it's not live. I'm recording this whole process on my pod, startup ideas podcast.

So don't mess it up. Best case is you give me entire plan, maybe an MVP design, minimal viable product of the business of my dreams that'll actually work. And let's just see what the hell happens next.

So it says, I'll help you create a business plan that could potentially reach a million dollars in 18 months. I understand you're interested in AI startups, particularly more niche opportunities than what's in the YC's latest batch. And you'd like me to act as your AI co-founder.

Let me start working on this right away for your podcast. I'll research YC's latest batch, look for a niche AI opportunity, analyze Reddit trends, and develop a comprehensive business plan with MVP design. So the Reddit trends, you know, if you've listened to the channel before, like I'm obsessed with looking at Reddit as a way to figure out if there's startup ideas.

So I'm really curious to see if Manus has the ability to go through Reddit and just comb through and give us, you know, give us some great ideas of subreddits that could be, that we, yeah, we could just surface some, some great ideas from subreddits. So if you're watching my screen right now, you can see that Manus is actually using a browser and it's check, it's at YCombinator.com. It's looking at all the AI companies.

It's looking at 2016, 2014, you know, so what I don't like about this is, you know, I want recent. Oh, okay. So it says it's researching YC's latest batch.

So it's actually going through the website and it's looking what's new, what's old. So that's really, really cool. I was, I was thinking that it was, it was going to just take all the old ones, but it's great that it's only looking at the new ones.

So just let me make this, can I make this bigger? Oh, interesting. So there is a button that if you wanted, you can take control of Manus and you can actually use Manus's computer.

Really cool. So what I've noticed about Manus is if you want to do a, a prompt like this, it's going to take 10 to 15 minutes. So just so you know, like it's not going to take a minute or 30 seconds.

Like this generally takes 10 to 15 minutes, but you know, we'll see if it's worth it. Okay. So now it's looking at AI assisted startups funded by Y Combinator YC 2025.

Okay. So while it's browsing and figuring stuff out, I want to show you, um, a few use cases of Manus and, and it'll just get your creative juices flowing. So when I log into Manus, I noticed that they included basically these use cases of how do you use Manus.

So for example, um, Oh, list of YC companies. Let's check this out. So if you're looking, if you're looking at my screen, basically it's, it's showing a prior prompt.

So this is 18 days ago, visit the official YC website and compile all enterprise information under the W25 winter 2025, uh, B2B tag into a clear, well-structured table. Be sure to find all of it. So what it, what it is doing is it's what, you know, it's basically taking all this unstructured data, making it structured.

Um, and this is super helpful information because like, let's say you want to reach out and do cold DMS, for example, or honestly, this would have been useful to, to actually use this. You can download this as a PDF and actually upload it to, um, to our prompt around. And we might, we, you know, we might end up using this.

We might want to actually use this in the end, but basically like using this and uploading it to our, you know, million dollar, 18 month idea. So really cool that you can take unstructured data and make it structured data. Let's see a few other use cases of Manus while we're, while we're waiting for our business plan to finish.

Let's see if anything, I know trip to Japan, like, you know, chat TPT could do that. I'm looking for really, really interesting stuff. NVIDIA earnings report analysis, like using Manus as a financial analyst, that's pretty interesting because like that will help people make money.

So what is it's doing? So you upload four final annual reports to Manus and it's analyzing it. It's exam, examining the revenue composition for each year and creating a comprehensive table, as well as analyzing the changes and NVIDIA's cost structure.

Um, cool. So it's analyzing here. This is something that an analyst would do, right?

Like, um, at a big bank, you know, at JP Morgan, you're paying people hundreds of thousands of dollars to do this and look, you know, look what's happening. This is crazy. Okay.

So it's showing the revenue by reportable segments. It, it, and a pretty nice, like clean table. Um, and then it does an analysis on it, right?

So, um, the compute and networking has, has grown, has shown extraordinary growth, 215% increase graphics, data center gaming. It goes into each category. And I guess, how can you use this to make, uh, trading decisions?

Well, you, you can then prompt it and be like, um, you know, historically speaking, you know, is the stock expensive or cheap? So I think that's an interesting use case for sure. Let's do two more use cases before we check out what's happening with, uh, our business idea.

Contract reviews is an interesting one. Um, I'm like afraid to send things to my lawyer because I'm like, every time I send him something, I get a bill for like $1,500. So, um, of course you're not supposed to make Manus or chat GPT your lawyer, but let's be real.

A lot of us are already doing that. Um, so you upload a contract example, please review this contract or you upload a contract, please review this contract thoroughly, identify all errors and provide both the revision history and corrected version. Wow.

So you can actually do an analysis of any error. So, you know, what it says here, Manus says after reviewing the sales and purchase agreement between tech vision dynamics and Midwest industrial, I've identified several errors and inconsistencies. And it's just, what are you noticing about Manus is it feels like just a little more horsepower than chat GPT, a little more horsepower than perplexity, a little more horsepower than clode.

So, um, it's because of this like multi-agent browsing, uh, sort of capabilities, I think. Um, I mean, I'm, again, I'm, I'm going through this for the first time with you all and learning. It just feels like that's the case.

I also really like that it has like, here's all the documents for review. Like it feels like I'm actually working with an AI co coworker. Okay.

Should we do one more? Let's do one more. Okay.

So this prompt is please convert my API input and output Excel file to a Word doc API documentation. So basically crazy that, uh, you can use Manus on a, on a conversion basis. Um, so basically, I mean, not, not the most sexy, uh, prompt, but the fact that you can actually use it for conversion, um, that's pretty damn cool.

Okay. We're going to do one more cause I want to just boring, but is, you know, use boring, but useful. Let's do one more.

We'll put it in the WTF podcast editing. Ooh, let's do two more from WTF and then we'll go back to the business. Please cut the podcast audio into a two minute highlight reel of key quotes.

Select sentences with clear viewpoints of interesting content, ensuring smooth transition. So basically you can up, this is crazy. You can upload a wave file and it's going to create a two minute high highlight reel from it.

So it's analyzing the audio to identify key quotes, clear viewpoints and interesting content than extracting complete sentences that flow well together. Like, let me get started on this right away. Whoa, this is, this is, this is wild.

This is take, you know, I got to take a sip of this, uh, this non-alcoholic beer. Okay. So it's basically showing you the quotes and all the different timestamps, um, and you know, the most interesting stuff.

So I think that's really cool. And then at the bottom, you have, uh, you know, the, the, the, the actual, uh, audio file and the transcript for you. So that's really cool.

All right. Now no more waiting. Let's go check and see how our, how our business is doing.

Were they able to find trends? Um, okay, here's where we're at. So interesting patterns I've observed.

Many YC startups are focusing on vertical specific AI solutions and legal healthcare finance and retail. This is music to my ears. Why?

Because I wanted to, I know, I know this, I know this, but you know, I wanted it to tell me this. I wanted it to pick up that pattern. And I find that in a lot of, uh, the other AI products, I haven't, I haven't gotten that from them.

AI agents and automations are amazing. A major trend with companies building specialized assistance for specific workflows, significant investment in AI infrastructure and tools help others deploy AI. General AI applications are being applied to video production, app development, and document processing.

Several startups are focusing on making AI accessible through no code and low code solutions. I'm now got, I'm moving on to analyze the broader AI startup landscape beyond YC's portfolio. Would you like me to focus on any particular aspect of the AI landscape as I continue my research?

Um, so I didn't say yes. So let's just see what happened. So two minutes ago, uh, Manus has completed the analysis of, you know, the broader analysis.

They've got some key findings. Number one, vertical specific AI solutions. Number two, agents automation.

Okay. So, okay. So I've identified several promising market opportunities, AI solutions tailored for industries with limited AI penetration.

Okay. This is interesting. Making powerful AI tools accessible for small, medium sized businesses, services that help AI integrate into their workflow.

So these are good. These are really good. I've, I've seen portions of that, this on other AI, uh, on like the chat GPTs of the world.

So I really, I really want to see if they're, you know, if they can go deeper here. So right now it's, I'm, I'm now moving on to specify niche AI opportunities, not currently covered by YC startups, which will help us pinpoint potential gaps in the market for our business concept. After that, I'll research Reddit trends.

Thank God. Excited about that to identify emerging consumer needs and pain points. Would you like me to focus on any particular aspect of these as I can continue my research?

So, um, um, I'm gonna say, man, as you don't need to just do consumer. It could be B2B too. When you're on Reddit, I want you to focus on trends and pain points that exist within subreddits.

The best businesses do well because of the, um, tailwinds of a trend. So I'm particularly interested in building businesses based on trends. So the other cool thing about Manus is when you, when you use something like chat GPT, um, or Claude, when you, when you type it, you had the LLM is thinking.

And if you want to just add, you know, say like, say something else, you have to stop the prompt. But what's really cool about Manus is you can, it's, it's multi-agent, right? So it's, it's doing its things and it's able to listen to you and multitask basically.

Um, okay. So Manus says, I understand completely. We're going to focus on B2B and B2C.

And it's starting to research now to identify trending topics, recurring pain points and emerging needs across various communities. Now, one thing I've noticed is you do, you do have to tell Manus this stuff, right? So I know just, I know that Reddit is a good source of this, of this information.

I know that the alpha exists within Reddit. A lot of people don't know that. So I, I will say that you can't rely on Manus to, to basically say, hey, build me a million dollar business and just like say, go wild.

You do have to do the right prompts here. Okay. So I'm looking at a document that Manus has created niche AI opportunities analysis, 2025.

Um, so it says, here's some key niche opportunities. So AI co-founder for specialized industries, why it's a niche opportunity while general AI, you know, assistance exists, there's a gap for deeply specialized AI partners. So that's really cool.

Current YC startups focus on general assistance or narrow task automation, not comprehensive business partnerships. Okay. And then it tells you an implementation approach.

Start with specific vertical, train on specific data, provide comprehensive support across marketing, 50 to a hundred dollars for basic features. Okay. I mean, these are, these are interesting, uh, ideas, silent refactoring as a service for legacy systems.

Too technical for me, too technical. Number three, let's see. Um, this is interesting.

So personalized information chains for professionals and highly regulated industries using AI to curate, summarize, and deliver relevant content about regulatory change and compliance requirements. This is like a really good, this is a really good idea. So you basically focus on professionals and regulated industries, healthcare for information overload.

Um, and you just create a media company, um, around it. This is, yeah, this is, this is good. That's a really good one.

I like this. I like that one because like the wine, you know, when you're building a business, you have to ask yourself, why now, why should this business, you know, exist now? And the wine now is a lot of these, um, well, it's actually a few reasons.

One is you don't want to open up like a magazine or a journal. If you're in a regulated industry, like you want an email or text about things, you know, things that you should know about. Um, and, uh, so there's that like changing of how people consume media.

Uh, these, these industries are getting more and more complex. Um, and the why now most important why now is the AI allows you to wait, you know, to, to track everything, right? So you can do this, what used to cost a lot of money to, to go in, uh, you know, hire a team specialized team, uh, who understands all these regulatory changes.

Now you can just use something like Manus to actually go and figure all these stuff, this stuff out. So that's like my, that's my favorite idea. Um, from this, it's cool.

It does, it does do an evaluation of opportunities against the YC portfolio. I think that's really interesting. And then it gives you a recommendation for the highest potential opportunity.

And it says the AI powered micro consulting for SMB is the most promised promising. So I didn't even go through that one, but it says it addresses a clear market need has a straightforward path to monetization. Um, I actually think the most interesting one is niche specific AI information aggregation for regulated industries.

Um, so me and Manus were, you know, we don't agree all the time, but I'm happy. It gave me multiple ideas. Now let's see where we're at with the Reddit analysis.

I've completed my analysis of Reddit chance for potential business ideas. Okay, cool. Key insights.

So it gave, it gave five key insights. And then it says the most promising opportunity that continues to emerge from our research is AI powered micro consulting for SMBs. An AI solution that provides expert level consulting for small to medium sized businesses at a fraction of traditional costs.

Um, addresses a clear market need across multiple Reddit discussions has a clear, clear path to monetization, can leverage existing AI technology and offers natural expansion opportunities across business functions and industries. Rides the tailwind of increasing adoption by small business. I mean, this is obviously not a bad idea.

It's a, it's a good idea. And the truth is it's, it's the easiest to get going, right? Like in that sense, you know, small to medium sized businesses want to understand what is happening with, um, you know, AI technologies specific to their industries.

Um, and if you can help them figure that out, uh, you know, you do a pretty, you, you would do pretty well. Okay. So it, it gives us a text file, um, which we can check out.

And this is the text file of the trends, the pain points and business opportunities. Um, so you can see AI automation for small businesses. So it's giving all the trends, it's giving the pain points, giving the opportunities.

This is interesting, but I think that what I would do if I were you or me, honestly, is I would, I would try to figure out, okay, like I believe you, Manus, but what makes you say, and maybe we should ask it, um, like what makes you say that this is a key trend? And so I'm going to ask it. So Manus, I believe you with what you're saying with these key Reddit trends, but I need to know if these trends are supported by data keyword, um, you know, or I'll say like, Google trend, like data or, you know, subreddit growth data, what sort of data can you give me to make sure this is legit?

I mean, I'm asking the tough questions here. You know, I think, um, um, when I read this, like, it makes a lot of sense. Um, but I, I need to know, I think one of the reasons why I like some other tools like Google trends is, I mean, when I go on Google trends or H refs or whatever, or, or gummy search or any of these tools, um, I could see some data to support some of these trends.

So it, you know, it's abstracting what Mattis is doing is abstracting away the data for me. I'd like to see the data. I don't know about you.

I like to see the data. So if this can figure out, you know, with some Google trends data and subreddit growth data and just metrics, I would be like, this would be a gold mine. Um, and while that's figuring that out three minutes ago, Manu says, I've developed a comprehensive business concept for spark console AI and AI powered micro consulting platform for SMBs.

I can do a million in revenue within 18 months. It dresses a clear market gap, small business need expert consulting, but can't afford traditional services that cost 150 to $500 an hour. AI powered consulting agents specialize in key business functions at a fraction of the cost, 49 to $500 a month.

It's kind of interesting, right? Like you saw this with, uh, the commoditization of service businesses, you know, design pickle, for example, I think they were selling, I don't know, $40 million a year, $80 million a year, some large amount of revenue. We probably can ask Manus where they were saying, okay, it's $500 a month, unlimited design.

And I assume that that's going to happen in, in this space as well. Like you'll be, someone is going to create the design pickle, but for, you know, AI and agents. So if you can do that, um, there's, there's a path to a million dollars, that's for sure.

Maybe even more. Okay. So I've compiled, Manus has compiled the data to validate the Reddit trends.

So it's looking at McKinsey, Salesforce, U S census bureau. Like, no, I don't care about that stuff. Like I actually care about Google trends stuff and subreddit stuff.

Okay. So here we go. R slash small business, 47% growth in subscribers.

I, AI, like that's not helpful to me. AI agents, 312,000. Yes.

That's interesting to me. Um, but I, I need more. I need more.

I, I think, um, I don't know about you, but I feel like, I feel like I'm still hungry for more data around the trends. And I'm going to say that I feel like I'm still hungry for more data around the trends. Give me Google trends like data.

Um, and give me insights as to which keywords are most interesting to build the business around. And let's see what Manus says. Uh, you know, I think the most interesting data here is just like the subreddit growth stuff.

Um, I mean, it, it's, it is interesting to see. Google trend shows industry specific AI church searches growing 2.5 faster than generic business AI searches. I know.

So it's like, so tell me, tell me more about that. Right. And maybe this isn't a madness issue.

It's just, you know, again, it's a prompting issue. Um, you're as, you know, I guess you're only as good as the prompts that you're going to do. I will say though, I am loving, I don't know about you, but I am loving the fact that we've got a browser going.

We've got multiple browsers going, things are happening. Um, and I do feel like I'm making progress on this idea. So what happens when we click here?

So you can, when you click over here, you can see the different, the task, uh, progress. So we're at eight on 10. So it says, uh, we basically, you know, we're in the comprehensive keyword trend analysis.

Then we have design minimal viable MVP strategy, prevent comprehensive business proposal to user. I feel like what's missing from this Manus is I like to see, I've never seen Manus design a landing page. I don't know if it can do it.

I'd like to see you design. You think is the highest. You think has a lot of taste and will get people talking about the business.

I don't want your average website. People forget about those. Can you design something for me and be my AI product designer?

Do you do that? And let's see. And let's see.

So Manus is typing. Absolutely. I'd be happy to design a landing page with a unique eye catching aesthetic.

So which is, what's interesting here is that, you know, traditionally you'd go to V0 if you want like an AI product designer. Now is Manus able to create something beautiful, better than V0, worse than V0, as good as V0? Who knows?

That's what we're going to look for. But you can do, you see here that Manus is using terminal right now and building a landing page. Like this is crazy.

Manus is gathering keyword trend data to inform MVP design and implementation strategy for smart consult AI. What happens if I click use Manus as computer? Like I don't, I just want to click into what happens.

Okay. Select an application to use. So you can go into VS code or the browser.

Interesting. So what's happening here on screen is Manus is building the landing page. I'm actually surprised that it's not giving us the designs before building it.

It's just building it. But let's see. Maybe they'll, maybe they'll build something nice.

I don't know. So I just clicked. It said knowledge suggestions, five pending.

I had no idea what that meant. So I clicked it. It says suggested, sorry, suggested knowledge.

Knowledge enables Manus to learn your preferences and task specific best practices. Manus will automatically recall relevant knowledge when needed. Interesting.

So this is just to make things go. So this is just to make things go faster, I guess, and more efficient. You can say, you know, when researching Reddit for business ideas and validating trends with data, here's what the content user wants trend and identification.

So you could make, you know, for example, in the past before when I was unhappy with the trend data, we could. Change that change that for future prompts, which is pretty cool. Okay.

So we see, let's see what Manus is up to. So it's, it's still creating the file. I will say, I do love that you can just watch what's happening live.

This is a greater trend that's happening across all most AI products with V0. For example, you can see what's happening live. Perplexity, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat, chat.

So we're starting to see some of the copy. You can see expert consulting without the expert price. Honestly, pretty, pretty, pretty awesome tagline.

Pretty awesome tagline. healthcare services construction and trades this is cool because it's you know it's going into the niche ideas that it gathered from reddit and and some of the yc companies okay so it looks like right now it's designing again it's designing it it's taking a while three minutes almost four minutes i mean if we would go into v0 it would take a minute so you know i i hope it's i hope it's maybe we take two minutes but you know i hope it's nice i hope it's nice so while it's while it's uh figuring out the landing page uh it did come up with a business concept validation executive summary so this is kind of like a one pager um so it talks about you know the idea providing expert level consulting the target market a million dollars recurring revenue that's cool um the competitive landscape the tools that uh you'll use to create this um the validation from reddit and market research for example cost barriers quote unquote as a small business owner i'd love to get expert advice but can't justify 200 consultants from our small business really this is really cool this is my favorite part that i've seen wow need for so it's taking what it's seen it's taking literal comments from subreddits and validating your idea generic ai tools don't understand my industry specific challenges from our entrepreneur information overload there's too much business advice out there i need something that cuts through the noise with actionable steps uh implementation challenges i know what i should be doing but i need help with the how again from from a subreddit small business this is really cool it gives you the business model um i think that if i was actually building this business i would try to like go back and forth with it and be like well why are you charging 49 a month like what makes you why 49 like i think pushing back on manis is helpful we learned that from the the google trends data the customer acquisition strategy let's see what they say content marketing paid and social again this this is like yes i agree this is probably what you do but tell me exactly how to do these things like give me the actual tactics for how to do these things core platform features ai consulting agents i think the other thing to note here is this is too big of a minimal viable product to start with when you're building a startup you want you want a minimal viable product that you can that is you know attainable like you're not going to do this from day one marketing consultant operations consultant financial consultant strategy consultant you might do that over time but i think the most interesting thing here is being niche so i i wish that that wouldn't have happened and you would have to push push back here okay it gives you the tech stock tech stack the competitive advantages and the go to market okay gives you risk conclusion um overall i don't know 7.8 on 10 7.7 on 10 is like pretty good one pager and i guess my only like i said the only thing that matters uh that you really need to do is you kind of have to push it a little bit more okay so it seems like it's done seems like it's done so we're going to scroll scroll down and okay so it's designed a eye-catching landing page with an animated hero section interactive business okay can i look at it so it's just in a zip file i can't i can't preview it it's kind of lame man is okay let me open up the zip file by the way downloading from like a chinese website zip file with code be do be careful all right i'm gonna do it i'm doing this for the uh i'm doing this for the startup ideas podcast channel i'm doing this you know i'm opening it up making sure hopefully it works okay yo this is crazy this actually is beautiful it actually it's it's a beautiful nice website this is this is actually the fact that it has a free assessment like a lead magnet wow this is legit amazing like amazing what happens if you put put okay late checkout gmail okay retail and e-commerce my top business uh challenge growing revenue what happens okay interesting so then a business assessment i just think that's really interesting they did a pretty good job and then at the end finally it presents the business complete business proposal um and uh let's see would you like me to elaborate let's see oh it's basically just what we talked about so that's the business proposal so okay i don't know about you but that was pretty impressive we got like multiple good ideas multiple trends on the positive side i think that if you just continue pushing it uh on the trend side i think that um you know that's what this game is about right if in a world where anyone could create software you saw how easy it is to create software figuring out what is the brand what is the landing page what is the product and what is the trend how do you build something that's in a growing trend is going to be i mean that's going to help you actually build a business not just build a product so uh i think uh that on the positive side manis you know you you did pretty good here on the negative side you do have to know the right questions to ask i wish it would just kind of i wish you can just one prompt your way into into winning and and at this point you can't um i think you need to have taste you have to know the right questions to ask and and that's kind of the state where we're in i think that you know you with with manis you have an ai co-founder you have someone who can go and build things research things it does it really does feel like an ai employee but it's kind of like when you have a you know junior ish employee um you do have to manage them mentor them and get them to be smart and that's what this is so i feel like here's a business idea it's like helping how do you get manis from being like a junior a junior analyst to a senior i see and i think uh that's what this is that's what it's missing uh currently that's that's where i'm at with this uh i wanted to just do this publicly because uh you know i'm learning just like you're learning uh manis today is still uh still invite only i don't have any invite um codes yet um and um i know people in the comment section are going to be like this is a chinese company i have no affiliation with manis um i just think it's cool and it could be a tool to um to help you build your business i mean we're seeing it and like okay maybe i shouldn't have downloaded the html and run it locally on my computer but um you know if i was actually launching this i probably would want a developer just to look at the code um and i wouldn't be giving it sensitive information like you know i wouldn't be storing any payment information and stuff like that so um hope hope you've enjoyed this uh if you have please let me know in the comment section i literally read every single comment um you can like this video um and what that do is it'll give you more episodes like this um and in your feed and uh let me know uh let me know what you think um cheers to you hope you enjoyed this sip episode startup ideas podcast and i'll see you on the next one