A lot of people in Canada, they think they know what it's like to run a Silicon Valley business. Truly, they do not. They don't know what it's like to have worked at PayPal in 1999.

As the economy was crashing, they don't know what product market fit feels like. People all over the world read blog posts and Twitter, and they take those and they say, this is how a startup should be run. And because they don't feel it, there's a piece that they're missing.

Most people feel like they understand what working at a startup is and what it's like to work in a tech company. If they haven't been in one in Silicon Valley, they really don't know what it feels like, and they don't really know how to work that hard, and they don't know what product market fit feels like. Julian Smith, friend of the pod, New York Times bestselling author, probably raised a quarter billion dollars.

You can't see it right now, but has more tattoos and I think I have hair. Welcome back to the show. Yeah, thanks for having me on.

I appreciate it, and I'm a fan of the show. The VC market is hurting right now, especially with B2B businesses. You have enterprises just cutting back spend on things like software.

So I imagine the next wave will be B2C companies. Once consumers start tightening, they're going to be the ones that are hurting. It's already happening in Canada.

I saw an article today saying that the GDP of Canada was a surprise, and it's actually declining or it's contracting. As long as you don't run out of cash, you're doing something smart. You've extended your runway because you're in Canada.

One US dollar is 135 Canadian. So basically, if you raised $10 million, you now have $13.5 million. How has hiring internationally helped you run your business?

First of all, I knew from the get-go, even in 2019, when we were first ideating on this thing that we wanted to do it remote. Keep in mind, my last company was an office space technology company. And so because of that, there was no chance there was not going to be offices, and there was no chance it was not going to be an in-person business.

And the world was different in 2014 to 18 when I was CEO of that thing. But I was really clear on my boundaries. So my boundaries were I cannot be in an office every day, and there were a lot of things I didn't like about that.

And so I shifted, like some of our friends that you know, Greg, right, into a remote business that had different structure that are really results-oriented environments, and where people are hired based on talent, not really based on their geography necessarily, or in some cases, not even necessarily based on a common native language. We have gotten together in the past, either regionally or globally, like all as a team, and that really helps people gel together. But I will say that if people on the internet, like Keith Raboy and other people are telling me to go back to the office, legitimately, I don't know, maybe they think I'm a shitty operator.

I don't know. I don't think that I'm shitty operator. Clearly I've proven some things out at some point.

And so if they want me to return to the office, I would legitimately not be a CEO again. So this form of collaboration has helped me become an entrepreneur and a better operator and run a business. I think everybody that's running a business needs to run it by their own standards and what matters to them.

And so they need to run it by their own values, right? If they're becoming an entrepreneur, they need to run it by their own standards of what they want out of the life, right? Whether they want a quote unquote lifestyle business, derogatory term, or they want a venture backed business.

They need to figure out what it is that they want as an operator and as a sounder, and then go after that and actually actively exclude other things. And so here there is a Canada based portion of my business, but over time there was a set of hiring that happened internationally. And I would say it does present its own challenges, but it is absolutely worthwhile.

The way that we've made it work is, and the thing that's really mattered for us is we have driven towards a set of leaders in the business that are Silicon Valley oriented leaders. Like I think I've proven myself out as a CEO, having raised what I did and built the kind of business that I did that even though I'm not in the Silicon Valley, I'm Silicon Valley and Silicon Valley oriented. My business is funded by Anderson Horowitz and lots of other Silicon Valley type investors.

Then head of product is from like Zynga and a bunch of other businesses. My head of technology is from Amazon and a bunch of other businesses of that type. So now what you have is you have a core of culture.

And with this core of culture, because the Silicon Valley culture, by the way, Silicon Valley culture, whatever you want to call it, is not always super healthy as we talk in the middle of Burning Man right here as it's happening in Nevada. Silicon Valley orientation is not always super healthy, either individually or culturally. But I'll tell you that these fuckers know how to work and they know how to make progress.

And there are people in, like we have two people in Brazil. There are people in Brazil that absolutely have just never had that dynamism before and have never experienced this type of business. And them figuring it out alone is going to be way harder.

And then figuring it out when it's two, three people that have run Silicon Valley venture-backed businesses before, that's going to give the whole team a head start. So that's how I think about it. Leaders from Silicon Valley-ish, adjacent, the rest of the team could be anywhere.

And is the idea that the Silicon Valley-esque leaders are teaching these non-Silicon Valley-esque people to bring them up to speed? Or are you saying it doesn't even matter? Like if you're a designer or an engineer, as long as you do your job, you don't need to be Silicon Valley-esque.

Let me think about it for a second. So the first thing is, is like culture is absorbed, right? Like if you have, I mean, you were inside of, maybe in your cases, it was a little unusual.

Like you were inside WeWork. I don't know how you would talk about that culture, but I bet there's a bunch of things we could do over reverse internet. You were inside, sort of adjacent to StumbleUpon, which is an early Silicon Valley success.

And you were, I mean, you lived in San Francisco for a while. So you know what it's like to run a business in Silicon Valley. Now, a lot of people in Canada, and I have some coaching clients in Canada to give you a sense, right?

Like they think they know what it's like to run a Silicon Valley business. Truly, they do not. They don't know what it's like to work at, to have worked at PayPal in 1999.

As, as the economy was crashing and they were like, we have so much fraud and we don't even know what to do. They don't know what product market fit feels like. I actually actively ask people this.

I'm like, do you know what it feels like to have product market fit? Have you ever been in a business that didn't have it and then suddenly got it? Has that, yeah.

If you've never had that experience before, you don't know how to chase them. You don't know when you have it. So, and then you can ask people the question, do you have product markets in their business?

And they'll be like, I think so. And you'll be like, you do not have it because it is such a crazy clear feeling when you have it that you're like, oh shit, this is it. All right.

So I think a lot of people are in denial and they believe they run, by the way, you run technology business, whatever fucking way you want. I think I was thinking about Hugging Face, which I think is a French company that just got a gigantic round of investment from, fuck, sorry. It's like I'm live on the show and I'm kind of trying to remember like $200 million from Bain or something like this because of their focus on AI.

And this is, this is not a Silicon Valley company, but they made it work. So there's lots of different ways to make it work. It's just that there's, there's, there's a model that we should kind of be following.

And lots of people are looking kind of like Plato, you know what I mean? They, you know how Plato talks about the, the allegory of the cave. And he's like, the, a man is looking at the shadows on the wall and he thinks that the shadows on the wall are reality.

And he's like, oh yeah, these shadows on the wall, look here, this person's doing this, this person's doing this, but he doesn't actually see the people. He just sees the shadows of the people on the wall. This is the allegory of the cave.

And so in Silicon Valley, the way that this works is people all over the world read blog posts and Twitter, I think we still call them tweets. And they take those and they say, oh, this is, this is how a startup should be run. But they don't feel it in their heart.

And because they don't feel it, there's a piece that they're missing. Most people feel like they understand what working at a startup is and what it's like to work in a tech company. But when, if they haven't been in one in Silicon Valley, they really don't know what it feels like and they don't really know how to work that hard.

And I don't know what a product working fit feels like. So they're kind of aping it without ever really having been in it before. Yeah.

I wonder where my head's at is if that culture and that way of thinking is a multiplier on productivity and high quality work. I'm just wondering beyond having great leaders and managers, how else could you accelerate your team? So for example, you know, when someone gets onboarded to your, to your team, do you like set them up with five podcasts that they should listen to?

You know, do you say like, here's, here's a Twitter account with, you know, that's following 200 people that I think you would really benefit from? Yeah. Yeah.

It's interesting that you say that. It's true that sometimes when you hire people and they're inside of the, the sort of content bubble of tech, that they start with a set of standards and that, uh, if, if you, if they don't like, if they don't come from that world, that you kind of have to, you educate as you build. And if you're educating as you build, here's the sort of way that that manifests itself.

You have to be like, Hey, here's why we're going after this type of customer because this type of customer will do X for this type of business. And we could bring that to a hundred million people or to a hundred million dollars in revenue. Here's why, uh, we need to have a higher priced account because a higher priced account means that these customers will are more professional, have more money to spend, and we'll be able to, uh, we'll be able to be with us for longer, right.

And turn out less. So there's all these different sort of like, if you, if you run a business at scale and you know, somebody might say like, this is just good business. That's true.

But most people that have not gotten a business to product market fit, maybe that had revenue that have to have been SAS could be anything like those. They, they have a slice of understanding of what, what business is. And I know that that's certainly true for me.

Like when I started breather, which as you keep saying, uh, raised, uh, over a hundred million dollars of venture capital while I was CEO, like, did I understand that I was really starting a low margin, a lower margin business? Not really. Like I didn't quite get it.

I was just like, there's a product and we're going to build it. And I know a lot of people are going to like it. I was right about a lot of things, but at the, at the core of it, there were a set of misunderstandings about business that I did not have.

And what you have in, what you have in, in tech circles, New York, whatever, it doesn't really matter where is you have this fundamental understanding of business that people in quote unquote, the rest of the world don't have. Like there's a reason you drive down from San Francisco into, to Moundview or whatever, like that you're seeing gigantic, like billboards for SAS companies that you've never heard of on Twitter. And they're, and they're gigantic.

These are expensive. They're maybe the most expensive billboards you could possibly buy in America. So maybe the world, I don't know, you know?

And, and, but like these people know things that we don't know. Like they think a lot more about net, net retention rate and our art than we do. And so like, it's, it's really something to, to think about the fundamentals of, of business and, and just like, they're so ingrained in me now.

I'm almost like a low key, like finance bro. And, and I was not that way then. And so lots of people who begin working at tech companies don't have those fundamental understandings.

And so they don't necessarily understand why a business would let's say try their hand at sales, which we did a short while ago and adding a team's products. And they're like, well, wait, hold on a second. Like, don't we just serve people on the internet that just come in?

And we're like, yeah, we do that. But then turns out that people come in with teams of 10, 20, 30 people. And so we're going to serve those people as well.

And, and so the change in economics that occurs there is not necessarily clearly understood by the rank and file designer off the street when you have 10 designers that you hire or something. Right. And certainly not the average one in a tech scene in Canada.

So, you know, innovation in Silicon Valley, it's ironic for me to say this because I will not move to San Francisco. I, I will not, I don't, this is, I love California, but I won't speak highly of it in a lot of cases. What they do have is they have generations of innovators.

Walter Isaacson has a book about this called The Innovators, it turns out. And so like, it goes all the way back to Intel. It goes all the way back from Intel to Fairchild Semiconductor.

It goes back even further than that. So we're talking about at this point, the 60s. So we're talking about generations of technology innovators.

That have built layers of technology on top of one another. And so they're going to see the future much more clearly. And that's why they get to create it.

There's the reason that OpenAI has a billion dollars in enterprise revenue today, out of nowhere, quote unquote, out of nowhere. Like these people are going to build the future and you don't necessarily have to want to be in the center of that. But holy hell, you better understand the center of that and understand how those people do things and why they make those decisions.

I definitely could not have done that at my last venture-backed business, where it was funded by Canadians, started by Canadians, which honestly, no, very little business backing in my case, very little business understanding in my case. Yeah. Being in tech for long enough, like really changes you.

Some people might say this is bad. But I think it's net good, all things considered. So Sam Altman, although when we think of Silicon Valley, we think of someone like Sam Altman now, he's a New Yorker.

You know, he's a New Yorker who moved to Silicon Valley, but he did surround himself with the Silicon Valley, you know, people, right? So I think you don't need to be from Silicon Valley to get that as long as you absorb it. And my thesis is, you know, with so many podcasts and YouTube channels and so many people now tweeting, you know, you're the average of the five friends you spend the most time with, but you're also the average of the five podcasts you consume.

I think that a really underrated way and a cheaper way, frankly, than moving to San Francisco or the Flatiron District in New York City is you just make it a point to load up with content and from these people in and I'm not talking about like listening to the all in podcast, which is like obviously a great podcast, but it's, you know, a big podcast. Thanks for clarifying. I'm talking about, yeah, I'm saying like, what is the niche podcast that you should be listening to that can really uplevel you that has a lot of these, a lot of this DNA.

So for example, you know, Lenny Ruchitsky's podcast, who he spent, you know, 10 years in Silicon Valley and he's interviewing all these people and he talks to product managers and it's very specific product managers. Yeah. It's, you're right that you need to be absorbing all the time.

You know, it's funny when I was a writer writing books for a living and doing talks in the social media space, like way before I was ever a tech CEO, convinced at the time, by the way, that I couldn't become a tech CEO and Greg, you were instrumental in convincing me that I could become one. So thanks for that. I owe you one.

At the time I read fucking shit tons. And my, my bookcase to the left of me here is actually filled with, in a lot of cases, garbage books, but it kind of didn't matter. I kept absorbing them and absorbing and absorbing and absorbing.

I was nonstop learning. I will say it's been a great challenge of mine and audio really does help. It helps a lot, but it's a great challenge of mine to, while working and being a operator of a business to also be absorbing as much as possible.

Audio. You're right. Is the right way to do it for me, because you just can't absorb as quickly and you can't absorb passively.

Like I think I'm reading, listening to three audio books at the moment that are either classic or that are important kind of tech books about certain things, in some case sales, in some case operations and other things like that. Like books that are known to people, a scenics project, eat their lunch, a high output management, these types of books that you could just sort of passively absorb that those are, in some cases, books about how tech happens. And, and you're right.

It, you can, you ideally, you absorb it on the cheap. The part that you cannot absorb on the cheap, and both you and I know this actually, and, and we do it. So it's important to actually, to say it is that it, it cannot create network for you.

And so if you're at zero network, I got this question last week from out, from someone. I'd be like, how did you meet the people at Andreessen Horowitz? Well, holy shit.

I met Andrew Chan, my partner today at Andreessen Horowitz in 2014, 13, we did a deal in 2021, eight years later, on a separate business. Like networks are built and you become a trusted person inside of those networks over time, right? Not immediately.

So there's, there's a funny thing now where like, like we can, I, we can go remote and my company can become good enough, have a great series A and I could, I could walk into whatever fucking Sequoia Capitol or whatever, right? I certainly get a meeting at Sequoia Capitol. And I can certainly take that meeting and they absolutely will consider it, but it wouldn't have been the case in the same way 10 years ago.

So what happened then? Track record, and you don't get a track record remotely. And you, and by the way, track record can involve failures, but it has to involve smart failures.

And also network being in the same places as all these people, it's being on podcasts, right? Is, is one way actually, because people consume it. And, and also to be at parties with people and to go to these stupid retreats, like not lots of them are douchey, but on occasion you are able to meet people this way.

And so like the, the networking part, and we, I hesitate to call it that it's really just build a, building a set of people that have an alignment with you and that you know them and they're smart and one way or another, either you're going to work with them or you'll invest in their company or they'll invest in yours or, or you'll spend time together somewhere, who knows, right? Like, like all of those, they, they, they put you very tightly into an ecosystem. And if you're in one, you will go the same direction as the ecosystem goes.

I'm a big fan of kind of staying quote unquote in the arena. Let's use a different analogy today. So we'll use, we'll use getting as many at bats as possible.

And if you have a lot of at bats, look, your batting average might be shitty, but it actually doesn't matter. You just need to be successful once. And if you're successful once and it's enough of a big hit, you're actually good.

You're good forever. And so the way you get those at bats is by being in the ecosystem. An ironic thing about being a CEO coach that I didn't expect is that I get access to companies as they are succeeding.

And in some cases I get a chance to invest in them. And because of that, I'm like, Oh wow, here's this company that I would never have seen otherwise, you know, that I get a chance to be a part of, and I get a chance to be, uh, able to be involved with and help, and help have the, the founder succeed. And I wouldn't, I just like, you need to be in these conversations all the time.

It's not easy to do that. And you can't buy your way in. So one school of thought is in order to get into these rooms, you have to get on a plane and meet these people.

Another school of thought is you create high quality content and you attract people. You are an interesting person in this case because you're like OG blogger, OG podcast person. Uh, and, and, and, and when I say that, I mean like I'm, I'm on your blog right now.

Like you, you, when Facebook likes were a thing and people were embedding Facebook likes on blog posts, you were getting tens of thousands of likes onto your blog posts pretty regularly. Like you were breaking the internet back then. And I did, I did a few times.

That's true. Yeah. And you know, when I look at your post, you know, you had some posts, you know, I'm looking like 2013, 2013, and then you, then you went to one post in 2014.

Then you had two posts in 2020. Then you had one post in 2021 and you had two posts in 2023. So interestingly enough, you did the content thing before content was cool.

You had a mega popular blog on the backs of that. You created, you know, New York times bestselling books, and then you sort of retreated from content. Yeah.

And actually I lasted longer than most people. I think there's a thousand blog posts on my blog over a period of what's gotta be 10 years or more. And it was my job for a long time.

And so there's two paths. I think there's two paths to making content and having it continuously grow. So one of them is be an operator and be able to hire someone.

So that's definitely one way. Like for example, when I, the way I used to do it at Breather, I don't do it here today, but the way I used to do it at Breather is I would have a person on my marketing team and I would reach out to them. I'd be like, Hey, we're going to build a tweet storm.

And I would be like, and I'm going to say it to you. And then you can write it down and you can make it into a tweet storm. Let me know when you've got it, put it into a Google drive, a Google drive doc, and then I'll publish it once I've kind of consented and agreed that my ideas have been well presented by you.

Right. So now all that I did is the same thing that I did here, which is to talk about my opinions and my experience. It involved, didn't involve sitting down in front of content in the same way.

What I discovered was me being the engine meant that I was the, actually I will say I was the engine and the gas. This is actually, this is an expression from Emily, Emily, my God, I forget her last name. It'll come to me.

From a marketing standpoint, you need both engine and gas to build something in marketing. And if you are the engine, the engine is the mechanics of the marketing and how it happens. If you are the gas, you're the fuel, you are the thing, something is being pumped into it and through it.

And it could be content, for example. But when you're the engine and you're the fuel at the same time, it's super easy for you to burn out. I know like lots of people, clearly it's, it's the real, I think it's the real you on this podcast.

That's like not fakeable, but certainly someone could, uh, ghost write a book and they would never have really written a whole word of it. And, and so the engine is their brand and, and their, maybe the, their distribution mechanism, but the, the gas, the fuel is not really them in the first place in the same way. You know, the same way I was going to say old, make an old analogy, like John McCain, let's make a new analogy, uh, whatever.

Some politician might write a book, right? They didn't really write the book. They sat in a room with someone else and they dictated the book to them.

And so if you are going to make content, the thing that is going to get you in the room, which by the way is so effective, like let's just use it. Well, well, I'll ask you as an example, how many DMS do you get hold? Let's, let's say just ones that are, are to some degree valuable per week, per week.

I would say I get 40 DMS per day of which one is valuable per day. Right. So that's a good ratio.

I get seven very valuable DMS per week. There we are. And so it is taking you a long time to build up this content engine and it continues to build itself.

And, and so clearly it's this stage and I get to give a few people like Sahil, like yourself, a bunch of other people that you and I know, and that I share as investors and some cases, Lenny is one of them. And, and the, their engine of content is so big that it just going to continue, it's going to keep happening. They're going to be able to hire people around it, which probably Lenny does.

I haven't asked them, but probably surely like, like there's an editor making something and maybe some of his guests are, are found ahead of time by someone else. Right. So there's an engine that's been built around it.

In the early days, you have to be able to get past that. And I will say that in the early days of content, going back to your point, I, all of us that were trying to do this, Chris Brogan, my coauthor on trust agents, when I published it in 2009, a bunch of us did not have proper engines around our content. This is actually a huge lesson.

Some of us did. Gary Vaynerchuk is also from that era, but Gary had a machine around him and he had a clear business model. At the time it was actually selling wine at the very beginning.

Then it was, he was the social media person and he built a social media agency. So now he's got the machine, the engine around him, and he has a clear business that he's trying to drive. Now you can do that, but like, you know, the way that I think about the, the people that are making mistakes in this space, it's my perspective, by the way, is like, you may, you may remember lots of people remember a nerd writer from YouTube.

It used to be a huge, amazing account with tons of visitors and viewership. Got too philosophical, started writing books, could not keep going at it and didn't make it commercial enough. This is a, by the way, I don't know them.

I'll just give you my perspective versus a Mr. Beast that is very clearly like, I'm, I'm, I just don't care. Like I will find whatever is the most compelling thing.

I have no aesthetic sensibilities. You know, I'm literally just going to make a little thing that people love clicking on it. It works and it works essentially to infinity.

So, and, and by the way, Gary did a version of that and Gary is from that time and so on. So the big book that changed my perspective on this was a book called The Big Switch that I read a really, really long time ago. And it really made clear that either someone was in the engine or someone owned the engine.

So everyone is building little businesses inside of Twitter or Instagram or TikTok or something. And they're building these little micro businesses. And for a long time, my focus was building a little micro business that was, that had followers.

And, but the, but the engine was the same and you could sponsor posts or you could, uh, you could, you could build, uh, you know, uh, what we did, we didn't call it them, but like an influencer based business. Now my focus is build a machine that is a real business that can get to fucking shit tons of revenue with a really big set of users. And the result is, is you become influential as a result of your success.

That's really what I noticed at Breather. I didn't talk about Breather very much, but holy shit, everybody knew that business and everybody used that in one way or another. And, um, and everybody knew that brand, they knew that brand and they may maybe didn't even know me.

And so that was so powerful to realize that I did it has to work on content to get influence and to get in the room. All that I had to do was make something really interesting. And that was enough.

Yeah. But I think the question I would have to push back is if you had continued with the content, would that have added a multiplier on that trust and influence? For sure.

But I would have me, I needed, for me, I needed to learn a lesson that I didn't need to be on my own sitting in front of a computer screen, writing a thousand word blog post that I was trying to get to go viral or something every day. I needed to become an operator of a business that did things. And this was one of those things.

And I think that a lot of people, and by the way, the audience is different now, right? Because now you can get a hundred million followers or what have you on TikTok. You couldn't do that then.

The internet was just not that mature, but those people that did succeed, they were able to separate themselves from the content. They were able to say, I run a business and my marketing engine is content versus I am the content, I am the engine, and I am the business, which is just too much. And, uh, and, and I think it, in a lot of ways, it was too early.

So where are you with respect to content for Julian Smith? Like it feels like you're slowly getting back into it. Now you have a podcast that you've been doing, saw a couple 2023 blog posts, you change your profile picture from some like strange lizard looking person to something a bit more serious.

Where are we at? Yeah. And there's more coming that I am not at a place where I'm ready to talk about.

Yeah, but you're right. You, you're noticing that I am taking it more seriously because I am taking it more seriously. I felt that I feel for the first time, like everything is aligned properly.

One of the big struggles that I experienced at the time was the voice that I had built on my blog and how, how difficult it was to align with being a CEO of a 250 person business that was accidentally ended up selling, um, fractional office space, right? Like it was just so incongruent with what my brand was. And that's because they were really built by accident.

I'll tell you what they, what that gave me is it gave me a confidence that I wasn't a fluke success and that I wasn't a fucking handicap because I was like, okay, well clearly I had a voice on from a blog standpoint and a book standpoint that resonated with people. Oh. And I also was able to build a business and raise a lot of money.

I was like, okay, I'm not a like, and so my imposter syndrome didn't exactly vanish, but I definitely like diminished. I was like, oh, okay. I'm, I'm qualified for like the first time probably.

And so, um, but, but nonetheless, that incongruence, that, that contradiction between blogger, writer, Julian and CEO, Julian really did exist. And I didn't deliberately align it, but I did kind of accidentally align it when I, um, made a decision about what next business I want to run. And I said, okay, well, what are the few things that I really cared about?

And I've always cared about. And I knew that when you run a, uh, especially a business that you're trying to get somewhere big, it's going to take you 10 years. I think about our friend, Rob, uh, who has been running a business for his business for, I want to say 12 years or something.

And it's now really successful. But, but at the very beginning, like everybody else, you know, it's like, like a zigzag, you just don't know where it's going to go. You get to the other side.

You're like, wow, that was impressive. It takes a long time to build something that lasts. And that's really powerful.

I thought, what are the things that I can build that I really have always cared about and that I will always care about? And a few things came to my mind. One of them was self-development and I always cared about self-development.

Another one was, I always cared about the little guy. And that's always been a theme throughout everything that I've done. And then another one is I, which is not really related, but I thought about is I always really cared about games.

I'm a huge board game person. I'm a huge Dungeons and Dragons and RPG person. Less so computer games or console games, but still games were always at the center of how I spend my time.

So I was like, well, what do I care about today that I'm going to care about in five years? There's only a few things that have been in that realm. So I said, well, I got to build something around those things.

And that's why we started at practice building around coaches and solopreneurs. Now we're way past that. Now we're like coaches tutored a lot of tutor customers.

Teams of these people, virtual assistants, like all these other solopreneurs, individual businesses and team businesses. So all of those things align themselves. And then I had a coaching practice, which I've had for, I want to say three years, four years.

And it's been, I think now might be the third year anniversary. And I still have some clients from back then. And so everything has kind of aligned itself in a way that it wasn't before.

Now I run a business working for the little guy. I have a coaching practice, which is self-development oriented. I have tons of writing that I've done that is self-development oriented.

If you remember from the blog back in the day, and all of my books were about that stuff. And so it feels like the first time I'm 44 today, I feel like for the first time, everything is kind of aligned. And I haven't felt that a long time, maybe, especially because there's so many things going on now, right?

Like my life is more complicated than it was. But everything is aligned towards the things that I care about. I started a coaching practice to dog food my own software in 2020, 2021.

The result is, is I have a small coaching practice. It's really thriving. It's successful.

And I really love that part of my life. And if I write, I know I'm writing, or if I'm speaking on a podcast, I know I'm going to be speaking to a bunch of people that, uh, that are really going to be able to, uh, resonate with, with the stuff that I've written, because I have a real voice. So it's all just kind of connected at this point.

And, and that took me a really long time to align those different versions of myself into one. What you're saying is in order to come up with a long-term content strategy, you have to look inward and really be honest with yourself to basically find what are the buckets that I really care about that I want to be creating content in five, 10, 15, 20 years. So in order to look, in order to, in order to go outward, you have to look inward.

Do you have any advice for people who want to, you know, who don't want to wait until their forties maybe, or, or fifties or sixties and you want to get going right away? I'm super convinced that the things I cared about in my twenties, I also cared about when I was 12. I believe that they, I probably, you're, you're going to find new things, right?

You, you're, you're really into sports in your teens. You might be really into baseball. Like I was in your thirties.

You might be really into basketball. Nonetheless, you're, you're into sports and you've always been into sports. Okay.

Sure. So you actually don't need to hear, here's what, here's what your pass needs to contain. And these are really broad checklist items.

One of them is hopefully it's something that you cared about and have cared about for a really long time. And, and so if so, you're probably never going to stop caring about it in the same way. Your view will change.

You might get more cynical about the basic parts of it. You might, you're, you're sophisticated. You're, I wrote a book to flinch in 2013 that really took off almost everything from there.

I'm still very proud of that book, but there's some things in that book where I was like, yeah, I don't know about that, but I still am really happy with that book, the influence I had with those people. And yeah, I'm not writing a sequel to that book, but like, I still care about those things. I'm never going to stop caring about those things.

So there are through lines in your life that you have had forever. And it is really easy. If you align your life with those things somehow, that's really challenging sometimes because sometimes those things don't have a commercial orientation, right?

So you're actually, you're gonna be like, Oh, I, I legitimately did think about how could I build a games company in some way. I thought about this for a while in 2018, 2019. I found that it would be difficult, but I definitely considered it because I knew the time would just pass and that the people that I would work with would just be so easy to work with.

And they would be my type of people. I just knew that. And, and so it's almost like acknowledging, instead of saying, I'm on land, I'm on land, it's like, I'm in a river and the river is me.

And the river is all of the past stuff that has ever happened to me and all of the previous decisions. And so the river has a slow and you have to acknowledge what that slow is. You, a version of you that can be self-reflective, can look at the river of you and be like, who am I?

And what do I care about? And how do I attach that to things that are going on in 2020? And if you do that, you probably have years of content.

By the way, some of them are so niche. I was watching, it's such a stupid thing to watch. I'm embarrassed to say this.

I don't consume a ton of short form. I consume tons of long form videos. So I'm, I'm on YouTube a lot.

And I was consuming, I think a two hour long history of Street Fighter 2. Okay. And the, the guy who has this channel, that's literally all that he makes is history of video game worlds and people love it.

And it's really clear that this guy also really loves it. Is that big? No.

Does it need to be? Who gives a shit? He loves it.

His millions of people that watch his videos love it. And it'll expand as it, as it goes on way better than trying to follow some trend that you only have a vague understanding of, you know? And the truth is, I think he could, he could build a pretty big business around it.

Like he could, well, first he can do a paid community. He can do info products. He can create his own games.

He could, yep. There's a lot of ways, you know, if he was interested, I don't know if this is just like a side hobby or just a hobby for him, but if he, you know, he now has the opportunity to make that decision and how cool is that, that, that, you know, he can go and do that and, and quit his, his job, you know, who knows working at, in a restaurant or a bar or working at KPMG or, you know, pushing papers. I don't know.

Sure. Yeah. And there's actually, it's a great opportunity in 2023 because it's like for the first time, like the whole world is online.

We're coming online. That's incredible. And there's so many ways to speak to so many people.

I can't see how you would, I get it. You know, I'm, I'm giving people feedback here right now, live. I'm saying go after things you care about.

Some people will find that, like they're going to find art and they're going to realize that visual media, sculpture, like my fiance, like those people, they're not going to be like, I should be in tech. So here they're not going to be in a quote unquote growth space, but the, I probably the people who are lit, who are listening to this or watching this are thinking one, okay, I want to be doing something on the internet. Very like I have my own project or I want to attach myself to a project.

And then two, they'll be thinking, okay, well, and I've got these, these ley lines, so to speak, these lines underground in my world. And I need to figure out what those things are. So for them, they can find insane growth areas.

And that's really what venture is about going back to the beginning of the conversation. Venture is about finding a CEO that has quote unquote, uh, you know, market founder market fit who really cares about the space alongside a super fast growing town where ideally they have a secret about that town. Right.

And so if that happens, amazing confluence of things, but even if your choice is not, uh, is I want to start a restaurant and that's what your lifeblood is about. You probably know that. And you probably don't care if it's a growth space or not and what your odds are.

And that's why you and I are in this space. Like we build businesses really naturally online. It's just kind of the kind of person that we are, but we, we had to, it took us time to kind of like figure that out.

And now that we're here, it kind of comes together. It doesn't need to happen in your forties. It can, it just happens when you, when you realize who you are.

Yeah. Which sometimes that happens in your forties, sometimes happens in your twenties, thirties, fifties, sixties, or sometimes that never happens at all. Right.

Exactly. You're referring to anyone in particular? No, I've got no one in mind, but you know, I think a lot of people, uh, you know, I think one lesson here is just, it's okay to not know.

And, but I think you, you need to make that conscious effort to, to be self-discovering, which sounds obvious, but you know, one of the great ways that one of the cool things about building audiences, I think is that it allows you to not have to invest tons of money and time into, into learning about a space. So for example, if you're passionate about, uh, food and opening up a restaurant one day, well, there's like a path that you can take, right? So you could, you know, maybe create a, create a food truck, which is like, kind of like the MVP of, you know, building a restaurant.

But what's even more MVP than that is maybe like going to creating a YouTube channel that interviews people, uh, in the kitchen at different restaurants and having, and just like interviewing them and learning them, learning with them and seeing if other people might be interested in that. And then all of a sudden you're building this audience with you and then you build this community and then you could potentially, you know, Hey, you trust me because I know all the cool restaurants or interesting restaurants and chefs in my city. Now I have my own restaurant or my own food truck come and visit.

So I think the coolest part about audience and content is the doors it opens and how cheap it is to actually do. So that's why, that's where I was coming from when I was like, dude, why aren't you creating more content? And I understand how much work it takes, but I also think that, you know, there, you don't need to be a full-time creator.

You can be a part-time creator and you could spend one hour a week or two hours a week and still create a niche audience. If, if anyone wanted. You are, you're right.

I will say as a thought though, that I really believe in the Gary, the Gary Vaynerchuk kind of method, which is it's, it's gotta happen like an hour a day. That's my perspective. Just having like having written a thousand blog posts, having written over three books, probably definitely.

And, and discarded many words along the way. You don't figure it out without sitting in front of a page or whatever, your version of that is like some editing software suite, like whatever it is, you actually don't figure it out unless you're, your hands are just in it all the time. And so you can't get really, really good at something.

I don't know if it's 10,000 hours, it could be anything, but whatever it is, like you don't get really, really good at it by, by, uh, by being a hobbyist, unless you're a hobbyist for 30 years. Right. If you want to get really good at something like being a CEO is a crazy example, you know, being a CEO is a wild job and being a founder is a crazy job.

Like I would never encourage anyone to do this unless I knew that they had to do it because it's psycho as a, uh, a way to run your life, but I don't have a choice. It's, it's built into me. It's probably built into you.

So I cannot learn that part-time. I cannot understand the influence of trade-offs in a business part-time. I cannot understand the consequence of roadmap decisions part-time.

I cannot build products and put them in the market in a fake way. Right. Unless you're starting and putting things on a, in a Tim Ferriss way, like just a landing page, like you would do many versions of that, but to really learn, you've got to do it like a hundred times.

So I'm a, I'm a big believer in doing a couple things and doing them well, because you really get compound effects, like hugely compounding effects, committing to them. God, where did I see this? I think it was Gary again.

I don't even really listen to him, but like, like I saw him on like some TikTok thing maybe. And somebody was talking about how they feel old and he was like, fucking like conference table and Gary's out of, and like, he's like, you haven't even lived. He's talking to a dude that's 23, you know, like you get, there's a, there's this comic I'll reference back to it.

We can talk about it in the show notes, maybe where, uh, they talk about every seven years you get to live a new life. And I've found that to be true. So from 18 to about 24, I built a career doing just not much of a career building random off doing random office stuff.

I didn't really have a career, nor did I go to college, uh, and graduate from 24 to 31. I was a content person. And as a content person, I built out a successful content business, right.

That included New York times, bestselling books, viral other books and PDFs, uh, viral blog posts by gigantic standards that everybody talked about. And then at 31 and you were there ish 33, really, I started a venture-backed business and my, that course began again. And so that course was started in 2013, 2012 and continues today.

And then three, four years ago. So again, the seven year arc, I started a coaching practice and now I'm an executive coach, which was not something that probably I could have done. My father was a coach and I could not have done that probably while he was alive.

It would have been too weird, but now I can do it. And so it's like a whole other arc. So there's so many different arcs that are people go on in their lives.

So, and they get so many different shots on goal of things that they really can do. So, so you shouldn't do things for like a year or two year part-time. You really should go at them super, super hard and put your soul in.

You should, you should work so hard that you die a little bit working on this thing. And then only then can you say, man, when you, and then that, you know, that's, that's when something does really well. I find when you really put your heart and soul into something.

Seth Godin taught me this when he was editing Flinch, the book, he said to me, uh, you're going to have, he said a few things. I remember one is, is you're only going to have one shot ever to write a book this visceral. That's what he said.

I said, okay. And I took that really seriously because Seth Godin was like, like, I like my idol a little bit and my mentor. And another thing that he said was, do you want to write a book that's good or do you want to be in awe of what you have written?

And I was like, holy shit. I got off the phone. Helen never, she doesn't ever forget telling the story.

She always tells it. I was screaming, you know, not at her, but like out there in the world after hanging up the phone or whatever the fuck happened with that being like, I don't know how to do that. But, but I, I, I did work that hard at that thing.

And that's why that book had that reach. So anyway, I'm not sure what this talk is about or what you're going to title it. Those are the things I think.

All I know is I'm like ready to run through a brick wall right now. That's all I know. I feel very inspired.

I feel, I agree with you on the, every person lives so many lifetimes and every seven years that there is a new life. And I almost think that, and actually I don't almost think, I think that not only should you reflect on that and be like, wow, I'm entering a new chapter, but also get yourself a physical item that you can wear, or maybe for you, it's like a tattoo or whatever, just something that you can see. Maybe it's like a gold watch, who knows a ring, a bracelet, something that commemorates that you've entered into this new place so that every time you see it, you, you're reminded of it.

That's a good lesson. It's true. I have some awards from my book writing days that I still look on fondly today.

It doesn't mean that they're in the center of my fucking house, but like, when I look at them, I'm like, oh yeah, that's true. You know, it reminds you and you do need to be reminded because you're the arc of your life is a long one. Hopefully.

Before we head out, what's one book recommendation that, that you can give to people that they, that is a, is a must read based on this conversation. Based on this conversation. I'm just going to give a few things that I find are really interesting about relative to our conversation.

Uh, we have a, we have a mutual friend, Dario Melli, who's one of the founders of Hootsuite. He got me into these books by, uh, David Graham. One of them is being made into a, a Martin Scorsese movie, I think killers of the flower.

And, but he has another book about obsession as books are always kind of about obsession. And the book that really influenced me that I just finished is lost city of Z, which is about the exploration of the Amazon and trying to find El Dorado in the early 1920s. And it is a exploration of obsession and how, what obsession really looks like and also the consequences.

So that's a really powerful book. Like others, I consume tons of important startup texts, like high output management. And I listed the high output management on my, uh, on my phone through audible kind of nonstop.

I think my broader lesson is, uh, audio book subscriptions like audible are actually a great idea because they accumulate a set of credits over time. And then you're like, I've got nine credits, fuck or whatever, because you haven't consumed them. And then you're like, let me go look for things.

And now you've got nine books to teach you about startups. So you've got nine books to teach you about psychology and all those things will give you an ability to absorb and change and help you become who you want to be. That is something that has really meaningfully improved my life.

I'll take it. Where could, uh, where can people follow Julian and, and your content and practice and learn more about practice? Yeah.

Practice is, uh, at practice.do and, uh, you should absolutely check it out. I am mostly on Twitter at, uh, twitter slash x.com slash Julian J U L I N. And the blog that people are referring to is in over your head.net.

And if you go to Amazon, there's some books that I've written to. Amazing. And, and if you made it to the deep end, hit us up on Twitter with the link of this, of this YouTube, Spotify, Apple podcast, and let us know what you think.

This has been fun, Julian. I'll, uh, I'll catch you IRL in Montreal. Yeah.

IRL. Uh, thanks for chatting and thanks for having me on. Bye-bye.