The format of like a venture studio was like really interesting for me. It was like, wait, it would let me do all the things I love doing all the time. And to me that I think finding something I could do for 50 years was actually like the goal.

What led me to picking this is like, I don't know if this is the highest expected value thing I could spend my time on. Maybe picking one idea and running with it and trying, you know, or being an investor. I don't know.

But this was the thing that I actually felt most excited about. A lot of people talk about growth assistant, which is a 10 million AR. They go, Jesse, why don't you focus all your time on that?

That seems like the obvious thing to do. And I'm go, yeah, but what am I solving for? You know, the media brand says, well, you got to make the most money you can possibly make.

I'm like, well, I want to focus on the thing that's going to energize me the most for the longest. And so that's kind of what got me into starting Gateway X, which is the name of the venture studio. You know, the three things that are distinct about it.

One, every idea is kind of plays off of my unfair advantages. So it has to something to do with customer acquisition, problems that brands and marketers have, like something I understand or have some inbuilt distribution for. The second thing is they're all like what I would describe as capital light businesses.

And I think there's a big opportunity between the sort of lifestyle business and the venture funded business. There's a lot of businesses in between. And then the third thing is they all kind of use my common cultural operating system.

You know, the types of meetings we run, the way we give feedback, all those things are sort of common. So theoretically, you should be able to sit in any of them and feel like you're kind of working at the same company. I've been looking forward to this one for a while.

Jesse Pucci. What's up, Greg? Did you see my tweet on multi-preneurship?

I think I did. The future is multi-preneurship. Yeah, exactly.

That's a bit of like a hook to get people in. But when I think of multi-preneurship, which is someone who builds a company, who builds companies, I think of you. You're like Mr.

Multi-preneurship. Yeah. Aspiring at least.

No, you're doing it. Like you're doing it. I saw, you know, one of your companies pass 10 million ARR, I believe.

You also just have like a supplement company. You've got some technology companies. So I'm just selfishly interested in just learning more about, well, first, do you consider yourself a multi-preneur?

And then just learn more about your businesses. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I mean, yeah, I think so.

I, you know, it's funny. I, when 2009, before I had ever been an entrepreneur, I was working at Goldman Sachs and I put together this document and I still have it. I'll send it to you after.

And it was, it was to my Ampush co-founders, the first company I started. And it was like, here's the vision for the future. And I like to share, especially with people like you, because I was like, man, I was so early to this like hold co thing.

But the idea was literally, we, you know, have good ideas, execute them, focus on generating cashflow. And then once you have more and more of them, like just keep multiplying it with the ultimate goal to actually be to build a, an awesome organization where you get to coach, teach people, learn. And an organization building has always been as important to me, if not more important to me than the business building itself.

And we can talk about the difference between those two. And then, you know, and then, so I was 24, I think when I wrote the doc, then I actually tried to start a company. It turns out it's really fucking hard to start a company and it takes every bit of you emotionally, physically.

And I totally forgot about the doc, you know, literally just totally forgot about it. You know, we ended up through the trials and tribulations of a 10 year startup journey, which ultimately ended up in a success, you know, we exited, but as I started working with a coach, you know, I actually completely forgot about the document, but I started working with a coach and started doing this stuff like what really lights me up, you know, what's my why. And like, you know, sometimes we think of purpose as something we have to go attain, or it's like a long term thing we go get.

And one reframe he had for me that was powerful was like, no, it's just kind of how you want to be every day. Like what's going to bring you energy every single day? And I was like, well, there's a few things that bring me energy that that initial process of like spotting an opportunity, and kind of initially peeling the onion, putting the pieces together, go get it.

I love that part. I love and I'm very good at sort of like, mobilizing a lot of things in one direction. And sort of that, you know, the early stages of something.

I love coaching and teaching people. And I'm much more powerful as a teacher or coach usually than I am as like a straight doer. I love stuff like this, getting to know other people learning being challenged.

And so as I started thinking about what was next for me after after kind of successful run at Ampush, this the format of like a venture studio was like really interesting for me. It was like, wait, it would let me do all the things I love doing all the time. And to me that I think finding something I could do for 50 years was actually like the goal or 50 plus years that would keep me energized and reenergize me.

And so that's kind of how I got into this is that was sort of, you know, and obviously there was lots of different people influenced me along the way. But that what led me to picking this, and this is a really important distinction, especially in Twitter, Twitter land where everyone tries to be right about everything is like, I don't know if this is the highest expected value thing I could spend my time on my maybe picking one idea and running with it and trying, you know, or being an investor. I don't know.

But this was the thing that I actually felt most excited about. And I feel most excited about and energized by and so I was like, I don't really care if it's the most high expected value. This might not be the best ROI decision.

Like a lot of people talk about growth assistant, which is a 10 million error. They go, Jesse, why don't you focus all your time on that? That seems like the obvious thing to do.

And I'm go, yeah, but that's not what am I solving for? You know, and the media ran says, well, you got to make the most money you can possibly make. I'm like, well, that's not what I'm solving for this.

That thing's already making plenty of money. And I'm good. I want to focus on the thing that's going to energize me the most for the longest.

And so anyway, that's kind of what got me into starting Gateway X, which is the name of the venture studio. You know, the three things that are distinct about it, from my perspective, are one, every idea is kind of plays off of my unfair advantages. So it has to something to do with customer acquisition problems that brands and marketers have like something I understand or have some inbuilt distribution for.

The second thing is they're all like what I would describe as capital light businesses. And I think there's a big opportunity between the sort of, you know, lifestyle business and the venture funded business. There's a lot of businesses in between that I call bootstrap giants.

They're these ambitious, but self funded profitable companies that can grow for a really long time. That's the type of business we want to start. And then the third thing is they all kind of use my common cultural operating system.

And so they, you know, I could talk about that, but it's meeting, you know, the types of meetings we run, the way we give feedback, all those things are sort of common. So theoretically, you should be able to sit in any of them and feel like you're kind of working at the same company. And that's kind of where the hold co element comes into place.

But it's a different version of it, because we're starting everything so far, at least we're not buying any. But that's that. That's a quick story.

I want to read you a text I got this morning. There's been a lot of people we know, including myself, who've launched agencies, including yourself, actually, too. I mean, growth is in a lot of ways is sure, an agency.

So a very well known person sent me a text message. And he says, I've seen so many of these agencies launch over the last six years. Number one, big announcement.

Number two, get to 50k 50 to 100k a month. MR think you're building the next Uber and agency for number three. Oh, your way to efficiency was stealing other people's content and algo boosting.

Number four, clients start turning faster than you can replace them. Number five, you hate your life. Number six, Twitter public posts, we've decided to shut down our agency.

Number seven, bring out the popcorn. What do you think about that? Yeah, I mean, I think they're, they're easy businesses to start, they can be very challenging businesses to grow and operate.

I mean, Ampush, Ampush was not intended to be an agency, but we turned into one. You know, the story, you know, my quick story, born and raised here in St. Louis, my dad is an entrepreneur, always knew I want to be an entrepreneur.

One day I went to Penn, I went to Wharton, which is like the, you know, Wall Street trade school, and then spent a couple years doing management consulting, and then a couple years on Wall Street. And by the way, you know, management consulting in Wall Street, we don't talk about this a lot, but they're services businesses, just to be completely clear. They sell services, they sell really high end services, but they're services businesses.

So you can learn a lot about services by actually spending time in those places. And then we started Ampush and we started doing it in performance marketing. We discovered Facebook, Facebook called us in our first year or so said, who the hell are you guys?

You know, we were one of the fastest growing advertisers, and we ended up being one of their earliest marketing partners. And they gave us access to their API, we built software, we tried to sell the software to people, nobody wanted software, they wanted services, they said, Hey, I don't know how to run this. And you know, our customers at that time were a bunch of startups names, a lot of names you wouldn't recognize, but then a lot of names like Uber, Dollar Shave Club, Peloton, Blue Apron.

And we always thought of ourselves as a tech company until someone was like, well, why don't you just sell your tech now? And then we were like, well, people will pay us one or 2% of media for that, but they'll pay us 10 or 15% of media for our services. Like, why would we do that?

And that's when we kind of realized we were, you know, we'd become more of a tech enabled services business. There was a joke when I was a CEO, I'd never call Ampush an agency, because I was like, we're so much more, you know, that's not what we are. We're much more than that.

But you know, I've talked to a lot of people since then. And I think like, people don't build them to scale. You know, I had the benefit of coming from management consulting, where I saw this hugely scaled services enterprise, and I just things that they did naturally became natural to me.

So for example, we recruited top young raw talent, and we trained the hell out of them. We always had a sales pipeline running to go along with the business in a very meaningful way. We chose our customers carefully, we chose customers who would grow over time, so that like, we didn't have to worry about churn, even if there was some churn, you would still have like your your sort of monthly revenue would grow consistently.

And, and you know, we I was funny, there's like a five year period where I'd walk into Starbucks with my wife, and I would just be like, my jaw would drop. And I'd be like, Oh, my God, this place is amazing. And she's like, What the fuck's wrong with you?

I'm like, there's five employees here. None of them own this place. None of them make more than 15 bucks an hour.

And they're all this, this place is crushing it. And that's actually what we became we like, we need to make Starbucks. And so we started designing these little pods internally, where like every single, you know, the systems, the way things work, the way we manage them all became very, very common.

And that's how we scaled the business to, you know, half a billion a year in ad spend and 200 people. Technology helped also, but it was really that Starbucksification of each pod inside the organization, and then some of the reporting structures and things like that. So they're really easy businesses to start, then what happens is the founder runs the whole show, they're never able to get away from any sort of client delivery or client service or anything.

And then, you know, all these everyone wants to take the business in house at some point. I mean, that's, that's just the natural way of things. And it's just a matter of when not if that's another people lie to themselves about is like, at some point, they want to take it in house.

One of the fun things about growth assistant is like, it really is like a staff augmentation business. And it's like kind of been the opposite of an agency. Like we get you people.

And so we've seen the retention in that business is way better than the retention was at Ampush. Because once you have a couple of great people offshore, like you're not trying to lose them. And you're not, you don't care how much you're paying.

I mean, you know, you're not going to fight us over a few hundred dollars of margin that we're taking versus you or something. But yeah, I think, I think they're tough businesses to run and scale. Yeah, I think a lot of people are seeing Twitter people like us launch agencies.

And they're like, well, I want to do that. There's also that guy, Brett from Design Joy, who has a course on productizing agencies. And I think that is a whole new generation of entrepreneurs who are looking at this and being, wow.

So you're saying, you know, going back to your asset light thing. So you're saying I could basically build up a Twitter account, launch a service, and then all of a sudden be making seven figures a year. Right.

This is the dream. This shit's so hard, man. You know, that's the thing.

Like, have you ever done the Enneagram? No. Do you know what the Enneagram is?

It's kind of like a better Myers-Briggs. I'm a huge fan of it. And I'm a type seven and type seven is the enthusiast.

And it's like the person who like jumps from thing to thing and, you know, gets excited by the shiny object. And a lot of entrepreneurs, not surprisingly, are type sevens. You know, I had, I grew up in a, my dad obviously was, you know, a lot, a lot of ownership, kind of an immigrant style, you know, upbringing.

I had good partners who would help me keep me focused, but I think there's a lot of entrepreneurial types out there who are the enthusiasts who are like, oh yeah, that like, you just say, get that going. And then to run services is hard enough to scale services. You have to become a great manager.

You have to become a great trainer. You have to get good at writing things down. You have to build, it's boring ass stuff that helps you scale services, any business really, but services businesses in particular, you got to give a lot of feedback to people.

You got to do a lot of things that are the opposite of like launch something on Twitter and see if it'll grow and scale. And, and I think it's just, you either got to pair yourself with the right person or you got to create space in your mind that those things are important. I, I, I have the benefit of like knowing they're important, not necessarily them be my strengths.

And so that allowed me to, to kind of manage around them and find the right people to, to be around, um, and get out of their way. But if you don't really, like, I see a lot of hype guys and girls out there, then you got to go run these things, man. They're hard.

It's hard to run someone else's ad spend, explain to them why it's working or not working, manage their expectations, put together a plan you can deliver against. Um, we, we had this moment, which is a crazy story actually. So four or five years ago, uh, five, six years ago, McKinsey walked Ampush in, uh, to stars lion's gate.

And so, you know, there's this huge movie house, there this like a cable channel and they had decided they wanted to build an OTT service, you know, uh, like HBO max of stars, you know, it's a multi-billion dollar company. They had a $300 million annual marketing budget going towards like linear and billboards and all these random things. And so McKinsey was like, well, we're going to take half of that 150 million and start Ampush is going to build you guys a digital marketing program.

So we built it from scratch, built all the Google ads, the Facebook ads, they'd been doing a little bit things, but nothing that interesting. We grow this program. It starts to scale and it's, they love it because it's so much more measurable than the stuff they're used to.

They're used to like premieres or whatever the week before their biggest show power premieres. And what would happen is their CPA, when their biggest show content would launch would drop by like 90%, right? Their best show is about to show.

That's when all the signups happen. And that's when you spend the most money. And then when their shows aren't running, you pull back the spend.

And we did all this optimization. I think we were like two or three weeks out before their biggest show and the Facebook pixel breaks, meaning all of us and McKinsey had been, I don't know if they had been running it. Something they basically said, well, no, keep spending guys.

Like, and we said, no, no, we don't think we should keep spending. It's no keep spending. So the CPA went up to like $300.

They say, keep spending, we keep spending. And then all of a sudden they're like, we're like, well, why can't we get the CPA back down? I'm like, well, we told Facebook that we were okay with $300 acquisitions.

Their pixel now thinks that they're not, it's not going to work. And so this thing gets at their CMOs involved, their CEO gets involved. I'm on a call.

I get dragged down to LA. They're like, what is going on, Jesse? We pay you guys $5 million a year in fees, like figure this out.

What is happening? And I said, guys, we need to delete this pixel. We need to go dark on Facebook for a week.

And then we need to reboot with new pixels by show or something. Like I had some strategy that involves shutting off. Facebook is in the room with me and they're like, no, we don't agree with that plan.

And I was like, I bet my account. I bet the account guys, if I'm wrong, then take, take this, you know, cause we, every quarter, one of our clients pixels got all fucked up on Facebook and we knew the plan. And so we did the plan.

Finally, they agreed. And like the first few days were dicey, but then once we turned it back on, everything kind of normalized again, right ahead of their biggest premiere. And then like, whatever, everyone thought I was a savior, but there was a point to the story, which was like, you know, the, you have to agencies are hard.

They're hard. You, you, you, you live in St. Louis, you get this call.

You're, you know, you're on the hook, right? You're on the hook. Like, yeah, we got down this road because yeah, you are on the hook for someone else's results to explain it to them, to help them understand it.

And to be able to like take the risks and put things on the line for it. And it's not even yours. And even if you do it, you get, you know, 10% of spend or something like that.

And, you know, so it just, part of the reason I got excited about starting a venture studio was getting to own the businesses and not, you know, not doing it on, on behalf of someone else. And so I think they seem like great ideas, but in reality, they're very challenging businesses. Another way to think about it is it's almost like, you know, you're on the hook and like, you're going fishing, you're on the hook, you catch a fish, but you don't get to keep the fish.

You just get to keep the lure. Totally. Like you keep a small piece of it.

You know, the hope is that you get a bunch of lures and, and that you can diversify and, you know, you're not just, you know, focus on whale fishing. Cause if you're just whale fishing, like, as you know, like that's another downside to agencies, which is churn and clients churn. Yeah.

I mean, they churn and our, our little trick we learned around this from the folks at Red Ventures was to get long wind down provisions in the agreements. And it's funny because I'll tell this to agency owners and you'll see their head just explode when, when we talk about it. And, you know, the most of them are working month to month with a week and they'll say, well, what do you, how would I say?

I was like, well, tell them that you can't fully invest in the account unless you have 60 days of notice so that you can properly readjust your resources. It's better for them. It's better for you.

And they're like, Oh wow. And I'm like, just imagine how your life changes if you have 60 days notice before someone can actually fully pull back the revenue and churn. But I think it goes back to maybe your original point, which is like people start these businesses cause they think they're easy and, and whatever.

And they're actually, it's, that's never a good reason to start a business. But at the same time you look at, you know, growth assistant and that business is doing well. Like what, why do you think that service-based business is doing so well?

Like, is there a framework for starting a successful agency? Does that exist? I think, you know, some of the things I would think a lot about are, I've been thinking about this a little bit lately.

I think number one is, I think it's important to figure out what you want and what you're trying to aspire for. Right? So do you want to grow something to run it and make money?

Do you want to grow it to sell it? Do you want to raise money? Like what, what game are you playing?

Um, you know, there's a, one of my mentors always says, what game are you playing? And then how do you win that game? And like, how do you win is where everybody focuses, but what game are you playing is actually usually the more important question.

So what game are you going to play? Okay. I want to start an agency.

I want it to get to 2 million EBITDA a year or 10 million EBITDA. What do you want? I mean, there's very different answers to that question.

How long were you willing to take all that stuff? Then the next question is like, to me, what's your unfair advantage? And this is, by the way, this is true for all businesses, not just service, but, but like, what, what do you know?

And typically like it has to be a multiple, like it has to be a crossover of at least two, maybe three things that you really like, cause normally in the case of growth assistant, like I knew growth marketing. Well, I knew offshore. Well, also, you know, Adrian had built a lot of recruiting engines and that sort of thing.

Like there has to be a lot of things crossing over. And then you go, Oh, now I think I can be in the top 5% of these things. Cause even any of them individually, you're probably not in the top 5%.

So what's your unfair advantage? The next thing is like, I always think of like building your one page offer sheet, like productizing your scope and what you sell is at 5,000 a month. Is it 2000 a month?

Is it 10,000 a month? And then also solving for gross margins inherent to that offer. So it has to be something that you can push out and deliver.

And you're already thinking about having at least 60% gross margins so that you can go out and like, it's like, you know, cause, cause once you shape the front of the offer and then people want to buy that offer, then the whole part of the business is how do you deliver that offer at that margin? Like how do you consistently deliver the quality of that at that margin? And that's step three.

Step four is, is like go out and sell to people, especially people, you know, or people who know, you know, right? Like people who are going to be friendlies. I'm pretty honest about where the things are.

I'm like, Hey, this is new. This is a new thing we're doing right now. Like, what do you think about this?

Uh, and then, and then the last, I think most important miss is like, you got to deliver something amazing on the other side. That's a critical. And then once you deliver that amazing thing on, on the other side, you have to figure out how you're going to do it without being involved as the founder or the CEO.

That's like, that part takes anywhere from six months to six years, which is how can that thing happen when I'm not involved? And I was like, remember at Ampush, the Zen moment was like, our sales guy closed the deal, our onboarding team onboarded it. The customers, you know, the client success person brought it on and they did the services for it in the, in finance team invoice and collected the money.

And I had nothing but bullet point updates. Like I, nothing hit my, I didn't have to get involved at all. And I was like, Oh, this is starting a business.

And so, yeah, I think it's that last part is where I usually tell people, I was just talking to Alex Lieberman about this, you know, he's starting one of these, uh, influencer or copywriter things for, for people building their personal brands. And it's like, you know, you have five or 10 customers, let's say, how do you make sure that it's less than 25% of your time and they're getting a better experience that may take you months, like to actually get to that point, but that's the point where you can scale. And then you have to hire and kind of plug people back into that model consistently and see where it goes.

So that's the last part of it. I think the other thing that I would say in my case, in both the case, I think of, of Ampush and Growth Assistant, you know, you got to ride some trends. You know, I think like we rode Facebook.

I mean, that was the best wave ever, right? There was a many, many multi-year period where we were the only, like one of the few companies who could do DR on Facebook. And then for Growth Assistant, this is whole offshore trend, especially for marketing.

Like that's, that's a new thing. It's not, it's not a thing that's everywhere. And, and, and I think there's a lot of people starting these things that they don't have any, uh, you know, they don't, they're not writing any trends.

They're not writing any sort of secular tailwinds behind that. Well, it's a double trend, which is one room, you know, COVID forced a lot of companies to go to remote. And then the second trend is a lot of companies are looking at cost cutting.

Yes. And, and marketing is, I think this demand for growth, marketing talent versus supply is way out of whack. There's like not enough people who know how to do things on marketing.

And so plugging in people from offshore. And one of the interesting things we've seen, actually one of the funny selling points we have, especially when we're talking to more senior people for Growth Assistant is Growth Assistant helps you retain your own team. I'm like, what?

Like, yeah, you hire, we're not talking about the talent, our talent. We're talking about the talent scarce on your side. So you don't want to lose this awesome growth lead or this awesome Facebook ads person.

And if you make them do all the crappy work all the time and you don't have a growth assistant, they're going to leave. You know, if you have them sitting there uploading ads for four hours every day, every other day, like they're not going to like their job. So a growth assistant, it takes on the work they don't want to do.

And guess what? That person is going to stick around longer. Um, and you, we're starting to see that exciting trend where people move companies and they're like, Hey, I need some growth assistance now.

And so I think that's also been a big trend around, you know, marketing as a talent. It's kind of like engineering. Like there's always been this missing unlimited demand for engineering talent, if you can find it.

And that's, it's really a supply driven game. And I think the same thing's happening in marketing. You talked about unfair advantage.

A lot of people listening to this are going to be like easy for you, Jesse, you just sold, you know, amp push and have a hundred thousand or whatever Twitter followers or easy for you, Greg, you know, you have the, this big community of people that you can just seed ideas to. My question to you is, does everyone have an unfair advantage? Yeah.

Like if you're, I think the younger you are, I think the younger you are. If you're a college student, you're a college student just starting off. Like, you know, you're living in a, you know, small town in India and you don't have a huge network either on social or in your own town, city, whatever.

Yeah. I think that the younger you are, maybe the harder it is to have a super valuable unfair advantage, but you definitely have some unfair advantage. And I don't, I don't mean to say that it should be the end all be all of your entrepreneurial career, but it's going to make starting something easier.

There's, we have an intern this summer who, who goes to Duke and he manages the tick tock for Duke basketball. And I'm like, he's super entrepreneurial. He's amazing at, he's doing all this different, you know, stuff.

And he's like, what should I start Jesse? And I was like, well, what do you know really well? And I was like, you know how to get into Duke, you should start a social, you know, tick tock channel for how to get into Duke and sell people a 50 or a hundred dollar guide, you know, that, and I was like, maybe you sell it to a thousand people a month or something like that.

You know, I don't know, there's probably 5 million people who apply to these, these top schools or whatever. And I'm like, it's just enough to get you going. And you're going to learn more through that process.

And you're going to build other unfair advantages as you do it. And that's a big part of, of, of getting anything going. We didn't, we didn't know anything about digital marketing when I was 25, when we started Ampush, we knew numbers and data and we had a decent network from our friends in college and other worlds.

And we just use the things we had, we, you know, and we tried to squeeze the most out of them that we could. And then we learned as we went how to do more and more of those different things. So I think it's, I think it's strange when someone doesn't know anything about anything and they're like, they pick a random sector and they start going in at it.

Like there's some people who can do that and it works, but the vast majority of people, you know, it's a real struggle. There's some people who, well, first of all, if you're listening to this, you have an unfair advantage. Yeah.

Like if you're, if you're listening to this, you beat 99.9% of people because you're going out there and you're trying to gain information to better yourself. You have some unfair advantage. Now there's going to be a group of people who will tell themselves who are not listening to this, but who will tell themselves, I don't have an unfair advantage and who play kind of like that victim mentality.

And I feel like you have access to the internet. You have an unfair advantage period. Yeah.

And I think, again, remember it's multiple things. My definition of it is it's multiple unique intersection points of who you are. So if you're in a town, a small town in India, but you do, you read Twitter, it's like, okay, you're, you know, you speak Hindi, you are in the small town, you have access to all these people and you read Twitter.

Okay. Those are enough unfair advantages for you to construct something that's going to be a value to somebody. Probably it's educating those young Indian children about chat GPT or something like that, right?

There's always some unfair advantage when you look at enough vectors of your life overlapping that you're going to be the top 5% of that thing. And that's a great place to just get going. So moving on a little bit to unbloat, I look at that and I'm like, why is this guy creating a, you know, like I, first of all, like a D to C product, like he, he's got this like cash flowing, you know, eight figure business that's doing really well.

And then I'm looking at that. I'm like, Oh man, that is probably so hard to like go and find the product and create it and create the brand and do like take out the Facebook ads. Why did you, why did you, what got you excited about that?

And where's, what's the opportunity that you're saying that someone like me is not saying? Yeah, it's a good, it's a fair question. You know, it's, it's, uh, I had built, I had helped so many brands grow, you know, Hubble contacts, Dollar Shave club, Birch box.

I mean, you name it, we had helped them scale and if not scale built their customer acquisition from the ground up. And so I think more than anything, I was like, man, I want to do this myself. Like I want to, do I actually know what I'm doing?

Is it actually different if I own the brand or is it just going to feel the same? You know, I kind of said, all right, well, I know what works on these things like high margin, recurring revenue solves a real problem and has fun marketing angles. Like, okay.

So I kind of had this formula, you know, this idea in my mind of what could work and high margin recur, like, you know, you get into the medicine supplement area pretty quickly. I was also trying to find what else fit that profile. It's done really well.

And erectile dysfunction was like a, I don't know, there's like at least three multi-billion dollar DTC brands started off erectile dysfunction. So I was like, I want to find something as big as that. And so we went and talked to seven or eight doctors and asked them a bunch of questions, but the main question we asked them was what's the one thing people complain to you about that they can't, that you don't have a good answer for.

And we got 43 different issues from foot doctors and stomach, whatever. And we literally just searched them, try to see the search volume, how much Amazon volume, and then like, are there products on the market for them? And only one issue was as big as erectile dysfunction.

It was bloating. And it was like, wow, I would just never have guessed that. Right.

I'm sure you wouldn't have guessed that either, that it's searched more often than ED. And so we're like, well, what is it? And we actually started talking to people and what, tell me about you, you blow, what does that, what does it feel like?

What does it look like? And really there was two, and then we start talking to kind of the people who make, you know, stuff and supplements, trying to figure out what causes it and how do you solve it? And really, it like came into focus for two reasons.

I think one is similar to ED. It isn't not just a medical issue. It's like a very distressing emotional issue because nobody, and especially women and especially premenopausal women who tend to be the biggest customers, they want, they don't want to feel fatter or look fatter than they are.

Like they don't want to gain weight. And like, it's a, it's a stressful issue. It makes them like want to go home from the gym or not go out for the night.

Like, oh, wow. Okay. And then the second thing was like, it's pretty solvable.

Like there's four reasons, primarily why people bloat. They don't digest food. They don't poop.

They have like issues with their diet, you know, their digestive system of the bacteria or whatever. And they're not getting enough of certain things. And you can kind of solve all of it.

And we like went out and looked at all the skews on the market and realized you have to buy four or five skews to get all the things you need. And we sort of just did the dumb entrepreneur thing where we said, can you put this all in one pill? And the manufacturer was like, it's an expensive pill, but you can do it.

And so we're like, all right, let's, let's try that. Let's throw it all into one pill. So that was kind of how we got started with it.

And then running the Facebook ads, I'd say definitely has been more challenging than I expected, but, but you know, the business is at about 3 million in sales. It's making a little bit of money. It's only 14 months old.

I think like for the most part, I've been pretty happy to say like a lot of the things that we built at Ampush and I learned over those 10 years has translated into being able to like get this thing off the ground successfully. It's not perfect by any means, but, but like, there's a lot of opportunity I see in it. And, and like, we think it's the first of many things we'll launch like that.

Yeah. I think, I actually think that there's probably some commonalities that exist, uh, between unbloat and growth assistant. So I think the, you know, just unbloating is a trend that you like, I just been in my own life, just hearing more and more people talk to me about, I feel so bloated.

I feel so bloated seeing it on Tik TOK. Like I've just seen stuff, people talk how to stop bloating. Yeah.

So I think you just like, you tap into that. I also think that both growth assistant and unbloat have really good names. Like enough people don't talk about how important the name is to the success of some of these products, but unbloat.me I think is your URL, which I think is really, really high quality.

The funny thing is, you know, we did a painted door test to figure it out. I don't know if you've ever done one of those, but we had five completely different brand names and like basically had to like fake brand where we were like sign up for 20% off of the launch. And I think one of the brands was feather.

One was rhythm. Um, I forget the other two and then unbloat. And like, we spent $500 on each just to see kind of click throughs and signups and unbloat was off the charts relative to the other four.

Yeah. Just it's, you look at it and you know what it does. Uh, you look at growth assistant, you know what it does.

So that, that feels very, it just feels very gateway X now that I'm starting to see what you're creating, which is really cool that you're creating. And I think a lot of people should think about this is how do you, how do you think about your values or your culture of creating new products? And maybe you're just doing this.

It sounds like you're doing this a bit subconsciously, but there's that. And then I think, you know, recurring revenue, you, you have a recurring revenue component, a lot of testimonials and stuff like that. A lot of credibility.

How do you think about paid versus audience? So to me, growth assistant, correct me if I'm wrong, grew a lot from Twitter people talking about it. Uh, it feels like unbloat has grown more from a paid marketing perspective.

How do you think about organic versus paid when you're creating new products? Yeah. I mean, I I'll much rather have organic over paid if I can.

You know, it's interesting. I I'm probably to a fault. I under template businesses.

Cause I just don't believe that you can, you can put everything in a box and think it's going to work out a certain way. I have a question for you. Why wouldn't you have said if you prefer organic to paid, why wouldn't you just look at start unbloat and just be like, okay, everyone, we are not going to spend $1 unpaid in the next 12 months, just so we can build the muscle for building audiences, building communities.

I think that's a good idea. I, we started the first few months with like, Hey, we're only going to do tick tock organic to learn it. And you know, we just didn't make the progress I think I would have liked to make.

And I think you, you know, there's a constant interplay between the people running the businesses and different skill sets and different things that start to play out. And you know, you can't, you, you have to, you have to balance those two things out with one another all the time. Right.

And I think one of the things that makes this model work, and obviously one of the liabilities, like I can't be everywhere at all times. Right. Or if I did want to be everywhere at all times, I'd have to go much slower.

I'd have to do fewer things. And it's like, okay, first spend five years learning how to audience build and community build use Jesse's genius at doing this. Cause I know how to do it.

Then we're going to learn how to like disseminate that out to different things, which, which could have been an option for how we approach this. And, but, but we didn't, we, you know, and, and so I think we tried it, we gave it, I don't know, three or four months. The team was not able to come up with enough creative with it.

I'm sure if I, you know, if I had spent more time with maybe it would have given us a better shot at doing that. And I said, well, wait, we knew we do know the paid media playbook, let's get enough scale in this thing. And that's going to be able to fund future ability to test different things.

Let's get that going. And the other thing is like, that is a core skill set of mine or core thing. I know, I know, like, I don't know, tick tock organic now I know Twitter organic, but just, I learned that on my own by doing it over the last two or three years.

So I don't know, I'm a little bit more random. Like I don't need again, templatized structured ways. Like I think every business kind of finds its own way.

And I think there's different unfair advantages along the way. I think you can get better at certain things. I'm not huge on the like, let's just do you have to do it this way.

Like find a way. The way is not necessarily like I don't have religion around it. Let's talk about Kahani.

Is that how I pronounce it? SaaS product. You've got your service, service based business, you got your D2C business, and then you've got a SaaS business.

Why did you start that? Where was the opportunity? And what's interesting to you about SaaS?

Yeah, I think the SaaS one, I mean, this one has actually been the hardest probably by far, for me at least. And you know, I think, and maybe the right at least so like it's the one furthest away, I think, from what I know, the other two are sort of like, decomposed and push, like, selling things to brands on one side, and then the other things running ads, which is sort of what I did for 10 years. You know, I think this one was, hey, what's a big, what's a big bet we can go take and try to figure out a solution for?

And it was like, hey, the e-com experience just seems old, and seems really boring. And meanwhile, you know, we're on TikTok and Instagram, and they're so, so immersive, there's vertical media, you're tapping, you're swiping, why isn't the e-com experience like that also? And so the first product we launched was basically stories for the e-com experience.

So you could go into an e-com site, and you could tap those circles at the top, and you'd be in the stories experience. And this was a really good lesson for us. You know, I think every single person who sees it goes, wow, that is super cool.

And then they're like, all right, I got to go. And you're like, well, when are you going to buy this? And they're like, I don't know, I got some other things, I got some other priorities on my list.

And so, you know, it became a solution chasing a problem. We just noticed that very quickly within six months of launching it, we had, you know, we had some decent MRR and distribution, but it just wasn't, you could just tell it wasn't necessarily capturing anyone's challenges. Like we went to ShopTalk, and I had a sales guy from both companies there, from Kahani and Growth Assistant, and Growth Assistant, you know, they do all this matching stuff.

The Growth Assistant guy got 25 meetings, the Kahani guy got five meetings. And it was just very clear. And now the five meetings that Kahani got were interesting.

Nike was one of those meetings. And we go, why Nike? We asked them, why'd you meet us?

They go, well, we need it. We need better ways to do discovery on our site. And we think this is really innovative and blah, blah, blah.

And so that one has been one where I'd say we're definitely dealing with the more classic product market fit issue. We're trying to reboot the product now a little bit, because the signal we got was that people really want ways to leverage their influencer content and repurpose it. And then the other big one was like, if you can help growth marketers lower CPA, that's when there's a real people will pay you for something like this cool thing at the top, like they may buy it, but it's just not that interesting for them.

And so that one has been an interesting one. But I think like SaaS, I mean, the obvious thing, it's it's it scales, it's software, it's recurring revenue. I think there's plenty of problems I have a decent understanding of, but building product is hard.

And like one of the big differences I learned between services and software is in services, a growth assistant or ampush, you could kind of tell me your problem in a vague term. Oh, here's my issue. And I'd say, well, here's a human.

This human can probably adjust themselves to solve that really nuanced specific problem you have in software. The code has to do that. And that means you really have to get intimate with a problem and understand in a really deep way.

And I think like, it's just a very different challenge. How do you know when to quit? So how do you know, with Kahani, you know, you're at this moment where it's like, okay, we've got to change this, we've got to move this.

You've got some signals that are suggesting like, wow, there's something here, but you've got others being like, I don't know. How do you, how do you know when to just put it up on acquire.com or just like shutter it versus like, we need to double down because, you know, Nike is huge and they spend millions and millions of dollars in a year. And we, you know, Nike itself could be a $5 million a year account.

There's no perfectly right answer for it. I think from my perspective, my point of view, and like, I used to chase things a little too long, I think early in my career and learned this from the guys at Red Ventures and Rick, my mentor there, you know, it's a little bit like there's a, there's an adage in trading that you never go broke by taking a profit. And what they mean by that is like, yeah, you may sell the stock early, but if you always sell when you're, when you're, when your stock's up a little bit, you're never going to go broke.

You're always going to make a little bit of money and yeah, you may give up some upside, whatever. I think the entrepreneur's version of that is like, you never go broke by making a quick pivot. And so, you know, I think, how long have we given it a year and change?

Like, I think the, to me, it's like no more than a year, you know, and six months of like really out there selling it, pushing it, pressing it, hundreds of conversations, most great businesses, you know, they start out great, meaning, and, and yeah, there's a classic story of the pivot, but even the pivot, it's all, I was two years in and I kept going, but I did something totally different and that thing took off, right? The idea that something you've done for multiple years and then one day it takes off. I mean, again, you can also hold a stock too long and lose your ass.

Like it's, it's the, that may work for some people or the Laura is it there, but I'm one of these people who goes, I don't actually care why it's not working anymore. It's just at some point I got to blow the whistle and I gotta, I gotta like, you know, reshuffle the deck and, and do that. And so I think it's like arbitrary.

It's, you know, a year, six months to a year. Like it's, it's not that long. Yeah.

I feel like the, the hallmark of a good multi-preneur is someone who, who knows when to shutter things, even though closing things down or selling them, those are, those are really hard to do. Cause you're kind of admitting, yeah, you're, you're admitting defeat. And as multi-preneurs, we're kind of just like, we've got a lot of conviction and the ideas that we want to put out.

Um, especially when we're putting it out publicly, right? If you're putting it out on Twitter and you're like, Hey, you know, this is the future of shopping. And then six months later, it's like, you're like, no, it's not here's, here's the thread on, we're shutting it down.

Yeah. Eat some popcorn. Uh, so it's, it's, it's not, I think it's the most brutal part is like, you know, you, you hire people.

I care a lot about the people who I work with. And then, you know, in this case, we had to let go of a few people, like, you know, there there's the people join there. They signed their careers up for it.

And then you're just honest and you say, guys, I just don't think this is going to be what we thought it was. And, you know, I hope over, we have enough scale at GatewayX over time to absorb people into different parts. So it doesn't, their jobs don't have to be on the line, but we're not quite there yet.

And that, that part's, you know, it's, it's, uh, your idea, your things, and then having a big human impact on, on other people. And I think that's something, you know, I never want to get comfortable with, but, but it's a big part of, of what we do. If someone wants to build their own GatewayX, if someone wants to become a multi-preneur, how to, what, what advice do you have to them to do, to, to be successful?

You know, if I could do it all over again, I would have remembered that document earlier in my, my journey at Ampush. I think that the best multi-preneurs, you know, we talk about this on Twitter, me and you, and people are doing it, but like, you know, Mark Zuckerberg is a multi multi-preneur. Yeah.

You know, how many PNLs running? Like he's got WhatsApp, he's got Instagram, he's got the big blue app. He's got his Oculus stuff.

He's got some AI. I mean, there's a lot of organizations, you know, and Elon Musk and him aren't all that different, even though they're technically separate companies, right? Or GE or Microsoft or Red Ventures or Apple.

I mean, these are all, anyone running these scaled businesses is running multiple things. Like there's just no way they're not. And the same challenges come up.

You got to have the right peoples. You got to have the right culture, operating systems in place, all these different pieces of it. So if I, if I could do it all over again, or if I was giving someone advice, I would say find one thing, like find one business and just go really hard at it for five to seven years and, and make it enough scale so that you can either sell it and make a lot of money or it generates enough cashflow that you can, you have some flexibility and make sure along the way you built a culture and you train to people so that you can be done.

You know, you can move yourself out of the day to day at around year five or year six. And then from there, start to like expand out into multiple different areas, be using the unfair advantages you developed over those five to seven years. Right.

But I think the idea of people come to me, I don't think I could have done this. I couldn't do, I tried to do this at 25. I had the document and I totally forgot about it because I didn't even know how to do anything.

And so I think you need some foundational skills, knowledge, capital have to a certain point. Now, in this case, I started Ampush. I learned all these things.

I sold it. Now I'm doing it in this new format. And there's some challenges with that, you know, in and of itself.

But I think you need a foundation. I don't think it's a thing you can do is starting at age 25. I just don't.

There's this, you know, Michael Rubin, I'm sure you, you saw him. It was so funny when I was 19, there was a Wharton summer camp and we met him. And at that point, you know, his business, like, it's just, just to think about where a guy like that started, he had, he had three ski shops and he had just launched sports authorities website as GSI commerce, which was his first business.

It was this business that took over the dot coms or created dot coms for retailers and fully operated them on the back end. And he ran that business for 12 years. I mean, it was the most unglamorous business you could imagine.

He had warehouses for sports authority and he would run all these dot coms and he had the same, he was kind of a big agency because eventually they'd want to run it themselves. You know, and I don't know if you know his story, but they, you know, his story at all. I do.

Uh, yeah. So he sells it to eBay. Then he spins back the best assets to himself and the best of the best assets, like his brain clearly like, like I did with unbloat.

He was like, what's the one group of people who's always going to want to outsource this that have the highest value apparel out there? Oh, sports teams. Okay.

I'm going to sell my whole business to eBay, but I'm going to buy fanatics back. Now fanatics is worth 10 times whatever GSI was ever worth. But that was like a 25 year journey.

I mean, he spent a lot of time grinding and learning as he went. And so I think, I think you need a good five to 10 year period of depth and building fundamentals. And then from there you can spawn into launching multiple different things using those unfair advantages.

Yeah. Fanatics is actually a client of late checkout and dispatch or design subscription. And just learning about that business has been like nuts.

I did a business breakdown on it. I don't know if you've ever heard that podcast that I record, but we interviewed their main investor at insight venture and it's a nutty business. Yeah.

It's pretty cool. But like, but like again, he couldn't have started that without 10 to 15 years at GSI commerce, which was this like really unknown, unheard of whatever business that was a grind. Yeah.

I think the, the MVP of being a multi-preneur is can you create content in one niche that people resonate with? Like, can you, before you create product market fit, can you create content market fit in one topic? Then can you do it in two topics?

And then can you build one product and then can you build two products? And then it's just, you layer it on as you get older. It's definitely easier and your unfair advantage grows.

Um, but you know, let's, I don't want to dissuade the 17 year old who's listening to this, who, you know, because I think there's, you just, just start. Yeah. Just start.

I mean, that's always the answer is just try to do something. Yeah. I, you know, my, one of my biggest mistakes in college.

And I always tell this when I talk to college kids is like, I always used to joke, my brain was bigger than my legs. So I could think I was a Wharton kid. I was like, oh, here's the market size.

And oh, you know, we had a, we had a teacher business in college that did $200,000 a year in sales and like 70,000 EBITDA. Like it was a good business for college kids. And we thought we, we thought about expanding it once to be a national college.

We basically did bulk apparel for all the fraternities and sororities. That was the business. And our big Wharton brains were like, oh, the market's too small.

This is not a good idea. And meanwhile, like our legs didn't know how to actually build a business like that, but just learning anything we could have gotten, you know, to something that would have been very meaningful. And actually one of my co-founder's friends started a similar business on his campus.

And he came up with this genius idea of like, I'm going to have a, I'm going to sell a sponsorship to like Pepsi on the t-shirts and provide them for free to the sororities and fraternities. And I'm going to make $20 a shirt instead of $7 a shirt. And he turns it into a multimillion dollar business that he ends up selling.

Right. And so the lesson is just like, just start, get things going, solve. The other thing I tell college kids is try to get your, just your haul on an app before you think you can sell the world on something.

Can you get the 20 people who you see every day to do it? Like to use a common app to like plan groceries or something, just you build the app, build a simple app. And I'm like, you'll learn how hard it is to get something done, like to build something.

And that, and that lesson is super valuable. That's why I think building an audience or building a community, even like a WhatsApp group chat or a group chat is such a great place to train yourself on. Can I create something that people are going to want to do?

Cause people are busy. They don't have time to download your app. Unless you're Mark Zuckerberg and you're launching threads.

Um, you know, and you know, so I think that's why I love just starting with audiences and communities. Yeah. That's one of my earliest pieces of advice to, to people is like, Oh, I want to start a business that sells life insurance to millennials and blah, blah, blah.

I'm like, well, can you just, why don't you just start a newsletter for them and see if they'll, they'll just like read about what you're talking about. Right. Before you sell them something.

Yeah. Just give them information for free. Exactly.

And they'll actually read it totally. And they're like, Oh, that's really hard actually. Yeah.

Jesse, if people want more of you, where do they go and follow you in the journey? Uh, Twitter and threads, I guess. Jspuji, uh, Jspuji, Jesse at gateway.xyz.

Uh, you know, we're always looking to, to meet potential people who want to partner with us to build businesses. Uh, always looking for interesting opportunities to collaborate, uh, across the spectrum of what we're doing. Love it.

Well, thanks for the time. This is, uh, this has been great. Mr.

Multipreneur. Thanks, Greg. Appreciate it.

Yeah. See ya.