How I will think about buying businesses will be the same way that I'm thinking about starting them, which is turning my cost centers, like looking at my profit and loss statement, and looking at where I'm spending money. And the interesting part is, if you look at the 10 businesses that I've started, eight of them were businesses that I was spending money on at Bolt Storage. SEO link building, performance marketing, website development, recruiting, all these things, things that I needed as a business owner.

And it turns out that if I need them as a business owner, then a lot of the business owners who follow me on Twitter for the management advice, and trust me because they listen to my words, they read my newsletter, they listen to my podcast, whatever it might be, they'll need the same kind of things that I need. Sweaty Startup, Nick Huber, the man who needs no introduction. Greg, what's up, man?

You need no introduction because you are a staple of the internet. You've upset enough people on the internet that the people that hate you, hate you, but the people that love you, love you. I think in order to get people to really be a fan, you have to take a stance on something, right?

If you're just middle down the road, everybody thinks you're decent, and nobody really likes you that much. It's kind of a tough, I think that's a tough position to be in. If you're going to, you got to pick a side online, I think, right?

Well, you do have to pick a side if you want to say something worthwhile and interesting. But you, on the other hand, seem like you're, you know how to rile up the crowds. Is that fair to say?

I think one of the most fascinating phenomenons to me is that a human being could be going about their day doing whatever they want. They're living their life. Most of them are in America where you can literally do whatever you want to be doing.

You're either with people you chose to be around. You're in a place that you chose to move into. You're working a job that you took a job offer to do.

And you're going to open up Twitter and you're going to see something that some stranger named Nick Huber put on the internet. And you're going to get upset by that. Upset to the point where you're going to take time out of your day to just spew out a bunch of mean things or tell your friends or talk about it or just have these negative thoughts floating around your head.

Totally mind-blowing to me. I didn't know that such a large percentage of people were that easily influenced by things that just don't matter at all and are not in their control. Well, I think it's not that it's Nick Huber saying it.

It's just that people have strongly held beliefs. And then when you say something that's against that belief, that really upsets people. I think it goes back to human beings are tribal.

And it feels like you're attacking them even though you're always joking about it. For example, tell people about the deck tweet. I made a tweet that said, I found this stupid picture of a contractor who put a deck on half of a slide glass door on a second level.

So literally half the slide glass door, the window part of it was facing outside straight to the ground. But on the other half, there was a deck where one 200 pound person would take up the whole deck. I would get out there and nobody could stand there with me on that deck.

And I made a tweet that said, hey, just installed this at one of my rental properties. The tenant moved out, of course. I raised the rent from $900 to $1,500.

The tenant moved out, of course. But I was able to release it at the new higher price right away. This is the key to value creation and wealth building or something stupid.

And also just a lot of people hate landlords, man. They think that a lot of people think that residential real estate should be an entitlement and not a for-profit business. And, you know, so that one really, really took off.

And took off, like how many people saw it? The HOA one got 50 million people saw it. This one got maybe 20 million people saw it.

So yeah, we're talking, we're talking, I don't know, a third of, a third of the daily active users on Twitter probably saw that tweet at some point or the other. Crazy. Crazy.

And what does that translate into dollars and business? Like why do a tweet like that? You know, are you doing it for fun or are you actually like, oh, you know, this will get my name out there.

It'll translate into dollars. So there is something to be said for the fact that the tweet after, if you add value, if you teach somebody something, it will be seen by more people. Because if you're scrolling down through Twitter and you avoid, and you see a Nick Huber post, but you just continue to scroll on, Elon is a lot less likely to show you the next Nick Huber tweet for sure.

Like, hey, you just saw one of these, you didn't click on it. So we're not going to show you. But if you go through and you click on somebody's tweet, you're going to see more of that person.

It happens all the time. So even my true followers, the people who are in the business, the people I'm after, they'll click on the deck tweet just to read the replies because the replies are hilarious. So the next tweet, then if I add a lot of value, or if I pitch something or something or the other, it'll get it'll get seen by more people.

There's kind of an afterburn of engagement. But that's not truly why or how I end up doing it. I just have a weird sense of humor.

And I think it's funny to get people going. But yeah, there's no there's no like massive follower gain. If anything, I'll lose a couple followers on a day that that'll happen.

It's not a big of an engagement hack as people think it is. And now unfortunately, on Twitter, you have a ton of people trying to do it. And they kind of just maybe that's what I look like, too.

But they kind of look like idiots when they don't do it right. So we have a friend, Julian Shapiro. He tweets like once a quarter now.

And well, I think a big part of it is he feels, you know, I want to speak for him. But, you know, you can just say, yeah, you can just say what you think you can just say what you think you might be after. Yeah.

Yeah. You know, Julian really thinks about how do I like the reason why he got Twitter is because he he was like, there's a bunch of really smart people on Twitter. And I want those people to read my tweets.

Which is very fair. We all got on. Yeah.

Yeah. It's the same reason why we all got on. And not even to read my tweets, but also that I can go and reach out to these really smart people, send them a DM and be like, hey, do you want to grab coffee or whatever?

It's a network accelerant. Network accelerant. Now, when you're creating tweets that upset a lot of people, you might get blocked.

And some of those people that might block you are the people that you set out to. Those are the people that you set out to attract initially. So I think Julian will use Twitter very differently today than he would a few years ago, because he's like, I'm only when I drop something on Twitter, it is going to be fire.

Like it is going to be super well researched. It's going to be like nothing else out there. It's going to be a unicorn.

You're going to love it. And he doesn't want to play those games, algorithmic games, whereas it feels like what you are playing a little bit of algorithmic games when you're tweeting. I should absolutely be more disciplined on Twitter.

Absolutely. I'll say that. Like there is not a method to this madness all the time.

Half the tweets are doing nothing for Nick Huber brand. There's nothing to gain by making a lot of these tweets. That's for sure.

But like, I don't understand how you can build a couple hundred thousand follower list and have that distribution and have the ability to get into those people's minds and only tweet or go weeks or months without tweeting. That's just like somebody, somebody on social media recently, like put the, like the ignorance tax. They talked about the ignorance tax.

And like, if you make a million dollars a year, there's a $4 million ignorance tax of you not knowing how to make $5 million a year. Like that gap between what you earn now and your earning potential is the ignorance tax. And I know that Julian's not a good example because he crushes it at career life entrepreneurship.

But I feel like there's always something that is worthy of free eyeballs all over the internet. But like the people who block me, I think that's, that's also kind of, there's an advantage there. Like I'm, I'm weeding out the people who don't get my sense of humor for one thing, take it too personally, politically, totally disagree with me and people that I wouldn't maybe jive with over time.

Anyway, I'm kind of weeding those folks out. So I don't mind, I don't mind having a couple of true fans and a lot of people who just, okay, Nick's, Nick's not for me. And that's perfectly fine.

It's perfectly fine. And the truth is, even if you're not saying anything controversial, like I don't consider my tweets to be controversial, but people block me all the time. So this morning, a buddy of mine sent me a tweet.

And, and so I go and click on the tweet and I see, I can't see it. That's the best. And I, and, and I'm like, who's this guy, Tom?

And he, cause I can't see it. I had to check it out in incognito mode. He's like, it's Tom Sweeney.

And I was like, who's Tom Sweeney? He goes, he's the CEO of Epic Games. It's like a 20 plus billion dollar company.

And all of a sudden I'm like, why did Tom Sweeney block me on Twitter? Like, what did I say such that Tom Sweeney, a guy I've never met with, A, I've never met with him before. B, I've never replied or liked any of his tweets.

And, and also he's, you know, Epic Games up until very recently was a client of late checkout as well. So, you know, he probably doesn't know that, but it's, you know, and, and, and, and, and it was a great experience. So it's like, don't go on Twitter unless you're, you're, you're prepared to have some of your heroes block you.

It's yeah. That's the part that hurts about Twitter. I can take, I can take, you know, the Twitter handle at mom's basement for 2069.

I can take them blocking me all day. Like they're just an anonymous account. Don't care.

I can, I can take them talking, Hey, sending the meanest, meanest things. I don't really care. But often when you're out and you're in the arena, you're building, you're tweeting, whatever it is being yourself.

You're going to have respected people in the community, people that, you know, people who are building businesses, people are doing amazing things and who also are respected by a lot of your peers. You're going to have them jump on and say mean things or block you or do whatever that is when it hurts. You're absolutely right.

If there's one thing I've learned about Twitter, it's that the bigger you get, the more unavoidable it is, especially if you be yourself and you're not worried about what people think online, you're going to piss people off. It's part of it. And I could do a better job of not pissing off so many people.

Absolutely. Probably will eventually just not waste time doing that, but it's a habit. It's a habit.

I can't help it. So I want to shift gears a little bit and talk more about the Nick Huber world. So, cause it isn't just at sweaty startup on Twitter anymore.

There's a bunch of accounts that you're a part of and businesses that you've created on top of it. I've talked a lot about recently about multi-preneurship, which is this idea around, you know, how do you create a company that creates companies? And that's something that you're doing and doing really well.

Could you just talk a little bit about your world of multi-preneurship? Yeah, I think a pretty influential moment, I guess we have to back up is you sent a text to the group chat today that we've been interacting for three years and it kind of blew my mind that, Hey, me and Greg Eisenberg met each other three years ago and we started hanging out with six other guys who are similarly driven, similar, you know, similar growth strategies, all supporting each other. And that was kind of a pivotal moment where I began to really accelerate my growth on Twitter.

And then I woke up a year later and realized, and a lot of this was at your, you know, poking and encouragement that we're sitting on a pretty tremendous opportunity here. So I can play golf, mess around, focus on real estate, tweet, piss off the woke mob, do whatever I want to do. Or I can get out there and work my butt off to capitalize on what could eventually be a fleeting opportunity.

One that's not around forever, which is distribution. Like the ability to tweet and get in the first 10 minutes, get inside of 10,000 people's heads. And in the first three hours reach more people than can fit in the largest athletic stadiums in the world.

That is a competitive advantage. If you want to sell things or start companies or attract talent, or it's just the power of distribution is, is unbelievable. So I got serious about it and it was the, you know, the support shepherd experience in 2021, where I took a very minority owner, you know, affiliate deal at first, and then became a minority ownership stake of what grew to be a massive company, $25 million plus business now today.

And that opened my eyes to the power of this stuff. It's real. These aren't just the people that follow me are not just, you know, anonymous accounts sitting in their parents' basement playing video games.

These people are in the real world, doing real deals, building real businesses, adding a lot of value. And I have a direct line into their mind. And how can I capitalize on that?

How can, you know, it's, it's build companies that I need and that these people need. So just like you, I mean, I'm a, I'm a huge fan of stuff that doesn't scale. Entrepreneurship.

Everybody talks about scalability. Everybody talks about raising capital, about moats, about, you know, world changing ideas. I think that if you have a competitive advantage in one area, you can do regular things that other people do and make really good money.

And it can become life-changing money. As you've seen with some of the agencies that you've built, I think it's, it's been really interesting to see our group of friends, you, me, some of our other friends, all kind of shift towards repeatable, boring, not that scalable businesses, but that when you play the game at a, at a, at a, at a big level and you know how to delegate and you know how to market, you know how to sell and you have distribution and you can attract talent, you can build teams, just amazing things can happen. I think you're, you and me have been cheering each other on, you know, since the very beginning of like, people are sleeping on agencies.

People are sleeping on these businesses that don't scale. So you and I both are kind of seizing the opportunity. Yeah.

Yeah. And you know, we can say who's in the group. So it's, it's me, you, Sahil Bloom, Sean Puri, Sam Parr, Nikita, Nikita Beer, Austin and Austin Reef.

That's it. Right. Right.

Mm-hmm. Julian was a part of the group and he left, but it was amicable. So it's interesting because a lot of that group is traditionally been like a venture backed type mentality.

Like I raised venture capital, Sam raised money for his, you know, for the hustle. Sean has raised venture. Austin raised venture, you know, Sahil was in a PE fund.

And, and it's interesting that we've all kind of just had a collective aha moment, which was distribution matters. To your point, I love that like direct line into people's brains and just building trust as much as possible on these platforms. And then what's a non-venture backable business, at least to start that you can build, you know, people call it boring businesses.

People call it not scalable, but you know, Shepard is a great example of something that could scale, right? Like that's a business that could be really big. Yeah.

It's not that we're not starting businesses that could be really big. I think there's examples in all of our, in everything that we are doing from Sam to Austin, to you, to me, to Sean, all the businesses that we're going after. There's examples of massive companies.

There's examples of companies that do, you know, 25, 50, a hundred plus million dollars a year of revenue. So we're not talking, we're not necessarily talking like a small one man solopreneur journey here. We're just talking about stuff that's already been done before.

Like this stuff has all been done. There's marketing agencies, there's pay-per-click agencies, there's, you know, design and, you know, creative studio agencies, like click checkout. This stuff exists, but if you do it well, you're a good salesperson, you're good at building teams, magic happens.

And all of us kind of got that all, it hit us all at the same time. And we were kind of on a race to do boring shit and make as much money as possible. It's been really fun to watch everybody crush it.

I feel like the majority of people in this group chat now have, now have like offshoring agencies. Yeah. Austin's got one, Sean's in Shepard with us.

It's a, yeah. I mean, there's, there's great business models and there's poor business models and we can all tell the difference. Totally.

Totally. So it's, yeah, it's just been fascinating to see. And yeah, I wonder, what do you think, what do you think happens over the next three years for us?

For the folks in the group? Yeah. Because I think, and the reason I ask is because I think, I mean, we were right over the last three years, you know, and if we're right over the next three years, there's probably a lot of lessons that people can learn from, from what your prediction might be.

I think the value of distribution will continue. I think the opportunity in basic blocking and tackling businesses will continue. I think we, as a group will level up and we'll start buying companies.

We'll start investing in more companies. We'll start advising more companies. We'll each build kind of our own personalized holding company of, like you're saying, a multi-preneur where we, we can, we can pull some really valuable levers in multiple companies at the same time.

And we can have partners that help us execute, that help us run these things that allow us to live the life that we want to live while still creating content and doing what we love to do with our friends and family and whoever else. But yeah, it's, it's a, I think we're all going to level up. I, I think everybody will level up from, you know, being happy about a, you know, obviously some of us are playing games at different levels, what Nikita can do and what Austin's doing at Morning Brew and what Sam's doing at Hampton.

And like, those are different levels than me starting a web development agency and being happy with 20 grand a month of cashflow. But I think we'll all just continue to level up. And I like to think that I'll cross the chasm and be able to take, you know, maybe buy a company for five, 10, 20 million and take it to the next level.

I don't know how to do that, but I want to learn how to do that. That's kind of my next challenge. I think some of your agencies are already growing really, really fast and you'll be able to do spectacular things.

And I think the firepower coming out of that group is going to be pretty awesome. Because when you have people with a positive mindset and they love to see each other win, it's just, it's abnormal. Most of the time when people crush it, they're surrounded by people who obviously proximity wise are not all crushing it.

So it's easy to be surrounded by crabs in a bucket who want to bring you down, who don't necessarily want to see you win. Pretty rare to all of a sudden surround yourself with influences that want to see you win and want to encourage you and want to be a positive influence. And it's just been a pretty spectacular networking tool.

I mean, without Twitter, I never would have met you guys and it's definitely changed my life for the better. So I want to talk about buying a business for a second. So at the end of 2022, we bought a business and out of that business was incubated our fastest growing property right now, which is boringmarketing.com, which started off as an AI technology that we ended up spinning up to help brands with SEO.

And now I'm hooked on this idea around what else could I buy? Because not only are you buying the assets, but you're really buying a team of operators who have systems and processes. And you can just like on day one, lean into it.

So my question to you is you want to be buying more businesses. How do you like what's your framework for thinking about what to buy, how to buy it, what price to buy it at? And yeah, as much detail as you're willing to share.

Buying a business is exciting to me because there is nothing harder than the first seven or eight months of a service business startup. I own RE Cost Seg, which is doing 150 grand a month now and has reached escape velocity and is going to be an amazing asset. It's a life changing business that, you know, Mitchell Baldrige, myself, Dan and Mitchell's wife, Mel have started.

But still at the six month mark, the six month mark, we had a phone call where our operator is near tears. We're selling, we're selling 50 grand a week of Cost Segs and we can only deliver 10 grand a week of Cost Segs. We're having massive bottlenecks inside the organization of actually delivering.

We had overloaded the company with business. We were doing a good job promoting on Twitter and it was exploding. But that was really, really hard and really, really stressful.

It was sleepless nights for me as a non-operating partner and hell for our operating partner, which is Mitchell's wife, Mel. We got through it. She's a badass.

The company's going well. But the idea of buying a company that has got that part covered, that is extremely intriguing to me. So how I've thought about how I will think about buying businesses when will be the same way that I'm thinking about starting them, which is turning my cost centers, like looking at my profit and loss statement and looking at where I'm spending money.

And the interesting part is like if you look at the 10 businesses that I've started, eight of them were businesses that I was spending money on it at Bolt Storage. Property and casualty insurance, debt brokerage, property, Cost Segs, SEO link building, performance marketing, website development, recruiting. All these things were things that I needed as a business owner.

And it turns out that if I need them as a business owner, then a lot of the business owners who follow me on Twitter for the management advice and trust me because they listen to my words, they read my newsletter, they listen to my podcast, whatever it might be, they'll need the same kind of things that I need. So it's just a comfort thing. And I also needed the personal cash flow.

Like the personal cash flow is new to me. Like having liquidity, having money in the bank is new. A way to risk it all, in my opinion, was to buy a business that was too big and the turnaround fails.

And all of a sudden I'm personally guaranteed the people that I raise money from are pissed. I've ruined a reputation. So I'm just now getting to the point where my personal monthly cash flow is starting to stack up enough where I can take some swings.

But I also, I'm kind of thinking about my, you know, Nick Huber holding company as a, as an accumulation of talent. I'm trying to get talented operators in. I'm trying to get to know them, get to know their strengths, get to know what they're good at.

How good are they at building teams? You know, sales, how good, how good are they at doing these things inside these companies? And over the course of a year, two years, three years, while we're collecting money, while we're building the bankroll, I'm building this Rolodex of operators that I can, you know, okay, maybe Web Run didn't work.

But I know that Will at Web Run is one of the best, you know, team builders on the agency side that I know. So I'm going to go with Will. I'm going to buy a company.

Maybe, you know, bold SEO is thriving and we can pull out. We can pull Reagan out of that business because, you know, we can replace them. We can hire the systems are built and me and Reagan.

I can install Reagan in another company and buy a business. That's kind of how I'm thinking about, okay, right now I'm laying the groundwork. I'm laying the groundwork of businesses that all companies need.

Every company needs a link building service. Every company needs paid ad support. Every company needs a really good website.

Every company needs, you know, employees in Latin America, in the Philippines and be able to recruit U.S. talent. Every company needs these things.

My companies that I buy in the future will need these things. And I can use my foundation of companies to accelerate, you know, the cash flow allows me to buy them. The services allow me to accelerate them and I can own and hold them and either sell them or just continue to build my network of like my five-year goal is to build my Rolodex full of badass operators that I know and trust.

They've come in, they've showed me what they can do. And I think that's kind of the underrated part of me starting these companies. Yes, I talked to Andrew Wilkinson on the phone a couple of days ago and he's like, Nick, what are you doing, man?

You're starting all these companies. You got to just go buy them. You're playing the game on hard mode.

And obviously that was just, you know, he, he critiqued, he, he nuanced that with a lot of other things and he, he supports it generally, not trying to make it sound otherwise, but he basically said, you know, your ability to go buy these companies is going to be dependent on who and how you can hire the operating, the, the, the management teams. So I think that, you know, me building this foundation of companies will set me up to then feel comfortable moving and, and, you know, utilizing the team that I'm building now to kind of help accelerate it all. I was actually sitting in this seat in 2020 when I spoke to Andrew Wilkinson when I was just starting late checkout and he gave me basically the same advice.

Greg, I don't understand. Why are you starting so many companies? Why are you building so many products?

Just go and buy them. And my reaction to, to Andrew was, yeah, but it's so much fun going zero to one and building from scratch. Like I love coming up with the name, coming up with the brand, do the positioning, like the zero to one.

And while I'll, I'll always love that he was right. Like it took me a few years to realize, you know what? Like, okay, you know, if going zero to one is art, going one to N is more science and playing only in zero to one is a bit of a mistake when you're, you can, there's no reason why you or I can't be doing both.

Like we can, we can still be incubating and buying. It's a, I just think it's just such a, a, a testament to the fact that business is about momentum, like businesses and evolution. It's, it's a, it's a process that you, if you, if you try to start on third base, if you try to start by just buying a big company and turning it around, when you've never operated a small company, you've never started a company, you've never built teams, you've, you don't have a ton of experience delegating.

It's really hard, but I, I'm looking forward to these new challenges. And Andrew is absolutely right. You and I are both seeing the light that you can buy companies and you can pull a couple levers and create millions of dollars out of thin air of equity value and cashflow.

That's, that's exciting. I think you and I are both going to love that. We're going to love it.

You're already proving that you can do it. I'm excited to challenge myself and try to do it, but I'm not there yet. I'm getting close, getting more and more comfortable every day.

How do you think about what is the right size in terms of purchase price for the first deal? I would buy a company now that has two or 300 grand of, of, of EBITDA. I mean, that's enough.

That's enough to, you know, hire some decent people to pull some levers. You know, they got a management team. You know, they have some people who can, well, they actually, they don't have a management team at two or 300 grand.

The owner is the manager, but they have some people who can execute. They have some client leads. They have some people who can deliver what, whatever the services they're delivering.

I think that's a beautiful place to start because it can be really low risk. You can get a business really cheap and seller finance almost all of it. And if it burn crashes and burns, then you walk, you hand the keys back and walk away.

It gets tougher for the first one, especially if you go out and need to take an SBA loan for hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars and, and you've got to raise money for the equity. And it's not rocket science. And I think that people can do it.

Absolutely can be done. Especially if you know how to delegate and build teams, but it just seems riskier to me, but it came down to, Hey, do I want to buy a business that does two or 300 grand a year? Or do I want to just do the work in six months and get my own business there and save the four, six, $700,000 that I'd have to buy that company for?

Well, it's, it's also the assumption you're making there is that a hundred percent of your bets are going to make it there, but they're bets, right? Like we incubate stuff all the time that fails. So like we'll often put 250 grand into something and try it and it fails.

And I much now, one of the things I'm learning is like all of these starts and stops that you're doing 250 grand here, 150 grand here, a hundred grand here, 300 grand here. I, I'm kind of seeing the light where I'm like, actually, I want to do less incubation, like reduce that budget, still do incubation, but reduce that budget and take that budget to actually just buy something that's working. Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm. I got a question for you, Greg. You know me really well now.

Um, yeah, we are, we are friends. You we've been talking weekly, almost daily for three years now. You you've seen how I've evolved.

You're getting, you, you read my tweets, you, you follow along closely. Like what could I be missing? Like what, what do you, if, and, and pretend we're not recording, like be candid.

I, I like constructive feedback. I'm, I'm a, I love it. I revel in it and I'm not easily offended.

Like, what do you think I'm doing wrong? Or what do you think I could do better? Or what do you, what blind spots do you think that I could have?

Or what do you think five years from now? I'll look back and say, damn, I wish I knew that. And I would've started doing that earlier now because I feel like you, you are five years further ahead than me.

So, or you just could spot some things that could be missing. So. I think that you could be acquiring one to two companies per year.

And I think that if you, you know, in five years from now, if you're acquiring one to two per year, you have eight companies after five years, I think two of them can be smashing successes way bigger than anything you've incubated. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

I think that you're, you're a finance guy at the core. Like you said, seller financing, assuming that everyone is listening to this understands what that means. Like you understand your way around the books.

So I think that because you understand distribution and the books and deals, like to me, it makes like total sense that you should be buying companies. I think that if I were you, I would, one thing I would do is I wouldn't buy a 200, $300,000 EBITDA business. I would go and just say, you know, how much is it to cost, you know, to go to an MBA school costs, I don't know, 50 grand a year.

So I'm going to take a budget, my MBA budget, it's going to be 50 grand and I'm going to buy something for 50 grand. I'm going to do the negotiation myself. I'm going to, I'm just going to manage the whole process from A to Z and I'm going to put an operator on it.

And you do that, like assuming this $50,000 investment goes to nothing, but with just a way for you to test and hit the tires on this, you know, put it into your audience, see if they like it. And I would also probably not do a service based business because I would also want to test what are other types of businesses that my audience would like. So I tweeted at you a couple of days ago.

I forget what you tweeted, but I was basically like, you should be inky. Oh yeah. You were tweeting about Jobber and a few other SaaS products.

And I always see you tweeting about these different SaaS products and I'm kind of like, well, why don't you own one of these SaaS products? Like you talk about how, you know, you're building businesses for you, but you're probably spending hundreds, thousands of dollars a month on these SaaS products that you could be owning and actually like building for you. And as you know, the multiples on SaaS businesses are a lot higher than the multiples on service businesses.

So if I were you, the number one thing I'd be doing is buying a cheap SaaS product, giving it to my audience, iterating from there and like writing my learnings after three or six months and then say, okay, I did it for 50K. Now let me try to buy something with 300 to $500,000 in EBITDA. Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm. That's good advice. Yeah.

I need, I need some SaaS products. I need them. I, I, I know that I know it's on my roadmap.

I just need to take it more seriously. I think you're right. Yeah.

And I said it because like we're constantly incubating SaaS products and the, the other thing that people don't talk about in SaaS land that much is that like you can, you can literally incubate a SaaS product in 30 days. You know, I'm old enough to remember like, you know, five years ago when it cost, you wanted any SaaS product, it was $2 million. It cost $2 million to build a SaaS product.

That was like pre-product market fit. That's just like a product. And now it doesn't cost $2 million anymore.

If I, how much would it cost me to build a Google review aggregator? Cause I need Google reviews on every single one of my companies and 63 self-storage facility, you know, brick and mortar locations. I need a way to aggregate and automate getting Google reviews from customers.

And so does my entire audience. So should I build that? Or should I find somebody who had tried to build it and couldn't get any customers and wants to sell it to me for, you know, under a hundred grand?

I mean, I would start with finding out to see if that exists somewhere else. One of the ways I typically do that is I go on product hunt and product hunt has like a C, a failed product. So 99% of the products that are on product hunt have failed.

And you might find something, you know, from 2015 or 2017 that actually looked really good. It's basically a dormant business. Operator might've just lost interest in it.

Or, you know, a lot of people lose interest in these businesses because they're just not seeing traction. So if you can come to them and be like, Hey, I'm your traction guy. You're the product person.

Like help, help me revive this. I'll give you $50,000 to do it. And I'm going to give you upside.

I think it's compelling. That's a good idea. I'll be on product hunt the rest of the day.

I also think that you could, you know, you could part, you can also partner with other people, right? Like you can partner with a firm like ours where like we've done deals where we'll just take upside and sometimes a little bit of cash, a little upside and partner with people. Um, you know, we've partnered with, uh, you know, Mr.

Beast has night media and they've built some, some products, um, and we've partnered and took equity in some of those. So I also think there's groups like ours, like for people listening to this that like are interested, but might not, you know, want to put out a lot of money. Like there's like cold call different agencies and partners.

And even if on their website, it says they're not, they don't do this stuff. Like you never know. It's the same thing with hiring a potential employee, right?

Someone might have a job, but if you DM them or you send them a message, who knows, you might catch them on a day where they're having a bad day and they really like what you're doing. And all of a sudden you're able to convince them to come join your team. Yeah.

I like it. I like it. The world is swimming with opportunity.

That's for sure. It's almost like you can't, you can't keep your head above water. It's coming so fast sometimes.

Do you ever feel like you're doing too many projects at the same time? Because every time I start a project, the analogy I use is it cuts my brain in another section. So if you think about it as like a pizza, it's just like you're cutting, you know, you're cutting it in another slice and another slice and another slice and another slice.

And it's a bit of mental overload. So sometimes, you know, I look at what you're doing and I'm like, whoa, this guy's like working on a lot of projects. Is that just me or how do you feel about it?

Yeah, I'm an over delegator to the extreme, meaning I'm not going to interact with any of the customers. I'm not going to have an email address for the company. I'm not going to have a job in the company or I'm pissed off.

And that's a blessing and a curse. It's a curse because, you know, it's 80% as good as it would be if I were doing it myself. Like I could do it myself better.

But it's a blessing because I can take more shots and I can invest in an operator who I know is awesome. I mean, an example is my property and casualty insurance company, which could be the biggest of all my businesses in 10 years. I have my, my, the CEO of that company is, is my business partner, Dan Hagberg, who I went to college with and founded the storage company with and owns half my real estate portfolio.

And I know he's a killer. I have not been on one meeting. I have not done anything at all for that company, except ask him on the fourth hole of a golf course.

Oh, Hey, by the way, how's, how's Titan risk going? Other companies are different. Like not, not all operators are as competent as Dan, but in a way, like they're, they're impressing me.

Like these people that own these, that are running these companies, they're impressing me. Like, I don't, I don't need to talk to the guy who runs my recruiting company, but once a month and he, we done $76,000 of revenue in the first three months and recruiting cycle is like long. Recruiting sales cycle is long.

So I don't know. I think I will pull the plug on some, but none of them right now are like, damn, this is the one I probably am going to need to pull the plug on. Um, yeah, it's, it's not, I, I, I like it.

I like being able to check in. I like looking at the new leads and all the companies I like. It's kind of addicting to kind of look at the, the, the trajectory and the tough part, but yeah, then there's stressful.

Then there's stressful parts. Of course. It's like one of these companies did some work for my company and it didn't go well.

And, and Dan's like, Hey Nick, I need to give you some feedback. Uh, this, this was fucking shitty. Like we're going to fire your company here if they don't get their stuff together.

I'm like, oh damn it. That's stressful. So yeah, it's not all without, it's not all without, it's not all.

It's not all without its stress. That's for sure. But I still spend 10 hours a week on the golf course and 10 hours a week working on my personal brand.

And I hang out with my family a lot, you know? So I feel like I have a decent balance, but I'm definitely, I'm definitely working hard right now. That's for sure.

I like the rule of, I don't have an email address because it's, it creates this distance between you and the business. And it's basically, and I think Andrew does this really well. Andrew Wilkinson, which I think he got from Charlie Munger and Warren Buffett, which is it's all about the operator and we respect and support the operator and we're here to help.

But we're not really here to be in the day to day. Like if you're, if we're, if I'm here in the day to day, then there's an issue with the operating team. Yeah.

And I think I'll, maybe I'll pull the plug and shut down a company. Maybe I'll fire an operator and have to bring in another one. If I still think the company's a good, a fundamentally good business, the operator is just not doing a good job.

That's all still to be determined. But yeah, I'm like these people that I'm embedding on are going to be the ones that make or break this stuff. And I think they like that.

They like the fact that they control the company. They control their destiny. They ping me when they need more customers.

And it's kind of like, like you said, taking, taking small bets and some of them will, some of them will turn into big things and their varying level of investments too. Like the property and cash, the insurance is a cash, a money suck right now. I'm, I'm personally investing 30 grand a month into that one.

The business brokerage is another 30 grand a month that I'm just, I'm investing because I believe in those companies, but it's just a longer sales cycle. And permitting and requirements and, you know, getting paid on a deal closing when you start a business brokerage, you know, best case scenario is six to nine months after you start the business. So definitely varying levels of personal investment.

Can you talk more about the flywheels that you're creating for these individual businesses? Because I'd imagine you don't want to be in a situation where these businesses are reliant on you for leads and customers. And I've noticed you have big Twitter accounts for your, for Shepard or for Titan Risk or for Bold SEO.

So can you talk more about how you're thinking about that? Yeah. And right now I'm doing a lot of the work.

Like I'll be honest, I I'm doing a lot of the tweeting. I'm controlling a lot of the accounts. I'm, I'm, I'm doing a lot of the marketing myself, but I hired a badass copywriter from team Gary V that started three months ago and he's working his way up, getting more and more trust every single day.

I think he's a keeper and he's going to be with me a long time and he's going to become a very wealthy man and have a pretty important job at my holding company. Also have a, a systems operator guy. Who's, you know, working with me to empower all the operators and all the companies.

He doesn't work for any one business. He is, his job is a similar to mine to give the operators exactly what they need to win and then get the hell out of the way. I have another copywriter that started last week and I have a video editor and another podcast video editor.

So the team at the holding company level is kind of the goal of there is to build a machine that can take more of the content creation off my plate, more repurposing content that I wrote, reposting content that I already wrote, clipping these videos that we're making right now, clipping it into, you know, stuff for Twitter, link, you know, link, LinkedIn, Instagram, so on. But yeah, it's a, it's, it turns out that a lot of these companies are the same. Like a lot of these, all these companies need a deal account to pay their employees.

They need to get in with shepherd to hire some people. They need to get in with recruit jet to hire, you know, the middle management folks. They need to get in, uh, gusto.

They need an air table. They need a Slack channel. They need an email systems all set up and finalized.

They need a good website with forms and, and, you know, we need to collect our, you know, organize our sales funnel the same way. So every subsequent company that we start is a really a quicker process to get started. Like I'm going to find a premium domain.

I'm going to buy a premium domain for 10 grand or less. And three days later, there's going to be a site that we can, we can collect customers in. And that during that time, I'm working to deal with an operator.

As soon as we get it signed, we're going out, you know, and hiring the first bit of talent. And a month after we have the idea to start a business a month later, we have five people on the team and we're, we're, we're, you know, pursuing sales with clients. Like we can, we can do it really, really fast.

Now we're getting better at it. So, and then there's, there's the interconnectivity of them working together, like them becoming customers of each other and referring business all around and sharing referral fees. Like a client comes to web run and they need link building services.

Then they send them over to bold SEO and they get a 15% revenue share. And bold SEO finds a customer that needs a lot of web work. And they send them to web run.

Maybe they need paid ads and they go to ad rhino. It's just, it's a, it's a, it's a big, you know, flywheel of just tools for businesses and my businesses too, which is pretty awesome. What about email, email newsletters as a form of, you know, nurturing leads?

You know, you have a really big newsletter that I subscribe to. I love it. Um, you send weekly emails and in the emails, you know, you, you, you highlight some of your companies.

Are you thinking about having individual newsletters for your companies? And is that a big part of the strategy? No, we, we've thought about it.

I've had operators bring it up that they want to start writing a newsletter and I just can't see the value of building a whole nother audience and being responsible for a whole nother newsletter when I can, you know, get yesterday's or Monday's email. I highlighted bold SEO in the top of the email. We got 24 leads, 24 leads.

Our sales team, our sales guys booked up for the whole week. Like his whole week schedule. He's got six calls a day now.

So yeah, it's, it's my newsletter is the core strategy. Like Twitter's awesome. The individual Twitter accounts are awesome.

We can, you know, reach our customers pretty well on Twitter, but email is where I can really, really, really drive value. I don't do any outside advertising on my newsletter. I don't let anybody pay for spots on my newsletter.

I take up all my own space really inside of these companies now. And it's so far, it's working pretty well. Some, some services are harder to sell than others, but some of them just a lot of business owners need, which is, which is a blessing.

Your newsletter is on ConvertKit. Yep. Love ConvertKit.

You? And yeah, right. So right now I'm thinking, I'm thinking about switching from Substack to ConvertKit.

Can you sell me on why I should move from Substack to ConvertKit? ConvertKit is really good link tracking. I can change the links after I send emails out.

Um, I can, you know, stack sequences on. So I know that if somebody clicks on the bold SEO link, I can then drip them three more emails over the next week about SEO services, because I know they're a pretty warm lead, even though they didn't fill out the form on boldseo.com. So yeah, it's, it's just the customizability.

If you're, if you're gonna start promoting and selling on your newsletter, it's really good for that. I don't even utilize it fully, but then there's the creator network of like everybody being able to recommend each other that, you know, the quality of the emails aside, I know that, you know, three out of four might be a total joke. You were, you were bringing up some stuff this week about how like it could, it could be getting just a lot of confusion among people, not even knowing they're signing up for my email list, but that's still been, I've still noticed like a uptick in like the, the sales, which are important to me.

And at two or three bucks an email, it's, it's worth that. So yeah, it's, it's all ConvertKit just does a good job, but beehive. Substack, they're all, they're all doing similar stuff now too.

So yeah, the beehive, we use beehive for, you probably need a robot, which are our AI newsletter. And it's really amazing for, for just like, you want to get a message out there and you want to push it out in a really beautiful way. And I love at the end of each beehive newsletter, you can say like, do you like it?

Did you not like it? And there's almost like a common section. So you really, really get to understand, like you under, you get to understand how valuable the email was to someone.

And that's my favorite part about beehive. But if you're actually trying to sell stuff, ConvertKit with the automations, i.e. like what you're saying, you click this.

Therefore, I'm going to put you in this drip FOMO sequence of, you know, teaching people about SEO, for example, before they buy it, right? There's so many people who might click on your SEO link or your RE-COSSEG link and just not be ready to buy. So they're in this phase and it's like, how do you nurture them and build trust during that time so that, you know, maybe after the five email sequence, they're ready to make the jump.

And what's the lead magnet? What's the lead magnet set up? So the most valuable part for me, I haven't even really utilized like my marketing team.

We have a plan to really utilize these sequences to like you're saying, nurture these leads. I don't do it well yet. What's the like lead magnets are like the best way that I can get high value people on my newsletter.

Like, Hey, here's a PDF. Here's a PDF. It's free.

All you gotta do is give me your email. Here's some awesome copy on Twitter. Why you should click the link and why you should get it.

I wish I could share my screen and just show you like all my, I can track all my pages, all my lead magnets. I can see how many people visited the page, how many people signed up through that lead magnet. It tagged them.

So I know which of my subscribers came from like a really high value real estate. Like somebody who signs up through like, Hey, here's the, here's the 20 aspects of closing a real estate deal. I know that the 450 people who signed up through that lead magnet, like they're in the real estate game.

They're valuable. Those followers are worth 20 bucks a pop or more. But I know that the people who clicked on like, Oh, here's a list of 200 plus business ideas.

I know that they're all entrepreneurs and that's fine too. But I have all that like separated inside of convert kit. And I can post these, I can post these, um, lead magnets on a schedule over and over and over again.

And I can track, I can track how many people are signing up on each one, which ones are hitting, how they're hitting the different copy changes and stuff like that. So what's your question? Or is that the, yeah, the sub stack and the sub stack have like lead magnet ability where you can like, no, not even close, like not even close.

Sub stack is the fastest way to get up and running if you want to create a newsletter. So when I'm doing anything, like if I'm trying to post on TikTok, if I'm trying to, and they don't post on TikTok, TikTok, if I'm trying to post on Instagram and I don't post on Instagram, if I'm trying to buy a business and I'm not, and I've never bought a business, I always ask myself, what is the path of least resistance so that I can see if I like this thing. So I chose sub stack, you know, three, four years ago because it was so easy to do.

I got set up in 30 seconds. Now, after, you know, I think it's important for people to, in whatever it is they're doing to quarterly or yearly ask themselves like, what has changed between now and then? And for me personally, what has changed is I now have 70 plus thousand subscribers and I'm also selling some of my services within my email newsletter.

And my open rate has, is starting to really go up and my click through it, click through rate is going up. So I'm starting to really build trust with people. And sub stack just doesn't give me the tools I need, you know, convert kit is really interesting because it feels almost like like the tagline for convert kit should be take email seriously.

Like if, if, if convert kit hired late checkout, our design and branding agency, we would probably do something around that. And we would try to own the category of, oh yeah, you're about to share your screen. Okay, here we go.

Go for it. Okay. So these are my new signups per day.

Um, where they're coming from creator network is, is the vast majority, but you know, bio links and five ways to get better at sales. These are different. These are all different landing pages that I have like three ways to force appreciation on a real estate asset.

Those 26 subscribers, very high value, 20 tools to start any business with the 20 tools, like the tech stack I use to start my company. That's just a free PDF that people get, you know, 2,200 people. I posted this one time on Twitter, 2000 people saw, and I added a thousand subscribers that I know are business operators.

Like that's, that's phenomenally value valuable businesses that I love. Um, you know, these are super, you know, this one right here, businesses that I love on Twitter. I posted this on Twitter, maybe four times.

It's like, Hey, I spent five years building a list of 200 plus business ideas. Here's how, um, you download this list of 200 plus business ideas. And it's just a PDF with a list of all these different businesses.

20,000 people have visited that landing page. 8,000 subscribers have signed up for my newsletter through that one lead magnet, which is, uh, just pretty awesome. And I can build, I can build out this full list of lead magnets.

This is, this is dope. Like this is taking email seriously. Yeah.

Yeah. And so, and yeah, and then you got the actual broadcast where you build out the, build out the content. I got the drafts in here that aren't sent out yet, but you know, yeah, these links can trigger, these links can trigger sequences and you can set, set up all that up here to where like, if somebody clicks this link, it tags that subscriber and sends them follow up emails at certain different times.

So it's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, my dream, to be honest, is a mix of beehives design and like poles with convert kits, serious automations. Like that's my dream. I wonder when, I wonder, yeah, it was amazing to watch convert kit just take over drip.

Like drip used to be the one like three years ago, drip was the only one people use and it's just been a slow move to convert kit. But I wonder when Nathan is going to add, you know, the, the design forward front end to convert it. It would be easy to do those poles.

I mean, I hit him up, I hit him up the other day and I was like, dude, hire late checkout. We'll crush it for you. So maybe soon.

I'll tell him to hire, I'll text him right now. Tell him to hire late checkout. I got to run, but dude, thank you for letting me and everyone take a peek inside your multi-preneur brain.

Uh, I think, I think the world of you and you're doing incredible stuff and I can't wait to see what you build over the next three years and bye. I appreciate it, man. You're a, you're a pretty serious influence in my life and I look up to you a lot and I, I appreciate the fact that you want to see me win, man.

And I, I want to see you win and I know you're, I know you're crushing it. So appreciate you having me on and thanks for everything. Also, I'm driving from Montreal to Miami, which is a long drive, but maybe I'll, I'll stop, uh, in your, your, uh, neck of the woods on my way.

Let's do it, man. In Athens. Let's, let's, uh, play some, let's play some golf and mess around.

All right, man. I'll catch you later. Where could people sign up to your newsletter?

Yeah. I mean, the newsletter is how you get to know Nick Huber. I mean, I, I write a 1500 word email every week about management, delegation, hiring, recruiting, building companies, real estate.

So yeah, go to sweatystartup.com and get on my newsletter. Love it. Later.

Thanks, Greg.