Everyone's talking about Google VO3, but I don't think enough people are showing you how to make money with VO3. So I brought on PJ, who's going viral every few weeks. Some of his AI films that he's posting on X, some of them have like 100,000 likes.

It's absolutely crazy. He's figured out exactly how to do it and he reveals his prompts, his process, how he uses ChatGPT, Final Cut Pro, should you use CapCut, how to think about VO3. This is the A to Z tutorial on how to make money with VO3.

Enjoy the episode and like and comment for more of this stuff. I saw an ad that PJ used 100% AI Google VO to create VO3. And after that, I went down a rabbit hole of all these people using AI and VO3 for creating ads.

And I realized that a lot of the tutorials were to pie in the sky. Hey, this is a really cool ad. And they didn't really tell you how to get there and how to actually make money from this whole AI and VO3 craze around making ads.

So I reached out to PJ. He obliged to come and spill some sauce. PJ, by the end of this episode, what are people going to learn?

I'm going to show people how I consistently go viral on a weekly basis, how to make a commercial. We're actually going to take apart my entire pharmaceutical commercial, why it went viral, how did I make it from a practical step-by-step perspective? And then of course, how do you monetize content like this so that you can build a business around generative AI?

And can anyone do this? Like I know, because you're super talented, you've gotten like hundreds of millions of views in your career. What about the average person willing to put in the work?

Yes, I would say so. It's definitely, I think what really helps us to have structures and frameworks around what you're already uniquely interested in. But there's so many niches, so many like weird things that you like that a big small community is like, they also like as well.

And as you know, riches are in the niches. So then it's about, okay, how do I take these kinds of processes that PJ's teaching and then apply it to my weird niche that other people want to consume content like this with VO3 and generative AI? And do you have to be highly technical to get those outcomes?

Not with LLMs anymore. I think they're really making all of this easy to get cinematic. I would say at the end of the day, it's just like, can you create content that's entertaining?

And I've got a lot of tips on how you can do that. Okay. Let's see some sauce.

Okay. I tried everything for my depression. Nothing worked.

Every day felt heavy. I felt trapped. Then I tried Puppermin.

Our prescription helps your body secrete a special pheromone that attracts puppies. I took the pill before bed. And when I woke up, there he was the love of my life.

The pill does not target depression directly, but we've found that it's really difficult to be depressed when cute dogs show up at your doorstep. I used to feel so empty, but now I feel joy and mild concern how a pee stain got on the ceiling. My puppy listens twice as good as my ex-husband and only climbs into the lap of half as many of my friends.

He chewed up my Bible and pooped in my good chair, but I'm happy for the first time in years. Looks like a rat, barks like a demon, but he saved my life. I named him Earl.

He follows me everywhere and farts in his sleep, just like my first husband. Puppermin. For when your therapist says, maybe you should get a dog.

So good. So fun. It did, by the end of it, it definitely felt like an SNL sketch.

Well, I think what was so brilliant about it also is in the beginning, you're watching it and you're like, I've seen this commercial before. And then there was like an emotional rollercoaster of like, wait, is this a joke? Is this AI?

What's happening here? Yeah. Yeah.

And that's, and that's obviously like why part of why it went viral is because, you know, and this is what we'll talk about today. It's not just like how to make things like go viral from a technical, like how to build videos, but it's actually like, why do people engage with content? And that's why I wanted to have you on the pod because I don't care that there's all this great technology to make really cool videos because if no one's seeing the videos, why does it matter?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Exactly. I mean, we're about to like content already is, you know, abundant. We're in a deluge of just an insane amount of content on a daily basis.

But now with generative AI, it's, it's honestly just going to get 10 X, a hundred X more. And so I think like, it's not just about your ability to technically make something that's about your ability to understand why people would want to watch the whole thing, share it with their friends. And that's that, that skill in some way is more important to talk about today.

And then obviously like the business monetizing, because if you're not doing this for money, like sure, it's a fun hobby, but I actually think there's a lot of great businesses to build. So excited to dig into that with you more today. So what is step one?

Do you start with the script? I mean, is that where you start? Yeah.

I think, I think at the end of the day, like there's, there's gotta be some idea that hooks you on like why you think this is, you know, unique. Like I just saw this really funny viral video yesterday by a guy named Metapuppet. And it was like, studies show that, you know, microplastics can be like, you know, kind of affect even your sperm.

Like it affects your baby. And it's this guy drinking a water bottle. And then like nine months later, he births this like plastic humanoid baby.

And then it goes throughout and it's like this crazy life cycle of this, like half human, half plastic bottle. And there's all these like funny little things that are popping off right now. So I think you need to have some sort of kernel of an idea hook that's like, Oh, this is unexpected.

So how this was for the pharmaceutical ad was I had a friend reach out and say, Hey, you know, like I want to make a pharmaceutical commercial. Like how much would it cost you? Like, what can, so I was like, okay, I'll do an experiment with it and see what VO3 can do it.

And then I was just like bored halfway through making it. Um, and I was like, this is just, okay, I'll do this. But then like, it's a race to the bottom.

There's nothing unique about this. Like, I think all production companies are going to be commoditized at some level if they're just making like what I would call cinematic blase garbage, you know, just like, it looks good, but there's no, there's no real like soul to it. And so I was like, you know, what if I just like left went left field halfway through?

And so the first kind of departure was, uh, I thought, what if it's like a placebo pill that they sent you? And then they just actually ship you like a dog three days later. And then I was like, okay, okay.

So I start running in that direction. And then I sent it to another friend and he was like, no, no, it should, they should be, this should be like a, it secretes ferrimones. Like, this is like real scientific breakthrough that like, that attracts puppies.

Where do the puppies come from? We have no idea. So then I was like, okay, so it started a role.

And, and so maybe we can share a little bit of like the ideation process through this, um, might as well just roll into like how we made it. So I'm going to screen share. All right.

So when I, when I ideate with chat GPT, I, you know, I like to just give it like very generalized instructions to begin with. And then, um, you know, just like, let it give me something super cliche and then I'm going to tear it apart. So like the prop starts with like, give me four scripts for a standard pharmaceutical commercial for the presentation for a fake medication that solves depression by taking a pill.

That's a play on words that includes pup in the name. And it sounds like a real medication. So the commercial follows same format or structure of a 20 or so second prescription commercial starts off like it's people battling depression for the first 10 seconds, few different speakers, nothing worked.

And then they tried the pup name. It's a pill you take in a three to five business days, a puppy gets delivered to your house. It's a, it completely solved their depression.

Maybe the ending bit is try like a jet ski thing. I actually didn't end up using this. Um, commercials kind of an SNL style.

So this here took satirical take on a standard drug commercial. And I like it, give me four, uh, prompt versions. And then I kind of take the best lines and use that as like a, a start, a starting point.

Um, so of course it like, you know, starts with like a question on, so just question. Yeah. So here you have a pretty good idea of what you want because you're, I mean, you, you've been around this for a long period of time.

If you've, if you don't have the, the kernel, which, you know, you have here, is it reasonable to ask chat GPT for, Hey, I'm trying to create a pharmaceutical ad. I don't know, you know, how to create something that's viral. I'm inspired by SNL.

Give me some ideas. Like how would you recommend people do it? Yeah, that's a great idea.

Okay. So like I came up with the viral twist, but you're, you're totally right. You could probably have chat GPT come up with them.

In fact, I would say it would pitch you some crazy ideas. So like, maybe that's kind of the viral formula for, for, for beginners, if you will, is basically like, okay, I know I can explore this type of commercial. I, but I want to have some sort of twist.

Can you give me five different twists on a pharmaceutical commercial that could be really funny if it's, you know, like, let's just say it's SNL style. So then it would give you like five twists. And then if that's not, doesn't work, I'd be like, okay, I mean, heck we can do it now.

Um, give, I want to do a pharma commercial, but have some sort of satirical SNL style twist on it that makes it funny and could be viral. Give me 10 ideas. Yeah.

Cause I'm curious how your brain is going to edit these. Hey, are you kidding? It like, it's gotta be from our conversation history.

That's actually hilarious. There is now it's just in such an embedded in the cultural ethos. Um, okay.

For the audio listeners, it said Pupperman. Yeah. Yeah.

Like an instantly says Pupperman. So then it's got, uh, okay. No more calls for people whose parents call them too much.

Um, the drug numbs, the emotional guilt response. That's actually pretty insane. Invisit RX for people who want to ghost without the guilt, uh, tired of making plans and rejected them.

Okay. Interesting. Uh, uh, for when he can't, that should be made in Ireland.

Irish goodbye. Oh yeah. That'd be really funny.

Uh, easy text, uh, help you stop texting your ex for dads yelling at sports. I'll tell you what was a similar pharmaceutical, uh, take. I saw it was by, uh, the Tim and Eric show and Jeff Goldblum was the host of it.

And he was, it was basically like, uh, it was like, you want to fast forward time. This pill will knock you out until like, so open your calendar app and then select what day you want to fast forward to. And it's like, great, just take the pill.

And then it will fast forward to that. And then he like wakes up in a catatonic state, like four weeks later. And he's like, done it's presto.

And it has all these terrible side effects of like, you know, cardiac arrest, like not waking up all this fun, but it's, it's kind of then in the execution to make it really good. But anyway, I think there's a lot of like great material here. And then I would just kind of prompt and go until you find like the kernel of the idea that you really like.

Cool. Yeah. So I think for one takeaway for people is, uh, just like people like SNL and Tim and Eric, like they've perfected the art of satire in a lot of ways.

So if you let chat GPT know, they're going to use that as the model and that's going to be helpful. Yeah. And I would, I would, one hack I've been, uh, experimenting with is don't just use chat GPT.

Also try Claude and try Grok, uh, Grok's like unhinged mode and fun mode. And like, I usually try two to three different models of like my initial idea. And then depending on the, which one I'll just use that, I would say overall humor wise, chat GPT is pretty good, but, um, Grok sometimes gives me like insane stuff that chat GPT would so censor.

Cool. All right, let's continue. All right.

Um, so, so basically it starts to give me like boring scripts. Uh, you know, basically like, okay, when I first tried pup res, uh, a once a daily pill that triggers, uh, I hated this one. What was the next one?

I thought it gave me pup up turn. Um, anyway, it basically is like, uh, you know, I found it treats all one pill and wait. I think I'm in love again, blah, blah, blah.

I didn't like a lot of these, but some of these were, Oh no, here it is. Sorry. I tried everything for my depression, medication, journaling meds, nothing stuck.

I just felt numb, but then I tried paparosa, you know, once a day delivers a puppy within three to five days, instant serotonin. Um, it's like not that funny. So then I think, I think I start saying like, okay, give me like comedic examples.

Um, let's see where this is. Okay. So then it started to give me like funny one-off ones.

And these are like the lines that actually became the body of the commercial where it was like Pupperman transformed me and my Babe Ruth card collection. You know, the irony is like, it like tore up all his cards. He licks my toes almost as much as my late husband used to.

I found a beagle and lost custody of my recliner. He only pees on the things he loves. And so these are all like, uh, from here.

Um, you know, and then I, and then it just, I was like, all right, give me, I said, give me more, you know, give me more on that line. And so then I was like, these are amazing. Keep going.

So I just basically have it just give me a bunch of like zingers, one-liners. Um, you know, and, and some of them are really funny. Like this one was, he listens twice as good as my ex-husband and only humps half as many of my friends.

So that's actually, I use that line in there, but I couldn't get VO3 to say humps, humps my friends. So I had to say, he climbs into the lap of half as many of my friends and, uh, you know, and then I just, I keep it going. And basically I'm constantly refeeding my favorite lines in it so that it kind of like it learns and it updates.

So like, you know, I named him Earl, he farts in his sleep and follows me around everywhere. Just like my first husband, Earl, I got hair loss, high cholesterol, but it's the first time I've been happy many years. So anyway, like this, this is honestly like the perfect chat GPT thing.

Cause it's, it's, it's good. Like 95% of the jokes aren't that funny, but 5% actually are. And if you just prompted enough to say like, okay, give me 10 more.

Okay. Give me 10 more. Here's what I'm liking.

Go in this direction, make it unhinged, make it like non sequiturist. It's just going to keep, like, I would say like probably 70% of the lines in this are chat GPT, but it's not like a one shot prompt, you know, of like, okay, give me this. And it gives it out.

You got to kind of work with it back and forth. Right. I think one thing you can do, if you don't have the taste, you can kind of outsource taste and you could say, you know, let's say you like Seth Rogen, you'd say like create jokes that I think Seth Rogen would like.

That's it. Exactly. Yep.

Yep. Create jokes in the style of Seth Rogen, or like imagine you're Bill Burr doing a standup comedy routine or, you know, like, Bill Hader or something. Or McDonald or something.

That's right. Yeah. Exactly.

So yeah, I mean, definitely, definitely all of those will be really helpful in creating that. I had, I actually tried another one this last week that, or yesterday that went viral, where I basically just took jokes from the deep thoughts with Jack Handy from SNL. And then I just reconstituted those jokes into like, you know, VO3 settings.

So that's, that, that also works, but you'd have to credit, you know, this isn't my original jokes anyway. So once we've got our script kind of locked in of like all our core lines, what we then want to do is create prompts out of each dialogue line on that. So we're then going to, you know, in this case, like the first one is, you know, we know it's I tried everything for my depression, nothing worked right.

That's the first shot on here. So I'm going to take this into chat GPT. And I'm going to say basically like, you know, Hey, give me using this prompt structure.

Can you extrapolate, you know, a prompt, you know, using this prompt structure. And it, it, it kind of knows the essence of, cause you've been talking to with it this whole time. So then you paste like Sarah says blank.

And it's like, make Sarah, you know, a middle-aged woman in her fifties. And once you do this once, you can just feed it like Sarah says this, Dave says this, and it'll just kind of like create people for you. It's, it's, it's super easy.

And, and all you need is like the, the prompt structure for this. I, you can probably screenshot it right now on my screen. But I am teaching a full course on this.

It's going to be like, you know, a hundred, 200 bucks. It can be super cheap. And where I go through this like whole process, it releases in a few weeks, but basically it's like a prompt structure like this.

It's very simple though. You just basically, you know, like view three, you don't need this level of prompt structure. You basically just need to describe what's happening.

And it's, you know, you can do like the pose, the shot type, the camera type, like what's happening in the background. But at the end of the day, like it actually does not need complicated prompts. It's very simple.

Basically, you just need an overview of what's happening. And then the dialogue that that guy says. So then we, it gives us, you know, kind of shot by shot, prompt by prompt, each one in the prompt list.

So that's this, we take it from ChatGPT, and then we kind of paste it. And we just make sure that we're in VO3, which is like the, you know, highest quality model. We only do one output per prompt.

And then, you know, we hit enter, I'm not going to hit enter, because you, it's about two to $3 per shot. And what's the deal with VO3 and audio? Sometimes like it, it puts out audio and sometimes it doesn't, sometimes the audio is whack.

Like what's your whole? Yeah. Unfortunately, it is, it is a slot machine.

No matter how great you prompt and I, you know, all like the pro tips, it's still sometimes randomly, like they won't talk at all. I'm sure they're fixing that. I've been talking with the Google team.

They're like, obviously actively aware of, of that problem where there's no audio. And then they're also aware of the subtitle issue. I have found that if you don't include quotes, so actually I should, I'd learn this later, but don't include quotes, and then it will be less likely to generate like a weird gibberish subtitles underneath.

So that's, that's pretty much it. And then basically I will go back between ChatGPT, my original script, and then I will just go shot for shot, like with each one on here, and then just run it one at a time. The reason I like to run it one at a time is because it's so expensive.

So I'll kind of get feedback like, you know, is this working? I don't think you can hear the audio, but in this case, like she's actually not talking. So I just had to run that again.

And this one, this was a little weird because he, like the UPS guy is delivering a puppy through a house into, you know, so it's like, it's, you know, then I have to like take this prompt and like copy and paste it in a ChatGPT and say, like, okay, he's actually entering through the door. Can you redo this prompt so that he's entering in the house? And then, you know, you just kind of go back and forth.

So use ChatGPT always, or your favorite LLM of choice to do the heavy lifting. And then, and then you, you copy and paste the prompts into here. This is, this is what I found.

Also, it's worth noting that like, this is all text to video. There is technically like images to video that they have or ingredients, but these do not work that well yet. They're just not, they're just not that good.

So, so what that also means though, is that there's no character consistency. So that's something that will be solved. Like eventually, you know, they're going to have like, you can just upload a bunch of photos and then you can make them talk and you can make them walk, but that is not unfortunately where it's at now.

So just kind of optimize for like, you're never going to see the same character twice on the screen. If you want to have a similar looking character, you can do that. You basically just have to describe them in detail the same way every time and just try and, you know, hope they look similar, which it mostly does.

Like, you know, an old guy with short gray hair, you know, like a UPS guy, you know, white guy in his thirties with a mustache and a beard and like strong chin with muscular arms, like get super detailed. And of course, as always like have chat GPT, like do those details for you. Okay.

So you pump this all out. First of all, how much, how much do you think this cost you? Uh, it was about 500 bucks and that, that I knew was like the viral kind of formula at the same time as basically like, so like I did used to work, uh, on pharmaceutical commercials as a commercial director, the shoots would range anywhere from like a hundred K to a million.

Um, so I just split the difference and I was like, okay, I used to make, you know, $500,000 pharmaceutical commercials. I now make, you know, this took me like $500 worth of credits. So that's kind of, you know, what I knew would be the viral hook.

And then, you know, just went through iterative with shot after shot. I'm going to, I'm going to show you the, uh, the timeline here now. So this ended up being, uh, I want to say like one, this was like 10 or 12 shots.

Um, it turns down a bit. You, you won't be able to hear this, but basically, you know, it just kind of goes shot by shot. And I, and I really wanted to make sure it kind of felt normal.

So another thing you can do is like prompt camera movements in here. I think that's like the shots that like feel the most like non AI are probably the ones with like the coolest camera movement. So for instance, like this one was like amazing.

And I prompted this like camera push in or dolly in, and then it's like zooming in, but I'm also prompting or chat GPT is prompting her emotion. So in this, it's like describing it as like, she coyly like quips her response aware that she's making a joke about her husband's infidelity. And like, it comes through with that.

It's pretty crazy. Um, you know, this one's more of a static shot of like old man in chair. Um, you know, and this one, I prompted it to like, at the end of the clip, she glances up and there's a pee stain on her kitchen ceiling.

So you really can get really granular, like with the details on this, not all of them are that complicated. And so you're in final cut pro now, like, why did you decide to put this in final cut pro and you know, is this the only option or there are other products that people should use? No, no, no.

Honestly, cap cut is probably just as good, um, for this kind of thing. I'm just kind of used to final cut pro and yeah, like people use, uh, DaVinci is another one that's like, if you want to go beyond cap cut, but you still don't want to pay anything, there's something called DaVinci resolve. And that's also a free, like very, very, uh, top tier one.

And as you can see here, I generated, I don't know, maybe like 30 clips or so to get like 10 good ones. So it was like a three to one ratio maybe of like best generations. Actually, I didn't download all the ones that were bad.

It was like a five to one ratio. And you can see like, you know, this is another version here of like the Miami housewife. And this is like multiple variations of the guy in the chair.

Right. Totally. Okay.

So you stitch it together and you know, where are you getting the audio from using like 11 labs or how did the audio end up? Well, no, that's, that's, what's pretty incredible about VO3 is that it, it, it generates the audio for you. Okay, great.

So you just, it ended up generating the video and audio. That's right. That's right.

You know? And so you basically just say your cinematic shot, and then you say, grandma, Nora says, I named a Merle follows me everywhere, blah, blah, blah. And then it just, it spits out.

Now, of course the problem is like one, it sounds really thin. Like they don't have like a deep EQ spectrum on the voices. That's okay.

There's also obviously no voice consistency. You know? So like, like, like I was saying before, like if you don't quite like grandma's performance, like you just have to hit enter again, maybe make some tweaks and she's going to show up in a different thing, but obviously like this grandma, she looks pretty similar to this grandma.

And so you can get, you know, clearly you can get some, some pretty good consistency. Like, you know, her like broach or whatever this is, is a little different and like the puppy's a little different, but anyway, you kind of get the gist, right? Yeah, totally.

And so then you finished it up and you posted it on X, like that was it? Yeah. I, for me, it's, it's like it's, this took me probably like half, like half a day today, probably like six to 12 hours or so to do all this.

I, but I'm not thinking like when I'm getting coffee and like going for a walk with my dog and stuff to kind of like break up the monotony, I'm always thinking of like, what's my, how to like, so at least on X, you don't have to hook them to watch a video. Like it's very difficult. You actually have to hook them with just the headline.

Like your headline has like 0.2 seconds to get them to watch what your content is. And then your content has like point or that is like two to three seconds to get them to stay for the whole video. So like the first part of the funnel is like, what's something that's provocative with this headline that gets them to like engage with a few seconds of my content.

So for me, it's always like, and so, but like, so Mr. Beast, you know, like he always talks about like the, the title of the video is more important than the thumbnail and the thumbnail is more important than the actual content of the video. Because if he can't get you to like hook you on the title, he's not going to get you to really engage with the thumbnail.

And if he doesn't hook you on the thumbnail, he's not going to get you to watch the full video. So I would, I would almost say it's kind of just as important as the video you're creating is, is, is this, do you have a hook for this? So for instance, like for this, you know, it was, I used to shoot 500 K pharmaceutical commercials.

I made this for $500 and VO three credits in less than a day. What's the argument for spending 500 K now steal my prompt below. That's right.

Can I break down why that's so good? Yeah, please do. I'd like to hear your perspective.

Cause obviously you're the, you're the clickbait master as well on X. So the hook is I used to, I used to shoot 500 K pharmaceutical commercials. That's kind of like a low key flex.

Cause it's like, all right, this guy's like legit. And then it's like, whoa, I, I was able to do this for $500 with VO three, which is like a bit of trending, dragging, dragging trend, jacking, like their, you know, VO three trend plus like it only costs $500. Also the 500 K to $500, like that symmetry, um, looks really good.

Questions work really well on X because it generates replies and then that just feeds the algo. And then steal my prompt is just like, here's, you know, check out this value and it makes people want to click in. And when people click in that also tells the algorithm that this is good content and then you have like the visual of, you know, and then you crushed it on the video.

So obviously like, you know, yeah. Yeah. Let's, let's actually look real quick on some of my other viral posts.

Um, because I feel like it, it'll show a trend of like how I'm kind of getting things to go viral on X. It's a little different on other platforms, but you know, AI video quality, just 10 X overnight. I'm speechless.

Cling 2.0 just dropped and I've already burned through $1,200 in credits, testing its limits. I've never seen motion this fluid or this accurate. Here's how I made this video step-by-step.

And of course I have like the prompt thread after there. Um, this one was crazy. This was the Lord of the Rings Studio Ghibli thing.

What if Studio Ghibli directed Lord of the Rings? I spent 250 in cling credits and nine hours editing the fellowship trailer. And I'll show you exactly how I did it.

And then this one, I took this one down. This one got 22 million views, but it was a similar, like, you know, basically like every, you know, cinema just changed today. Cling 2.0 allows us to like, the, here's my step-by-step process.

So like, I think that's kind of the, or at least what I found is like, you need some sort of provocative statement. Here's what I hate. I don't think anyone should use like, this is crazy.

Hollywood is cooked. Oh my God. What the fuck?

You know, like, ah, yes, it works. That's the problem of why everyone does it. And, and, and I would say you actually should do that, but not with those specific words.

You need to find like your own kind of words. So for instance, I just made another one and it was like, what the fuck did I just make like this? Or this is my most unhinged video I've made, you know?

And then it's like, I gave it one of the dialogues, AI comedies are about to 10 X of use a network TV. Anyway, if you, if people just scroll kind of on my different posts, I kind of have a good, oh, this was actually another one. This wasn't my video, but I said, I've been a professional filmmaker for 15 years and it's getting very difficult to tell if this is fake.

In what world is not all AI generated media in two years? SIMON HUGHES- Similar. I mean, you have a similar kind of format and I think it's look at how other people like you are doing the format and then just apply the video thing.

I mean, it's insane. Like you're literally generating millions and millions and millions of views on content that you're creating. Like how powerful is that?

PJ, I want to end with, um, okay. So you've outlined this, you know, format, which is basically start with chat GPT to create your script, throw that into Google docs from Google docs. Um, go back to chat deep, uh, GPT to get the prompts for VO3 and then put, you know, take the VO3, put it into, you know, final cut pro or cap cut, and then do this, you know, sort of click baity slash hook.

We'll call it a hook, create a hook and post it on X. And then you can bring it to other platforms like YouTube and stuff. But, um, you've, you've, you've revealed all that.

Um, what does this mean for someone listening to this? Meaning, okay, I want to create a business around this. I see the opportunity, like where do people go from here?

SIMON HUGHES- Yeah, that that's a great question and something I think a lot about. One is cause I'm, I'm still figuring this out too. So I'm, you know, I'm going to give you like 10 confident answers of the easiest ways, 10, you know, 10 ways you can start making money tomorrow using VO3.

Like I'm probably going to make that listicle or whatever. So like, yeah, I mean, here's my list of like 10 ways you can monetize VO3 and content. Um, so for number one is obviously just use VO3 to build a brand for yourself.

This, this first one is more of like, just use this to get into the ecosystem of creating content that, that in a general sense, like is content you're proud of and can lead to downstream work. So then let's talk about sub niches under that. So you can attract, direct, you know, kind of clients that want similar commercials.

So for instance, like I probably could make a less viral version of this video and it's just an actual like boring client, uh, pharmaceutical commercial. And then I could just like direct to consumer, like hit up all the different, uh, whether it's agencies or media buyers or like pharmaceutical companies directly. This is a bad example.

Cause I, I don't think people should be making per se AI pharmaceutical commercials. Although I'll tell you this, like they're all scripted bullshit regardless. Like the people who are like, well, it's not authentic testimonials.

It never was authentic testimonials. Like those people are making like 2,500 bucks per day to just say whatever the producers tell them. So I do not have any moral qualms about this.

Um, I, so anyway, you could do that. You basically could just create a brand, whether it's pharmaceutical commercials or whether it's like, uh, I think food products are really smart. You could just go to different like beer companies and create like crazy cinematics for that.

Like there's so many people on X that are like posting their exact prompts for like crazy food orbit shots. You could, you can make that. And then you could just pitch it to like different restaurants, different kinds of like, uh, you know, feast the bowls like CPG brands.

Like they all want crazy content involving kind of their product. You could do it with underwear brands. And so I would say like, you know, there's, there's a lot of ways, a lot of brands that would love unhinged special effects kind of, uh, shots that you can do with AI that all these agencies are like, they could never do for those budgets.

And then you can charge probably anywhere from like five grand in the low end. I don't recommend people do content for less than five grand. Cause even though this is stuff is easy, it's still your skill as a filmmaker is worth the time.

So like, even I can make a bombastic statement, like this cost me $500 in credits, but like, it's the whole Picasso, uh, metaphor of like, you know, he like draws on a napkin in 30 seconds. They're like, why are you going to charge me like 40 grand for it? It took you 30 seconds.

He's like, no, it took me like 30 years to understand how to do this and, you know, take it or leave it. And I, I kind of do think you have to have a little bit of that arrogance in, in an age of like compression going to near zero with like, uh, you know, the commodification of like filmmakers and production companies. So that's why I do harp overall.

I'm like, you've got some weirdness about you lean into your own interests and weirdness and niche, and then figure out how to like work with brands who are the, at the end of the day, the ones who have money to spend, um, to kind of productize your unique point of view into commercials that you find entertaining, you know, brand work that you find entertaining. Cause if you do, I think other people will as well. It's just, and then it's like all about finding those niches.

Um, so point number three, build a portfolio, um, and let agencies work with you. So this can either be super general where it's like mine, where it's like a bunch of different types of, you know, um, commercials. But I'd say if you're, you're more starting out as a filmmaker, like I said, it's like really keep it niche to what interests you.

Like say you really like knife commercials. It's like, great go target, you know, like knife companies and do the, like try and I I'd also say this, like if people are like, not sure of how to tell great commercials, you know, Steve jobs said it best, great artists copy or good artists, copy great artists steal, like shot for shot, at least in your own internal, like when you're making a first couple of commercials to like build out your portfolio, I don't care. This is very controversial, but I would say like, just rip these shots shot for shot, like upload a screenshot to chappy GPT of like the first frame of the commercial and say, break this down into a prompt and then type that prompt in a VO three.

And then like, boom, you get your first shot, but don't do it for another knife commercial. Then do it for like a boot commercial or something like that, something adjacent to where it's not like a direct rip off. It's just kind of like the spirit of this.

So it gets you the pacing and the flow. And then, you know, like, I really think when you work with templates of award-winning commercials and you tweak them and you adjust them and you make them unique on your own, that's how you can like instantly level up your skills as like a filmmaker editor is when you're kind of copying the greats. And then, and then over time you find your voice, like, like I don't anymore have to direct, do copies, but I totally, when I started my career, like I was like, okay, I'm going to take this award-winning commercial and I'm just going to reapply it to this new product.

I'm not reinventing the wheel. I'm just taking, you know, I'm using the coloring and the lines kind of thing. Point number four, create a narrative series and do brand integrations in universe.

Okay. So this is one of my favorite creators. I'm going to, I'm going to pull him up on screen real quick.

His name is Neural Viz. One second. I thought you were going to say his name is PJ.

One of my favorite creators. His name is PJ. Can you, can you see this?

Yeah. Okay. So Neural Viz is a friend of mine.

He, I mean, six months ago, he had like no, no views on his content. Like, and, and with him then he's grown in just a few months to like 800K subscribers. Some of his videos have like, you know, 18 million views and he's got the craziest stuff.

So it's like a weird alien, which, and he'll do like parodies on our shows. So for instance, this is like house hunters, but in this weird alien universe. Pretty.

It's one bedroom, nine bathrooms, 20,000 square feet. It's walkable and runnable to deedle. It's got two infection rooms and a heated freezer on site.

They don't list the price because none of us can afford it. Let's check it out. So immediately when you walk in, they'd gone with fancy tire store.

This is incredibly. It's just like the weirdest show ever. I absolutely love it.

And then they do like street interviews as well. What's your go-to move in the bedroom? Sneezing.

Hello? Okay. That's the first.

I get on my knees to sneeze. If you know what I mean? Very, very, very, very weird.

And so he's built out this entire, he's called it the moniverse. Cause it's like this whole, like a thousand years from now, everyone's wondering like, were humans real? And it's kind of this whole, like, you know, they're doing investigations in it.

Like if you just go through the channel, it's, it's, it's fascinating, but I, I think like what, how he's going to be able to make money. So he makes money right now in merch sales. He's got a Patreon, but actually like, if you really wanted to monetize the crap out of this, he could just do product integrations where these aliens find, you know, artifacts from our time.

And it's like, just, you know, like Tabasco sauce, like work with Tabasco, say, look, Hey, I get, you know, whatever, like 18 million views on my video. What's it worth to you to have the aliens, like, you know, find a Tabasco sauce and worship this or some sort of like brand integration around that. Obviously I, I wouldn't tell audience members, like it's easy or quick to kind of build an entire universe like this, but it absolutely, like, if you really don't want to do commercials directly, you want to tell narrative stories, you can absolutely integrate those, uh, product placements into your stories and then, you know, just do it on your terms, make it still funny, make it still brand friendly.

And then you can monetize that. Another reason why this works is he's taking a popular social format, i.e. man on the street videos, or the Zillow videos, or he kind of has like a mock Joe Rogan set.

And then he's doing it with a twist, i.e. alien. So that's another way to do it is like, find what, when, you know, always be on the lookout for a social format.

That's really starting to take off and then think, how can I do a twist to this? And then, yeah, I agree. Like the aliens wearing a Rolex, sell it to Rolex or whoever.

Exactly. Exactly. Exactly.

Um, okay. So fifth way to monetize, obviously sell courses. I don't like recommending this because it's like, how do you monetize being a marketer?

Well, you sell courses as a marketer to other marketers like, okay, so like it's, it's just an MLM. Like what, what are we doing here? So anyway, yes, obviously you can, you can sell courses.

Info products is really what it is. So, you know, it could be a course or it could be like a PDF or digital product that you're bundling up and then you're selling. That's right.

That's right. And number six, do consulting with larger companies. So there is a few friends that I have in the space that these guys make like six figures, uh, meaning with, uh, fortune 500 companies and other companies just saying like, okay, we figured out how to not just be like, uh, create great content with generative AI, but we've also figured out how do we keep it within your legal compliance constraints?

So like, they know exactly the models that are kind of give you indemnification for, you know, like your, you know, company, uh, security procedures also, you know, just in general, like how do we work with your company to integrate generative AI? Lots of lucrative things. You, I think, you know, it's, it's, it's a whole skill, separate skillset to be like a successful consultant, but it's definitely a way that you can learn the skills and then just start hitting up these companies to say, Hey, let me do a $1,500 training and et cetera, et cetera.

And if you're interested in like pricing on that, um, it's pricing, the pricing tip is like the scale of the company you charge more. That's it. It's the same content.

If you're doing it for a small company, you charge a little bit. If you're doing it for a big company, you charge more. Um, okay.

Number seven, build a sketch comedy channel. So this is not something that's easy to monetize, but I do think that that's the opportunity that, you know, you have right now is like doing a key and peel style, uh, sketch comedy show. Um, the only problem is like, it's a bit harder to do brand integrations, but tick tock actually shows that this is possible if you can get a big enough, uh, audience.

So I don't know if you've seen like bang energy drinks. I see these all the time and it's annoying as heck, but like basically at all points in the, uh, comedy bits, they have like a product integration and you know, it works. Uh, eight, do narrative films.

So obviously like I have a 25 minute, uh, TV show, uh, that's coming out on the story of Jonah. Um, you know, you can do a narrative film for like long form content. I'm actually not that bullish on long form content with generative AI, because I think the space iterates too fast.

And like the first bit of your film can look good. And then the last bit of your film can look bad. So I typically don't recommend trying to do the old Hollywood model with generative AI, especially if it's like 90 minutes of content, like don't chase that.

I think creating like episodic, weekly content is by far what's like the new economy, the new creator economy, like people's consumption habits these days is like 80 to 90%, like just social episodic UGC content. It's not, you know, sure. We still watch shows, but like, there's only, I don't know.

It's just like, you can compete in a huge market, which is like really easy to make weekly content. You don't need big budgets, or you can like try and, you know, do the old Hollywood route of raising, even with generative AI, it's still like hundreds of thousands of dollars to create like a feature film or something like that. Like, it's not easy.

Trust me, we've explored it a lot. I'm not convinced that like long form narrative content is the best way to apply generative AI, but weekly content's far better. Also pitching brands on narrative content would be number nine, which is basically you could just say, you know, like we'll do this, you know, kind of alien style universe, like it, but with your brand, we'll make funny content, but like all like it, like before all the relics and artifacts are just in your brand.

We'll do a whole, you know, 10 episode narrative series. It's like two minutes of pop and, you know, charge you 10, 20 grand on this. And then lastly, like it's, it's more niche, but like picking a small sub niche, like for instance, like we're doing the story of Jonah, which is like a Bible content.

Look, it's like open sourced IP, if you will, like the Bible, it's got like 2 billion daily active users, you know, like engaging in the content and you can make any story you want in there. So I actually think it's a really, really great because the supply is low of content that's like Bible films and the demand is super huge. Obviously you can find other niches like this, but this is a really great example.

Like I've seen so much like millions of views for just like faith based content and the, and everyone like eats it up. Even six months ago, when the quality was bad, they're still like, oh, this is amazing. So there's also a lot of monetization there working with studios to make like faith films and stuff like that.

This guy's the limit. These are just 10 that came off the top of my head. At the end of the day, I think the biggest advice is basically just like do what fascinates you create, copy the frameworks of what's really successful and apply them in a unique new niche.

That's similar to you. Follow the instructions that we kind of outlined here on a technical basis. And then of course, you know, follow my ex and subscribe to my newsletter.

I do constant updates, tutorials. I've got a course coming out in a few weeks and, you know, just here to help. So always open to people reaching out to me and asking questions and such.

Yeah. I would say my two favorite, my two favorite ones are using VO3 for your personal brand. So like an audience is worth a lot of money.

And if you have a niche and you have an idea of where you want to take your personal brand, like what sort of short stories could you tell using these tools to get a lot of followers in a short amount of time that trust you? So that's one. And then two, like this opens the door to a huge, number two, basically creating commercials for different niches.

This opens the door to so many different like vertical niches that wouldn't have this level of cinematography and couldn't afford a $500,000 agency for a commercial. So like finding a underserved niche, I don't know if it's like nursing. I've got one for you.

It's a, it's book talk, romanticity talk slash, you know, kind of a fan or yeah, romanticity, basically like reaching out to authors and doing book promos for them, doing scenes from their book. Huge, huge, just because of how like viral some of these romantic series are. They did pay serious money for you to create, you know, more marketing materials for their books.

There you go. So, I mean, PJ, we'll include your social links where people can follow you in the show notes. This definitely got my creative juices flowing and appreciate you coming on and sharing some sauce.

Yeah, no worries. Hope to be, be back in the future with more amazing tips. Just great, great listening to you for the last couple of years and honored that you finally had me on the show.

Thanks, Greg. Of course. Thanks, BJ.