Podcasting is a very terrible platform to launch if you have no audience. I was fortunate that I didn't really have a big audience myself, but I'd spent a long enough time around a handful of people that had big audiences that had gotten to know me for the very thing I was starting a podcast for. You always have one of those friends who, you know, you have a favor and it's like you hold on to it forever.

And then finally you're like, I'm launching a podcast. Can you help? And then just like tell your audience about this thing.

I cashed all the favors in when I launched the podcast. Dude, you're a pro now, I feel like, right? What defines pro?

I mean, you're podcaster for, podcaster creator for a living, right? Yes. My wife quit her job and she is now joining the company.

So it is now both of us are doing this full time, which is bananas. It's really bananas because you probably don't remember the first time we met, but I do. If I had to guess.

Yeah, guess. For some reason, I'm envisioning a room. Maybe it's just the Canada thing with Aaron Burry in the room.

I mean, that's possible. I know Aaron Burry. Like many, many moons ago.

And I'm like, was that room in Ireland or was it at South by or was it just in San Francisco? You're not wrong. Okay.

It was in Europe. It was in 2011. Le Web, Paris.

Ah, okay. I remember going to Paris. Let's see.

Hold on. I actually don't have a good memory, but when a photo comes up, I always zap back into that reality. And I remember being in a warehouse party with you.

Me, you, Chris Barrett, if you know who that is. He's a PR guy. Okay.

And you were talking, I think you might have recently sold your company to Google. Is that possible? Was that around then?

Yeah, I think it was 2012, but 2011. It could have been. I think we were, maybe we were, we hadn't started, but we knew it was happening.

Anyway, as far as I'm concerned, I'm this like, you know, it's in my head, at least, I'm like country Canadian and I meet this like, you know, fast moving Silicon Valley guy who's knows everyone and who's building all this stuff and who's just, you know, really charming and just like knows, you know, knows where everything is going. And I was like, I need to be in San Francisco. What am I doing?

And in my mind now, fast forward to 2023, you've abandoned, like you were at the pinnacle of Silicon Valley, building startups, raising venture. And now we're, now you're doing creation stuff. How does it feel?

Yeah. Apologies if anyone's watching the video. Cause I was like, I was so into this moment that I didn't know if we were actually recording and I'm like distracted looking at iPhoto, trying to find photos of this trip to Paris.

But I was at a conference yesterday in San Francisco and it was like a VC tech startup conference. And I was like, do I even belong here anymore? Like I know everyone here yet.

It feels like it's a whole different world now. I'm like, yeah. So it feels kind of fun to be at the, I mean, I'm not at the ground floor of creator world, right?

Like people, millions, it seems like millions of creators have done this before, but for me, it feels as exciting and new as it did back in, I don't know, 2008 when I first learned that people build tech companies for a living. And I was like, I need to go do that. So I don't know.

I'm having a lot of fun learning a whole new industry. I find that most people don't treat the creator world like a business. So I meet all these podcasters that are like, oh gross.

Like I never really thought about it. Like monetization. Like I just thought you just, you know, go to a network and they put ads in.

And I didn't know there was a better, more optimal way. And so applying the principles of like high scale venture startup to a new business that hasn't really taken that is fun. That I love.

Yeah. I think there's a lot of creators who look at it just like from an art perspective. I passionate about this particular thing.

I'm going to create videos about it or podcasts. And then there's like this new wave of creators like yourself who know a little bit of the art, but also the science. And you're kind of putting it together and making money and also kind of doing some art.

Yeah. Yeah. The art thing's interesting because I think I meet a lot of creators who are much younger.

They're like, you know, 24 and they're grinding and they tell me, oh God, what's a new tactic for TikTok? And I was like, do you like making TikTok videos? And they're like, no, but like, I feel like there's such an opportunity.

And I'm like, yeah, I'm not, I'm not doing any, I'm not doing a thing just because like it makes a lot of money. I have to want to do it. Like the bar being, I don't know, almost 15 years older than these people, in some cases 20, it's like, I have to really want to do the thing.

And so it forces, it almost like forces the art. Like there are people who don't care about money and do the thing they want to do always. And then there are people who start out and they're like, I don't have any money and I really care and I'm really grinding.

And then there are people who've had enough success that they're like, look, if I, if I didn't make money, we would need to move. Like we do not have enough money to live our lifestyle for the rest of our lives. Uh, but we have enough that we can just like focus on things we love to do.

And so it's allowed me to treat it a little bit like an art in a way that 10 years ago, maybe I would have been chasing making TikTok videos, but some people I know that are making TikTok, they don't even like doing it. They're just like, they feel like that's the opportunity. I like the art piece.

So it's been what, a couple of years since you started this journey? Two years in May. So a couple of months passed, but yeah, two years.

And could you share a little bit about like the, all the hacks, uh, empire? Like, how's it going? Yeah.

So when I started, I didn't know what I wanted to do. Right. I just knew I had a full-time job.

I just knew that I love going really deep on all the things like, you know, you know me personally, but for people who are listening, don't, it's like, if someone asks a question, like, what's the best way, like, what's the best way to get auto insurance? I'm like, I either know the answer because I've already done it, or I'm like, I need to know the answer. And I'll go spend 50 hours the next week going to learn everything you can possibly learn about auto insurance.

I'll call 10 brokers. I'll get a quote from every company. I'll read the policy terms.

And then I'll come back and be like, you guys, I went back and I looked it up. Here is everything you need to know. That's just like my personality.

During the pandemic, I didn't get to share any of that with anyone. Yet I also had more time than ever to do that kind of research. And so I just felt like I needed an outlet and I didn't have the dinner parties to be like, Hey guys, did you hear about this new crazy thing?

Did you, you know, I just accumulated 4 million points doing this crazy, you know, like I just didn't have a place to share all that. And so I was like, maybe I'll try a podcast. I'd started writing blog posts and I think I wrote two.

And then I stopped. And then, you know, I've, I've been on Twitter since I got excited about tech in 2007, but I just never became like the social media person. But when I was running a startup, I went on a bunch of podcasts as a guest to talk about financial planning.

And I was like, Oh, it just felt like the most natural medium for me. So started as a podcast and I had a newsletter. Sorry.

Yeah. Sorry to interrupt. Isn't starting as a podcast, like the worst possible idea.

Like when, when people ask me like, Oh, Hey, like I really want to start a podcast. I'm always like, before you start a podcast, you need distribution. Yes.

So the, the thing about podcasting that is worse than basically almost every other platform is that there is no built-in growth mechanism. Uh, there is no built-in easy sharing mechanism. It's like, if you're reading an email and you're like, I have an idea of a friend that would want this.

You hit like F type three letters and hit, you know, command enter. We, you know, depending on what, what, uh, email provider you have. It's pretty quick on a podcast.

You have to like take your phone out of your pocket, then you have to like go back to the episode page and then go back to the show page and then hit the share button and then click like the text message button and then type your friend's email text in and text feels very invasive. And by the way, both of those are still way harder than if you just post a video on YouTube and it seeds it out to a hundred people and they love it, then it's just going to seed it to more and more and more people. And that happens on lots of social platforms.

Podcasting. It's like, there's no, there's nothing. So yes, you're right.

Podcasting is a very terrible platform. To launch if you have no audience. And I was fortunate that I didn't really have a big audience myself, but I'd spent a long enough time around a handful of people that had big audiences that had gotten to know me for the very thing I was starting a podcast for.

So when I said, Hey, you know, you, you always have one of those friends who, you know, you have a favor and it's like, you hold onto it forever. And then finally you're like, I'm launching a podcast. Can you help?

And then just like tell your audience about this thing. I cashed all the favors in when I launched the podcast. And I had a thing that I was known for in like money and financial optimization.

So I could go on a few other podcasts and say, Hey, I want to talk about this thing. And I was actually, you know, an expert on that topic. And so I think I had a little bit of an edge there.

And then I had this mailing list from, you know, a couple of different aspects of my life. I started a life updates, one, a travel one, and I kind of let everyone know on those mailing lists, Hey, I've got this new thing that gave me enough of a jumping off point that I could build an audience. But without that, you know, I meet people that are like, I have this podcast.

I'm on episode a hundred. I get about 50 downloads an episode. And it's like, you could do a hundred episodes of a podcast and still get only 50 downloads.

Like most people that produce a hundred pieces of content on any platform end up getting a bigger audience, but podcasting is so hard. So what's your, what's your advice for people who want to start a podcast, don't have distribution and don't have, you know, well-known people to, to plug their pod. Look, I don't think anyone should start a podcast if you don't enjoy a podcast because for the first year podcast made no money.

So like, yes, I might've had listeners, but like, it was still a huge amount of work and the return was doing the podcast. So I wouldn't advise anyone to start a podcast as like a business opportunity, uh, in general, unless you have an audience. So if you don't have an audience, start it because you love it.

I think even with a tiny podcast, I've met a ton of people who've been able to use it as a way to ask for a conversation with someone that otherwise they wouldn't be able to. So if you really are a curious person and like learning from people, use the podcast as a platform to have those conversations. Um, you would be amazed at how many people will say yes.

Many of them will also say no, but some of them will say yes and say, yeah, I'd love to come on your podcast. So I didn't know Morgan Housel is a writer and personal finance world. And before the podcast had launched with no listeners, I shot him a cold email and was like, Hey, I got this podcast coming out.

It's about life and money and optimization. Will you come on? He's like, yes.

You know, he didn't know that it had anything behind it. So I think that for that reason, it was great. And a lot of people can do that and not care if there's an audience.

Um, I've met plenty of people that have podcasts. Like I have so many interesting conversations. I've built an amazing network.

I don't care if there's listeners. It doesn't matter to me. So know why you're doing it.

Maybe it's just a creative outlet for you. And it doesn't matter if anyone listens. Like it just is a platform for you to have a conversation in public or, or just get stuff off your mind.

So I would say, start it not for the reason of a business, but if you do start it, there are some things that I think give you an edge. So one, find a thing that you can be known for and leverage that to go on other podcasts where you're actually an expert. And don't just send the email that I get a hundred of every week.

That's like, Hey, can I be a guest? I did a thing be like, Hey, I listened to your show. I understand what you're looking for in a guest.

And I understand the kinds of topics you talk about here. A couple of bullet points for what I think we could talk about that would make for a really great conversation. I'm happy to do some more prep work.

Um, whenever I get those emails, I'm like 50% of them convert. Whenever I get the email, that's like, I started a business, like buildings, you know, lawnmowers. And I'm like, well, that has nothing to do with my show.

Like, I don't even know why you sent this email. I don't even reply. I just archive it.

But when someone says, Hey, I've listened to 10 episodes of your show. And I know that you like talking about optimizing areas of your life. I've actually optimized this one area more than anyone.

Here's what I know. Here's some of the takeaways your listeners will get. Those convert really well.

Funny enough. I found that the bigger, the name of the guest is completely almost inverse proportional to how well my listeners liked the episode. So, uh, it doesn't matter.

I care more about the content than, you know, the name of the person on the show. Really? Cause that's really counterintuitive.

It's very counterintuitive. And I think it's very unique to my show. If I had a show that's like, let's like hear all the juicy details of the lives of my guests.

People are more interested in the juicy details of the lives of people that they've heard of, that they admire. But if mine is tell me all the tactics, I did an episode with a guy that I couldn't even find a lot of information about, about rental car hacks. People loved it.

And then I did an episode with Tony Hawk, who I admire. If you're on video, you can see, I've literally assigned skateboard of Tony Hawk in my background. Um, and it was super interesting, but I wouldn't say that episode delivered as many tactics.

Tony, I think maybe I could have figured this out in advance, but he's one of those. There are some people I could compare him to Kelly Slater. And it's like, some people are like very good at what they do and they are very intentional about how they do it.

And some people are just naturally so good at what they do. And it's not because they're intentional. They're just, you know, otherworldly.

Tony is the latter. It's like, what's your routine? He's like, I skateboard.

And like you asked, you asked Kelly Slater, what's your routine? He's like, I wake up at this time. I take this supplement.

I do this thing. And I'm like, do you take any supplements, Tony? And he's like, yeah, I got to take like cholesterol meds.

Cause like, that's what my doctor told you. Like he's not someone who does that. And that's, it works.

I mean, obviously he's like the, you know, everyone listening knows who he is. Like he's good at what he does, but I wasn't able to deliver. I was able to deliver a fun conversation.

And like, I think, I think it's a good listen, but it wasn't the episode where you're like, my life has changed after listening to this. And I'm going to do these seven things different. Or I now have, I mean, I've gotten emails where it's like, I listened to that episode and I made $14,000.

That was pretty cool. Or like my marriage is better or my business is stronger. That's what I want to deliver.

And so that honestly, people are coming to the podcast for me. They're not coming for the guest. Walk me through how this works.

So basically you, you interview someone on the pod. It, it becomes popular because people are sharing it with a lot of people. Is that what makes a popular episode?

A weird thing that I was talking about yesterday was that when you look at someone on social media or on YouTube and you're like, how big is their audience? You're drawn to this number that is usually their number of subscribers, their number of followers, something. Like podcasters, there's no public number of followers.

Okay. So the only number people share, and they don't even share it publicly that often, is how many downloads you get per episode or how many downloads you get a month. That number is completely different from the number of people who listen to the podcast or who subscribe to the podcast.

Let's say that better. So if you're going to compare the number of people who listen to a podcast to the number of people who, you know, a YouTuber, you'd look at how many videos on, or how many views on average does their video get? Which depending on the YouTuber and the type of video could be 4% or 10% of their overall subscriber base.

I think for my podcast, if I had to guess, and I don't actually know the numbers, and they vary drastically. On Apple, it's like 50% of the subscribers on Apple listen to an episode on average. And on Spotify, it's like 12%.

And those numbers are only really available for Apple, Spotify, and Google. So for all the other platforms, which is like a meaningful percentage of listens, I have no idea. My guess is I have about five times as many subscribers as I do listeners on each episode.

So an episode that does well is an episode where a higher percentage of the people that subscribe to the show listen to it. And an episode that does poorly is one where a lower percentage. But that range, by the way, on like day one downloads is anywhere from like 13,000 to 17,000 downloads on day one.

So it's not like, you know, and on average, it's like 15. So like a bad episode is like 10% worse and a good episodes like 10 or 20% more. It's not like YouTube where you're scrolling through someone's feed history and you're like, wow, this guy's got 10,000, 10,000, 10,000, 175,000, 10,000.

Like it's a very tight band. So, you know, the only other metric I have is how many people are still listening at the end of the episode. So how many people did I lose?

So if I compare, okay, how many people downloaded it is a proxy for like, is the topic or the title interesting? And how long did they make it in the episode is a proxy for like, was it a good episode? Do you spend a lot of time on titles?

Probably like 20 minutes. I think it's some combo of me, my wife, my virtual assistant and chat GPT. And like between the four of us, we're like, we're bouncing ideas off.

And then it's usually my wife and I at 9 PM taking all the data from all those sources. And then we both are like, that's it. But I don't like AB test the title to see which one's going to perform better.

Or I don't have like a data. I have a data backed opinion on a lot of things because I like using analytics. I don't know what on titles.

You look at Tim Ferriss, his titles are like four lines long. And you look at some other shows and the titles are like eight words. And you ask them why.

And they're like, yeah, I think it's just so much better. The SEO of podcasting, like almost nothing is indexed except your show title. So, you know, you could argue that really long titles will help people searching for random things in the app store.

So they're not wrong about putting that in there. Spotify will index your summary of your description of the episode. But Apple only indexes the title.

So if you want to start a podcast and you want to create a popular podcast, what recommendations do you have for people in terms of things that they can do to, you know, increase their probability of success? Honestly, I think the most important thing is to find some way to determine if you actually have like good content, because you could spend all the time in the world growing a podcast, but it's going to be people aren't going to stick around. It's going to be so much harder.

So you need to find if you have a good podcast. So first off, can you actually explain why your podcast is different to other people? Like try that, you know, try to see if you can convince people about why your podcast is different because it's late enough.

It's early enough in podcasting that there's room for more podcasts. It's late enough that you can't just like be a success because you have one. And very often I meet people and they're like, my podcast is great because I'm going to interview people and they're going to share all these awesome things.

And I'm like, okay, well, there are a lot of podcasts that do that. What's different about your podcast? Like, why is someone going to listen to it?

Do you have a different perspective? Like, do you and your, do you have a co-host and you do interviews in a different way? Are you only interviewing a specific person in a niche where there aren't a lot of people doing that content?

Like what is different about it? So you could, but you could have a different podcast and still suck at podcasting. So like, you might think I'm crazy, but I don't really look at my metrics for, for my podcast.

So I look at it every three months and I just look at downloads and, and which, which platforms, like once every three months, I'm like, okay, am I going in the right direction? I'll look at it for 10 seconds and then I'll close the tab. And I don't think you're crazy.

I'm just like, I'm not here for like, I, I think that first of all, I think I have in, in intuitively I could see, I could sense if, if the podcast is doing well, cause people are like tweeting episodes. I'm getting messages about, Hey, I saw, you know, I listened to this episode. It was really dope.

Um, and I realized when I first started the podcast, I was really, really into the metrics and I was trying to optimize everything. And it was just a lot less fun for me. Now I'm just kind of like, I'm just gonna invite interesting people.

They don't have to have the biggest audiences in the world. I'm just going to come up with a title that I think speaks to what this thing is. I'm going to post it on Twitter or on email when I think it makes sense.

And I mean, I lost like my cohost, I lost like six or eight months ago who has almost, you know, more than a million followers, 1.5 million collective followers, or maybe even more 2 million collective followers. So I saw like a drop in downloads. And I just look every three months and it's just been steadily increasing.

That's great. I'm, I'm, you know, and that's all, that's all I care about. Like, am I missing anything?

Should I be? No, I don't even care anymore about downloads for me. The only thing I care about now that this is a business, this is like how we pay our bills.

I'm like, are my sponsors renewing? That's the only metric I care about. And like, if our sponsors are not renewing, that means something's not working.

Are we not growing fast enough? Are the reads not good? Like, if you treat it like a business, do I care?

Like if I had half the downloads, but I just kept all the people that are so excited and are supporting our sponsors, that's fine. Like I'm doing the podcast not to be a celebrity, but I like doing it every week. And I like, and it takes time.

So I need it to make enough money that I don't need to go get another job because then I couldn't do it every week. Um, so I don't think you're wrong, but I think if someone listening is like, I have a podcast and I want to, you know, try to figure out whether people, what topics people like, there are ways that you could look at the analytics to try to figure out which episodes are doing better or which episodes do people listen to longer. I couldn't tell you on my own show, like which episodes people listen to longer.

Cause I haven't looked at it because it's not a huge priority for me. The way I decide what I do for episodes is like, what am I interested in? Um, and like, if I am interested in a new topic now, I'll do an episode on that.

You know, it's not as if people want more finance topics and I'm not interested in the topics they want to hear from. I'm like, I'm really sorry. That'd probably be like for a fun episode, but it's just not interesting to me right now.

And it's not going to be good content if I'm not interested. So I have no problem with you not looking at downloads at all. But if you're trying to figure out, can I get this to a place that I could quit my job?

You probably want to look at those metrics because it's going to be really important. I don't know, man. Like I hear stories about like, uh, I hear stories about Joe Rogan and Joe Rogan, basically he, he does like, he spends a lot of time, of course, thinking about the guest and a lot of focus on the guest when he's interviewing the guest.

But from what I understand, the guy is not really looking at metrics at all. He's just focusing on who's interesting to interview and then having really interesting conversations. And I wonder if that's just the, that's the best way to do it.

Like if the guy who has the most successful podcast of all time is barely looking at metrics. Well, I think it, like what I said, my caveat was if you are at your day job and you're trying to figure out if I can quit my day job to do podcasting full time, like, and you have to pay bills, like you might want to know if the podcast has any path to paying your bills. Do I think that, but, but what I really think you should focus on is do I have a good podcast?

Because, and I think the way you're going to have a good podcast is that if you love what you're doing, so the Joe Rogan strategy is absolutely what you should be doing. So I wouldn't say let the metrics dictate what you do, but let the metrics dictate whether you have a business or you have a passion project. Um, and maybe you want to quit and just go all in and hope that it works.

But at some point you can't go to sponsors unless to, to monetize your show, unless you have people that are listening to it. So you have to, at some point, look, Joe Rogan also has the luxury of having the largest podcast. So like, he doesn't care if it goes up or down by 10% because he's probably making, what was his deal?

Like a hundred million. It was like, you know, ridiculous amount of money. So yeah, if I was making that much money, I would never even look at it over.

Who cares? Like, it doesn't matter. How much, how much money do you think you can make on your podcast in as a business?

Like, no, no, no, but eventually or, uh, tomorrow. Yeah. I think when I think about the vision for what I want to build and the newsletter is an interesting thing to mention because when I first started the newsletter, I was writing, it's kind of adjacent to the podcast, but it wasn't about the same topics.

And then it all clicked for me when someone emailed me and was like, Hey, I'd really love you to do an episode on insurance. And I was like, wait, I did a newsletter on insurance two weeks ago. Like, and they were like, Oh, I don't, I don't subscribe to the newsletter.

I was like, Oh, you should. And they're like, I don't like reading newsletters. I like listening to podcasts.

And I was like, Oh my gosh, I originally thought I had all these people and I was giving them content in different forms. And then I realized some people are newsletter people and not podcast people. Some people like scrolling TikTok and don't like either of the others.

And so each platform, there are some people that like all the platforms and some people that only like one or two, but I, they're not fully overlapping circles. So I say that, uh, as a preface for, I don't view all the hacks as a podcast. I view it as a place to disseminate information and knowledge and, and all kinds of things related to upgrading your life, your money and your travel.

And ideally in ways that you don't have to spend a lot of money to do. So I also think that there are things that I want to build that are way bigger than the podcast. So my view is there are a couple of companies in the States that people join, uh, memberships of cause they want to get access to great deals, right?

People join AAA so that they can get car towing so they can get, you know, hotel and rental car discounts. People join AARP when they get old. Cause there's all these great deals and discounts, all that stuff.

There's like not a, a thing like that for our kind of gen X, Y, Z. And maybe it's like the chase Sapphire preferred or the platinum Amex, but I don't know why something like that needs to be tied to your credit card company. And I don't trust credit card companies to be the most nimble and come up with the coolest deals.

And they usually make really like tight single off partnerships. And there was a company that did this that you probably know called founders card and they did it for entrepreneurs, but there's not a consumer version. And so what my wife who's, who's joining full-time on all the hacks next month.

And I are like really excited about is how can we build this community where you could become a member and get access to amazing benefits that far outweigh the cost of the membership. I don't want like a Patreon, give me $10 a month. Cause you like me.

I want a, all the hacks membership, give me a hundred dollars a year. Cause you save a thousand dollars a year by being a member. And it's like an obvious, you know, no brainer.

I think that if, if ARP has 39 million members, we could have 40 million members. And if 40 million members are paying, you know, a hundred dollars a month, that's like a, that's a pretty big business. I think, uh, you know, so, or a hundred dollars a year.

Sorry. So what does that do? 4 billion in revenue.

I don't know. So if you're starting this community, you're going to use your newsletter podcast as distribution. I think that's the, I think that's the early, early version.

Of course. Like I don't have another distribution channel. I think once the, like right now the benefits of joining for a very specific niche, it's like, we have a couple awesome deals that outweigh the price of the membership.

But if you're not really interested in one or two of those companies, it's a support Chris or bet on the future or be a part of the community, right? We do calls with each other. We're taking a trip to Iceland.

Like we're doing some cool stuff, but it's small. The moment we have like hundreds of amazing benefits is where it's like, well, I don't know if I care about a podcast or newsletter. I just want, it's like an ROI, good ROI for anyone.

So we're not, we're not near there, but I just, I just say that when you're like, how big could this be? I was like, I don't know. Could it be doing $4 billion a year?

Like, which I'd like, it's not doing that at all. It's like, that is, you know, but it could, it could, but yeah, it's multiple, multiple orders of magnitude away. Yeah.

So I just don't view it as a podcast. I think the ceiling on podcasts, if you look at the top podcasts and let's, let's pull, you know, a handful of extreme, uh, you know, number one, number two is out. I think the ceiling is probably somewhere around 10 to $15 million a year.

Um, and I think there are going to be, you know, a hundred shows at that level. And then everything below that is probably in the, not everything, but like the next tier down is like in the, you know, one to 5 million kind of range, which is, you know, there's probably a thousand, 5,000 shows maybe doing that. I don't know.

How well does, uh, Dave Ramsey do? That is a question. I don't know the answer to, but that dude has a lot of money.

Uh, yeah. Like a lot, like, uh, Graham Stephan is a YouTuber that interviewed him and they went a little deep on his, his finance. I mean, he has a products and courses and books and his, you know, family has their own podcast and he's built this whole media empire that I don't even think it makes sense to talk about in the same realm.

Uh, well, I think it's similar in the sense of Dave Ramsey in the U S is one of the, one of the leading, if not the leading financial advice guy. Yeah. Right.

And he, he does that. Um, I think his biggest channel is the radio, I think. Um, at least he, he used to be on the radio a bunch.

And I know that he has an, like an office building. Yeah. He has a ton of real estate.

He bought so much real estate, like in cash. He like, it's like essentially a skyscraper. It's crazy.

Yeah. I just searched Dave Ramsey or Ramsey solutions revenue. And the numbers are, they range from 20 to 515.6 million.

So he's doing a lot. But, but my point there was just that I don't think it's not the pod. Like if you have a podcast and you don't aspire for it to be more than a podcast, you're not going to be at Dave Ramsey revenue numbers.

Uh, that ceiling I gave was like the ceiling for people like, look at Tim Ferriss has a podcast, has sponsors, but hasn't tried to turn it into anything else. Like it is a podcast. He has a newsletter.

He's not trying to make a company. He's not trying to have memberships. He's not trying to sell merch.

He's not, you know, he's not doing all the other stuff. And I think those kinds of businesses kind of cap out in the podcasting world with a handful of extreme outliers at, at the like, you know, 10, 15 million range. I got to think that a Tim Ferriss is making seven to $12 million a year on his podcast.

Yeah. I think his sponsor page on his website says, here's how much it costs to sponsor the podcast. So you can do the math.

Yeah. Here's the cost to sponsor. How many sponsors in each episode?

How many episodes a year? So I think it's in that range. And I think if I'm him and I'm making, call it $10 million a year with pretty little costs, like for, you know, and he gets to have interesting conversations.

He does it his way. You were on the pod and he made you not pee for three hours, you know, like. To be fair, he gave me the offer, but we were having this crazy, interesting conversation.

And then next thing you know, it's three hours. And I was like, I have to go to the bathroom. Like, I just can't do it.

I just peed myself. Yeah. I mean, I say right now how cool it'd be to be running this thing and four billion.

Along the way, I might be like, that's not the best use of my time. Like, I don't, I'm excited to not be running a company with lots of employees and lots of stuff. So, you know, I have this great vision because I just love helping people optimize their lives.

And there may be a point at which helping more and more and more people do it is not worth the payoff for me. But, you know, I spent, I was surprised to hear that, to be honest, like coming from, you know, you were at Wealthfront before pretty big company. Now, you know, raised hundreds of millions of dollars.

You used to work at Google, big company. I'm surprised that you, you would even consider a role of, hey, I want to go build like a billion dollar thing. But I don't know if that billion dollar thing, by the way, has to have tons of employees.

Maybe there's a path to it with, I don't know. I mean, we're talking something so crazy. We're just talking.

Yeah, yeah. But, you know, just a couple of friends talking. My wife was telling me the other night, she was like, it was like late and my au pair is playing a road trip.

And she was asking me about rent. And she just said she needs to rent her car. And I was like, where are you going to rent it?

You know, like I went down this rabbit hole and she was like, well, we're going to do this. And my friend from Italy, she's going on a road trip with her friend from Italy and they're both under 25. And I was like, well, there's underage rental fees, like when you're not 25.

And you got to pay extra driver fees. So we went through this whole thing. By the end of the night, she's now a member of AAA, which saved her like $250.

Now she's got this car rented. You know, I made her an authorized user on one of our cards so she could use it and get the free rental car insurance coverage and get free status on Hertz so she gets an upgrade. And at the end of the night, my wife's like, why did you spend three hours like helping her save a couple hundred bucks?

I was like, I can't help it. Like, it's like, it wasn't that I thought it was a good ROI. It's just when people email me and they're like, hey, I want to try to do this thing.

It's like almost impossible for me to not help people like find tweaks and ways to optimize their lives. And so that makes me think I will not stop. At the same time, I have two young kids and I enjoy spending time with them and I don't want to run a big company.

So who knows where the ceiling of what I do is. And there are a lot of people out there who found really different ways to run companies than the traditional Silicon Valley VC backed company of you're the CEO and you have crazy burnout. You hire all these people and life's insane.

So I don't think Founders Card, which is a company with almost 100,000 members paying hundreds of dollars a year. I think they have like a couple employees. If I had to be honest with myself, we're probably not going to get to $4 billion in revenue.

Like, let's be, you know, I can have aspirations just to keep pushing me. But, you know, if we had 100,000 members, that'd be really cool. I wonder if the prom's almost like, how can I have max 10 employees, but have revenue per employee be something crazy, $100 million per employee?

Yeah, the struggle here is the most optimal way to put money into a retirement account in the US. It's like solo 401ks are amazing, right? You can put, like, you can control all the features.

You can have a, there's this thing called the mega backdoor Roth, where you can put basically like $60,000 into your retirement accounts with tax benefits. But the rule of a solo 401k is you can have no employees. So in my mind, I'm like, how can I build a massive company with zero W-2 employees other than your spouse?

Your spouse can be a W-2 employee, but no other, no other employees. So I'm not going to decide the fate of what we're building on the tax advantage of a 401k. But it was a cool exercise in my mind, which is like what you just said, except instead of 10, it's zero.

Right. I like how you're like, yeah, I'm not going to decide the fate of my company based on this tax advantage account, but I'm not not going to do it. Yeah.

It's like, I like getting deals. Yeah. Yeah.

It would be on brand. Yeah. My, uh, right now we have a bunch of people working on different aspects.

I have someone helping with sponsors. I have a virtual assistant. I've got a production crew and they're all 1099.

Uh, so I think it's possible. I, I like this new world, you know, it's like, no, it's not, let's all go to the office and you know, it's a bit of a different vibe, but I've really enjoyed it. It's fun.

What other companies, podcasts communities do you see? And you're like, those guys are doing a cool job. Like, do you look up to any other?

I love what Peter Atiyah is doing. Um, he is a doctor and the thing he's doing, which I don't have another business to fund my life enough to do is he flipped the model on its head and he says, Hey, pay to be a member of our podcast. And I'm going to go to all these brands and I'm going to say, Hey, I'm not going to charge you to, to, for me to promote, you know, normal traditional sponsor deal is Hey brand.

I will talk about you to my audience and you will pay me a rate of X dollars per thousand people that download and that rate is somewhere between 20 and $50. So he goes to brands and says, Hey, give me an amazing deal. Funnel all the money you would want into the discounts that you're offering my members.

And then he goes out and tells members on the pod. He says, Hey, we just did this amazing partnership with, uh, you know, eight sleep and you're going to get a deal. That's so much better than the deal you're going to get.

And you hear on every other podcast because every other podcast is getting paid. That's not to say they're promoting a crappy product. I work with eight sleep.

I love eight sleep. We have one, but they are paying me as, as a sponsor. He doesn't have that sponsor relationship.

So he has amazing deals that he offers his members. Uh, I love that model. The downside is until you have a lot of members, the model doesn't work, right?

Like you lose money. Um, and so I can't make that transition now, but I see a vision like into the future where over time, maybe one of our ad slots switches to me talking about the partners, then two, then three, you know, like, and eventually we get there. So I love his model of offering extra benefit, not necessarily extra content.

Uh, I, I don't love this model where it's like, we're going to do two pods a week and one's paid and one's free. I'm like, I personally, I'm like, I want to put all the content out there for free. And I want to find ways to offer products and services and other stuff to members.

Uh, and the idea of them getting better deals is even more interesting. So I had a cool episode with David Chang, the, the chef, uh, of a restaurant in New York called Momofuku and a bunch of others. When we got connected, I found out he is, I don't know what the right word is like a part owner in a company called any day, which makes microwave cookware.

And during the pandemic, he was like, got obsessed with cooking at home and is kind of more of a home studio cook now and loves cooking in microwave. And with this company, they create a whole line of cookware and they were like, Hey, we want to give a deal to your audience. And they're like, we could do an affiliate deal.

And I was like, great. We'll do an affiliate deal for everyone. You get 15% off, but for members, you get 20% off and I don't want the affiliate.

Right. You know, like, so that's like a slow way to transition into it is like, as a member, you get a better deal than everyone else. And there are some people that are like, wait a second, add extra 5% is going to save me to cost the membership.

So I'll just join. And hopefully before the year of their membership might expire, we've launched a bunch of other things and they're like, wow, I keep saving more money. This is so cool.

I think what you're touching upon is this shift towards like member only community experiences, which I think is where things are going. It's like, how do I drive as much value as possible for this member experience? Just like benefit, benefit, benefit, benefit, benefit, benefit, benefit.

So that like 10 bucks, 20 bucks, you know, $50 a month makes it worth it. I was, I saw on Twitter today, Andrew Wilkinson, the founder of tiny capital has like a Twitter subscription and it's like, I don't know, $40 or something, 30 or $40 a month. It took a lot of money, I think for a Twitter subscription, you know, for premium content for a really busy guy who might not, you know, be tweeting in this private only area that much.

But then I started reading, you know, he's going to like pick someone random from his audience every month and have a 30 minute conversation and record the audio and post it. And there's like, just like 10 different benefits where once you're reading like benefit seven and eight, you're kind of like, all right, like swipe my credit card. And then you're funny.

Cause when you first said that, I was like, oh, I hate this idea of like all this gated content. But then I realized he's kind of just hacking the platform. He's like the platform is supposed to be sign up so that people pay for premium content.

He's like, sign up. You might get these audio conversations as premium content, but he's, he's adding more to it. And that's where I think it's interesting.

He's, and he's gamifying it too. Right. He's saying like, there's almost like a slot machine nature to it, which is you could be one of the one in 500 people this month who has that conversation with me on zoom.

And the reality is that's probably 90% of the reason why people are joining. Like they're, they're playing in the casino of Andrew Wilkinson. Basically.

I did this. So I used to work at Wealthfront and the Wealthfront cash account right now has, I think it's a 4.55% APY in the U S. But if you refer someone to the cash account, they give you a boost of half a percent up to 5.05%.

So I was like, well, I want to boost. So I was like, this is a great product. I believe in it.

I put my money in it. So I talked about it and you can only get four referrals and each referral, I think it's worth long works for three months. So I shared, I told everyone, I was like, look, you can get this boost.

Here's my referral link. And I got four and I was like, crap, I don't want anymore. I can't get anymore.

Every person that uses my link is going to just be a total, they'll get the half a percent and no, no benefit to me. So I pinged all of our members and I said, Hey, if any member has a Wealthfront account and they want a boost, go to this little air table form and put it in. And I still haven't found a site.

I can't believe Bitly doesn't do this, but I found this site nimble links. If someone knows a better one, let me know. But nimble links works for now.

And you go in and you type all these referral codes, you get to choose whether it's random or like equally distributed. So I chose the redirect evenly. And now anytime someone goes to this URL that I'll even say it here, all the hacks.com slash WF cash, wealth front cash, WF cash.

You'll just randomly get a referral link from one of our members. And so I've had our members reach out to me and be like, I'm now earning 50% more. And this is my down payment.

Let's say they're saving, you know, $200,000, uh, for a down payment for a house. They're going to earn an extra thousand dollars a year. Insane.

They paid $99 for an annual membership to all the hacks. And they're going to make a thousand dollars a year from four referrals. And so we're now, now I'm like, what are all the other brands out there that have interesting referral programs?

Credit cards are, are an interesting one. There are some cards where the referral deal is way better than the deal you get anywhere else. So let's collect all these, uh, there was a window where Amex platinum had 150,000 point referral deal.

So I went to members and I said, send me all your Amex platinum referral links in the pod. I was like, Hey, there's this awesome deal to get 150,000 Amex points with a platinum referral. Click this link.

And now it's all my members are getting all the bonus points from these things. So I'm like giving them a distribution channel to earn or get perks or get referral stuff. Like they would have no platform to do that.

I don't have those referral links. Like when I log into my Amex account, my referral for the platinum is like 50,000 points. So nobody wants to use my referral link.

Uh, and so that's like a cool thing. So I push creators to think of unique ways that are on brand with them to come up with, you know, products or services or experiences that are really, you know, tied into their stuff that they could offer to people. And I think people are thriving for that.

I'll give one more example. That's great. So I, and this is two example of two things.

One, I started my podcast. It was an interview show and it was just me interviewing people about areas of their life to optimize. And it was great.

I loved it. And then a few things happened. I was like, gosh, sometimes I couldn't find a guest that I thought could match the level of depth I've gone on something.

So when we bought a fractional home, we bought like an eighth of a vacation home from a company called Picasso. I was like, I wonder what all the different ways there are to buy a vacation home. I was like, I wanted to talk to someone who's researched timeshares, you know, vacation clubs, the inspirato pass, everything.

I couldn't find a single person that had done more research than me. And I was like, crap, I can't do this episode. And then I was like, what if I just do the episode?

No guests. Cause I've already done all the research. So I did that episode and I was like, I should do this more.

So then I started doing solo episodes and then I was going on a trip to London. And I was like, I haven't been to London since. And I have this, maybe embarrassing, but I have this memory of walking around London with a disc man with Alanis Morissette's jagged little pill.

And I thought I was so cool, uh, whatever age I was. And I was like, I don't know anything about London clearly. Cause that's, that was my last experience as a child.

So I found someone online, this woman, Jess Dante, who has a channel called love in London. And it's, she's like, she makes travel guides. You can download them.

You can buy them. She's like, makes all this content. I was like, do you want to record an episode about London?

And like everything someone needs to know about planning a trip to London. She's like, that'd be fun. So I did that.

So then I met this guy who I had on the pod talking about travel because he is like this really well-known travel blogger. He's written lots of guidebooks and we did another one on Iceland. Now I want to go to Iceland, but I didn't have a trip planned.

And at the end of that episode, I was like, God, I want to go to Iceland so bad. Like, and this guy knows he's been to every restaurant, every hotel, every, uh, guest house, every fjord head. He spent six months and saw everything.

He wrote like four lonely planets for Iceland. And at, by the end of the episode, I was like, I want to go on the trip. You just told us to all go on.

And he, and he was like, why don't we just go on it? And then we were like, what if we just invite people to go on it? So now in March, next year, we're going to Iceland.

This guy, Brandon, who knows everything about Iceland is hosting the trip. All the best guides and tour companies he's met in his, you know, years of going to Iceland, almost a decade, are going to be leading the experiences and everything. So we're going to take an all the hacks members trip to Iceland.

That like, I would never have thought of that. It kind of organically came up over time, but that's the kind of cool stuff that I want to build in a membership that is different than what I think the average Patreon is doing. What it does is it builds like those people who are going to go on those, that Iceland trip are going to be loyal to you for the, for the rest of their lives.

Yeah. Whether you're, whether you're trying to do it or not, um, you know, be it the person who's getting a thousand dollars a year for, for doing very little. Like they're, they're going to see a new, all the hacks episode and pop up and they're just going to be like, yeah, of course I'm listening to this.

That's my boy. Right? Right?

Like it's about reverse engineering. That's my boy. That's my girl, whatever.

Right? I think it's really easy to follow other creators and just like kind of copy what they're doing and be like, oh, this person's doing a subscription. I should do a subscription.

This person's doing a paid subsec. I should do a paid subsec. But it's really hard to be like, how do I just cram as much value as possible to people and just like follow your curiosity to what you think that they're going to want and just kind of test, test, get their feedback, iterate.

Yeah. Get feedback is a big thing. We did a survey and I was like, how do I make sure podcast listeners fill out a survey?

Right? It's very, it's a lot to get a podcast listener to do anything. They're like, maybe they're on a run.

So I'm like, I create this URL, all the hacks.com slash survey. And then I said, okay, here's what I'm going to do. My audience loves travel points, miles.

So I was like, I'm going to personally transfer 10,000 capital one points to anyone who takes it to someone who takes the survey. And then I also cashed in some points for two United tickets anywhere in North America, Caribbean, Hawaii. And I was like, I'm going to pick someone that fills out the survey and they're going to get two free tickets on United.

Someone else is going to get some capital one points. I reached out to some sponsors. Viore's like, we're going to give a hundred dollar gift card to someone.

Now, all of a sudden there's like tangible things you could win from taking a short survey. And I didn't ask people, what do you want me to do? I was like, what are you passionate about?

What are you excited about? Like, what do you, you know, questions to try to really get it, get at it. And that was kind of what inspired some of this.

People are like, I love traveling. I love unique experiences. And I was like, Ooh, people want to travel and get unique experiences.

Yeah. I could interview someone and talk about how they set it up. What if we just gave it to them?

And so I could see a world where, I don't know, 2025, there might be 10, all the hacks trips. I might not go on all of them, but you could be a hundred percent certain that the person leading each one of those is going to be so dialed in to create the most unique experience, get the best deal, like, and make it just a once in a lifetime trip to that place. And I think listeners gave me some of these ideas, but you've got to get that feedback.

Whether you're on Twitter, whether on email, the platform doesn't matter. But if you can find out what really gets the people in your audience going, and you can build products and services around that and not be afraid to test things out. I yesterday, so I'm a nerd.

People haven't picked that up. You're not listening. And I like credit card points.

So I made this crazy spreadsheet where I put like 50 credit cards in, what they earn in all the categories. And I put how much money I spend in every category. And as you checked the credit cards, it would go in and say, which one has the best earning for each category?

How many points will I earn? And it tells you at the end, based on the one to 15 credit cards you picked, how many points per dollar am I earning? You know, it's like, if you have the Amex gold, now your grocery is getting four points per dollar.

And I was like, talked about it. Someone was like, can you share that with me? And I was like, I don't know.

It took me a lot of time. So I put online, I created a convert kit, like product page. And I said, pay whatever you want, a dollar.

Like any, if any, I spent enough time on this that if you don't think it's worth a dollar, fine. Like, don't, don't buy it. We have like a hundred people buy us, buy like a Google sheet, you know?

Like, so, uh, and if you remember, I was like, just log in. And I put a link right here in the member dashboard. So like, by the way, I love that model, by the way, the pay what you want model.

It's the, I call it the, the radio head in rainbows model. I'm guessing that's like an album they sold for whatever you wanted to pay. It must've been in like 2004, like the peak of pirating music.

Radio head was like, go to this website, download this album for free, but download it from us. And if you like the album, how about you pay something? And they did an analysis at the end, what the average person paid.

And the average person paid like seven or $8. And when you look at that versus, you know, what they were selling the album, what they would have sold the album for, which I think was like 999. Like they actually made more money because they got more distribution, free distribution.

And they also, it didn't go through some network. Didn't go through it. So they were stoked.

I love that. Yeah. The only thing that I think is crazy is that one person I was looking through, we had all these sales, the person who paid the most paid a hundred dollars, but the membership is $99.

So I emailed them and I was like, you could have gotten this for free if you became a member. So like, let's just get you in the membership. Like, yeah, but that's such a smart, it's actually, I don't know who that was, but that's actually such a smart way to get on your radar.

Like if you want to get on some busy person's radar and they have like a pay what you want thing, pay as much as you can. Yeah. I've heard of people that did this for, maybe it was Huberman Lab or maybe it was the Founders Podcast, but they were like, we have this pro tier where you could pay anything.

And someone just like, it was like, it's $10 a month or $100 a year. And someone just paid $10,000. I think it was Huberman Lab because they fund research.

And so it was like a little bit of a nonprofit kind of angle. And it was just like, had they put a premium tier of $500, they would have never seen, you know, what it could have been. And this person was like, I'm going to pay $10,000.

That's what I wish I can do on Twitter subscriptions. On Twitter subscriptions, you have to set the amount you want to get paid. Big miss Elon Musk.

Yeah. Like big, big miss. Stripe actually has a way to do pay is what you want, but not on a recurring basis.

That's right. I mean, Stripe has a way to do it. They just don't have a UI.

Like they have these cool payment links, but they can't do pay what you want on a recurring basis. And I'm sure someone could teach me how to, I mean, literally it would be probably a very simple line of code. We just like type a number in and it generates a new thing, but I'm not there yet.

Chad Chippity could probably write it for me. I think pay what you want is, is the new add to cart because in our world and the creator world, because when you build all this goodwill with communities, you're going to get a bunch of whales. Spend a lot of money.

Yeah. The thing that I want to figure out, I don't know. No one, I haven't seen anyone.

You gave me this example with Radiohead and maybe, maybe it'll just work. So maybe I'll test this next, but what I wanted was get it for free and then pay what you want after. Because I want, it's hard when you're giving someone something that they don't know what the experience is like to get them to even know what it would be worth.

You know, like what is this spreadsheet worth to me? I don't know. So the way I did it was I made a loom video and I walked through it all and I was like, here's exactly how it works.

But what I wanted was like, it's almost like a tip at a restaurant. It's like off your card and we know you're committed to pay something. And then a day later, we say like, do you want to, you know, what do you want to pay?

Or it's like, what do you, you know, from one to five stars, what do you rate this? And like five stars is this amount of money. Four stars is this amount of money.

I like that. I've seen some that say like the average people pay this. Like on average, people pay this.

Right. But I just think there's not a good, easy way to do the payment after the fact. That's right.

It's almost like pay a dollar and then I'm going to hit you up and ask you if you want to pay more later. Because I really only want you to pay me whatever you think it's worth. You can't say pay a dollar.

It has to be, you have to remove all the friction. You have to, yeah. And you just have to trust that people.

I'll try it. Try it. I got so many different spreadsheets and notion boards that I've like researched something on.

You're sitting on a gold mine, dude. You're literally sitting on a gold mine. So we'll see.

Stay tuned for round two of all of these updates. So before we bounce, I asked you a lot of questions. Do you have one question for me?

One? One. You got one.

How? So I want to get your take on something that I'm dealing with, which is I have this podcast. There's a lot of great content.

I've decided that each time I do a podcast on a topic, I'm going to translate that to a newsletter version of it. And I feel like newsletter and podcasts I have down. And I am awful at you, like creating any value for anyone on, let's call it, just for the scope of this, since I only get one question, you know, social.

I feel like you understand that world. Like, what should I be doing? Should I just ignore it and focus on the platforms that feel natural?

Or am I totally missing out on things? I think my instinct is I hate repurposing. Like, I don't think people want to watch a clip of a podcast as much as they want to watch something that's natively made for that platform.

But at the same time, that's just like 10x the work. So am I crazy for not clipping my show and putting it on social? Am I more crazy if I pay someone to do that?

Because I always see these tweets about how profitable all, like, the same people are like, hey, use my clipping agency for $5,000 a month. It's amazing. Are the same people that are like, I love running this clipping agency that's a 90% margin business?

So on the clipping agency bit, by the way, we looked at buying some of the bigger clip agencies. And what we learned was their churn is so, so high. Okay.

And their churn is so high because people don't see results. Like, their sell is, hey, take this podcast. Like, Chris, you're already doing a podcast.

We'll just clip it up. You'll have to do no work. We're going to put some Alex Hermosi style, like, captions on it.

And, you know, you'll be at 100,000 YouTube subscribers in six months. You try it and it doesn't work. And I've been guilty of this, too.

Like, I've tried it and it doesn't work. My take on short clips is specifically with podcasts, but it extends to other areas, too, is the era of repurposing clips is basically over unless you have a crazy huge guest like a Tim Ferriss. Not worth it.

But if I were you, like, if you, you know, look at me, like, I get, I don't know, 10 to 50 million tweet impressions every single month. And it's not even that that's a lot of impressions. It is.

But the important part is I could use, I could share links. Like, I haven't checked, but I probably, I probably send 50 to 100,000 visits per month, at least, to different things that I'm trying to promote via my podcast, my email newsletter, products that I want to sell. And, like, to me, I look at your Twitter and it's, like, I can't, I honestly can't believe, given that you're, like, who you are and what you've done and that you've built social products in the past, like, that you, you, you have such a graveyard.

And you have so much content that you can, all you have to do is figure out how to put it in two lines or one line bangers or long form threads now. It literally, like, you probably, you probably, if I were you, what I would do is I would find a writing partner. Maybe it's your wife.

Maybe someone else. Just get them to ask you questions and go through a bunch of old newsletters and interviews and just try to, how can I write these ideas in one line? And just try to have, like, a thousand of them and just have a thousand one-liners.

And then what I would do is I'd probably take 20% of them or a third of them and create images specifically for those one-line bangers to explain the points better. And also because the Twitter algorithm favors images right now. But, like, infographic-y kind of images, not, like, a random stock photo.

No. Infographic-y, like, images that actually are cool and interesting to look at that also help support and explain the idea that you're trying to get across. And if you did that, like, look at, you know, people who has done that in the past.

Like, people like Jack Butcher. I don't know if you know who that is. You know, his whole thing is Visualize Value.

He has a community called Visualize Value. And he would do these black and white images daily on Twitter and Instagram or almost daily. And, like, during the pandemic went from, like, zero to 200,000 followers, like, pretty consistently.

And it was just because he took complex ideas. He boiled it down to a simple concept and used an image to explain it. And that's exactly what you can be doing with all the hacks in your personal brand.

I love it. It's funny because I know a guy named Brian Feraldi who does this in investing. And I love his content.

And I'm like, why not? I was chatting with him on Twitter today. He's awesome.

And you could easily. Yeah. Okay.

That's what you should be doing. There's a higher likelihood that that person that's excited to help with a project like this listens to your show than mine. So, if that's you, reach out to me.

Chris at ChrisHutchins.com? Chris at AllTheHacks.com. Chris at AllTheHacks.com.

Hit him up. Also, good idea on the podcast survey. If you're listening to this, just DM me on Twitter what you hate about this podcast and what you like about it.

And what would be a cool experience to do with you? What am I missing? What if someone's not on Twitter?

You've got to give them more ways to get in front of you. Maybe your audience is all on Twitter. I think my audience is like very much not on Twitter.

Or you could comment on YouTube. On YouTube, I read all the comments. Comment on this video.

So, where can people find AllTheHacks and your whole empire that you're building? AllTheHacks. Search it here.

Search it online. Go to AllTheHacks.com. Fortunately, I think the name is a double-edged sword.

People love it. It's exciting. And brands are like, I don't know if I want to be around that brand.

But for now, that's a brand. It's easy to find. Love it.

Thanks, Chris. All right. Thanks for having me.