Textod pop. Thank you. All right.

So welcome, Harry. Harry Campbell, the ride share guy. Thanks for having me on, Greg.

How are you? So I remember hearing your story 2015, 2016. I had heard that there was this guy named the ride share guy who was an Uber driver, I think, who started a blog that was getting a ton of traction.

In 2014, I was working full time as an aerospace engineer for Boeing, but I decided to start driving for Uber and Lyft on the side. And while it's not rocket science being a driver, it is tougher than it looks. As an engineer, though, I was very diligent about tracking my income and expenses and constantly experimenting with new strategies and even new opportunities in the gig economy like food delivery and scooter charging.

Along the way, I started a blog to document everything I was learning and to share my journey with other drivers. I called it the ride share guy. Lyft actually turned me on to you.

So I was building a community platform at the time and they basically were like, hey, there's this guy who's like doing stuff for Uber and like you need to like we want to compete against him. And I was like, oh, what is happening? So anyways, I heard about you, mythical status, and I wanted to bring you on the show to talk about a bit of your story and how you can.

Yeah. And what you're up to. Cool.

Well, I guess my first question to you is what took you so long to have me on if you heard about me in 2015 or 16? I guess better late than never. Right.

I mean, you know, there's the adage never meet your heroes. And yeah, I've actually in my past have kind of waited, you know, to meet people I've followed. And over the last year or two with this pod, it's given me a great excuse to just like hit people up and be like, hey, do you want to chat?

For sure. I know. I feel like there's so many cool people doing interesting things like the podcast is probably the perfect outlet or venue.

You know, like we could have a good conversation. We might as well record it so other people can hear. So as a podcast host myself of a couple of different podcasts right now, I can definitely empathize with you.

There you go. So for people who don't know about you, can you give a little background about what your, you know, I'll call it a media empire around the gig economy is? And what's the scale today?

Definitely. Yeah, no. And I appreciate that term because it is a little bit tough to describe what I do.

And I mean, really kind of what it boils down to, though, is, you know, I started driving for both Uber and Lyft all the way back in 2014 on the side, you know, just to try it out, make some money. I had a full time day job as an aerospace engineer working for Boeing. So kind of the opposite of what I do now.

But obviously, during that time period, the company started exploding, raising crazy amounts of money, hiring hundreds of thousands of drivers. And, you know, I was really just like a leech on this rocket, this rocket ship. And so the companies exploded.

And, you know, I think really because there were so many people out there and this job was new, too, right? Like people had driven taxi, people had driven cars. But driving for hire in this kind of fashion was so new.

There was just so much interest and excitement around it. And so I kind of latched on to that. I started my blog.

I started doing three or four articles a week myself. And, you know, I started a YouTube channel. I started a podcast, the Rideshare Guy podcast, which I still run to this day.

So it's sort of a weekly podcast, a little bit more focused on ride share and gig delivery industry topics these days. And kind of like I started off as like nitty gritty. I went out and drove Friday, Saturday, Sunday night.

Here's how much I made. You know, this person puked in my car. Here's how to avoid a puker, you know.

And I will say there is like no shortage of topic of content and topics that you can kind of cover. You would think like how hard is it to be a driver? But really, it is kind of a lot harder than it looks.

And it's not rocket science. But I think I kind of just took advantage of the fact that there are so many people doing it. It was growing so fast and people didn't really know what they were doing.

And it's a little harder than it looks. And so over the years, I've built out a team of contributors. We're on probably every box on the internet.

You know, we've got the blog podcast. We've got a couple different podcasts. YouTube is probably our fastest growing platform right now.

We have just got our monthly reports. I think we have about 150,000, 160,000 subscribers, which is, you know, not huge, but a pretty good size. You can make a full-time living off of that.

We do around a million views a month on YouTube, 75,000 email subscribers. So, you know, it's basically to say we've got a pretty good reach across all our different platforms. You know, we kind of, we've got the TikTok, Instagram, you know, all of that.

We've got the courses for drivers. We've got audio books, Kindle books. Kind of, I usually joke, like any box on the internet, if you type in something related to Uber, Lyft, gig economy, will probably pop up for better or worse.

So that's kind of what the business looks like today, and I'm happy to dive into that or sort of what I've kind of transitioned to focus more on, but that's kind of the high level. Right now, over the last 12 months, there's been this trend, you know, for these anonymous accounts. People are calling it the guy mafia.

Oh, yeah. They totally are. I'm totally on board with the guy mafia.

Yeah. Yeah. So what they mean by that is like the strip mall guy, the self-storage guy, the designer guy.

And, you know, you really pioneered that concept, I think. How do you, how important do you think the name, the rideshare guy was to unlocking a lot of the success in the early days? Yeah.

So I will say I totally ripped it off from one of my idols, the points guy. So I was a big, before I ever started the rideshare guy, you know, I've always been dabbling in online businesses. You know, I started three personal finance blogs.

I was doing freelance travel writing, just kind of covering topics that I was interested in. And I kind of feel like, you know, I wasn't an expert from all of those, you know, businesses or gigs that I did. But, you know, I learned a lot and kind of like got my feet wet, I guess you would say.

And so I totally loved the points guy. It was like the only travel blog I read. And, you know, so when I kind of started brainstorming ideas and names for my site, the rideshare guy kind of rose to the top of the list.

And I wouldn't say that it, you know, like when you introduced me, you said the rideshare guy. Like I walked into rooms at Lyft and Uber and they're like, oh, it's the rideshare guy. So it definitely, there's something there with the branding.

But I think that, you know, like a great brand on top of a great community or on top of a great platform is like the key to success, right? If you just have a great name, it, you know, not like rock, you know, any revelation or anything like a great name on its own doesn't do much. But I think like that kind of in tandem, I think has, you know, helped me a bit, made me a bit more memorable.

So I'd say it's in like that 10 to 20% range that it's given me like a little bit of boost. Like if I would have picked a shittier name, maybe I would have got 10 or 20% less revenue or deals or connections. I think it did have an impact, but maybe not a huge one.

You know, my take on that is I think it had more than a 10 or 20% lift. I think a name is like naming in general is just really underrated, especially when you were coming up with this name. Like the points guy was pretty massive, but like, you know, it wasn't as ubiquitous as it is now.

I actually think what's going to happen with the guy mafia is there's almost like a saturation. I do. I kind of on my one of my podcasts that I'm doing right now called Wannabe Angels, which I think is another good name for investor.

You know, it's like an investor podcast. And I think we always joke like the best part about that podcast is the name. And I always mention, you know, we have a vertical SaaS guy.

I'm like, oh, you should be the vertical SaaS guy. And with this whole Twitter guy mafia, I think there was a car dealership guy who I follow. And, you know, I think I saw this another guy, Nick Huber, sweaty startup.

He tweeted out some list of accounts to follow the other day and was all like the blank guy. And I'm like, oh, man, people are really leaning into this guy mafia. And I mean, it does sound good, but I do think, yeah, some of the novelty and cachet is probably wearing off.

Like, I don't know that I would name, you know, a business the blank guy today because it does, you know, it's a little bit saturated at this point. Right. Like it stood out when I did it.

When you're coming up with a name for a business, do you have any naming frameworks or how do you come up with names for companies, products, podcasts, communities? I feel like in general, I either let someone else smarter than me or more creative than me come up with a name and work with them. So my co-founder for my conference, Jonah, he came up with a name called Curbivore because it's sort of at the intersection of last mile delivery and policy and restaurants and retail, everything that's happening at the curb.

You know, ride, hail, pick up and drop off. So we do an in-person event in LA and everybody loves the name Curbivore, you know, sort of like play off of herbivore, but, you know, eating the curb. And other than that, though, like when I've came up with the rideshare guy name and wannabe angels with my co-host Colin for that podcast, I think we just wrote down like the rideshare guy.

I specifically remember writing down like a list of 50 different names. And I think the key that I've discovered with naming is you kind of want to be niche, but you don't want to be too niche. You don't want to be too broad.

Like I knew for sure that I didn't want to be like the Uber guy because I was like, well, what if there's another company beyond Uber, right? And so, you know, I think rideshare guy was sort of like a little bit lucky that I picked the right niche. But, you know, for a while in 2018 and 19, our most popular content on both the blog and YouTube was actually scooter content when Bird and Lime and all these companies were exploding.

And so I was sort of like, oh, man, everything everyone thinks of me as the rideshare guy. But like our most popular content is all about scooters now and charging scooters. And in the last two, three years, honestly, we've had a lot.

It's probably 50 50 now, but like we have a ton of interest in delivery. And so, you know, people still think of me as the rideshare guy, but like half of our revenue and traffic probably comes from, you know, last mile delivery now. So Uber Eats, Instacart, DoorDash, you know, those types of topics.

So I think to me, I think about it like, hey, I don't want to be an expert in every one of these domains. I want people to think of me as the rideshare guy. Anything, any Uber or Lyft question come to me.

I'm the guy to talk to. But, you know, we also dabble. We know enough to be dangerous in some other areas like food delivery.

And even though, you know, I might know quite a bit about food delivery, I'm not really trying to like actively market myself as like the food delivery guy, if that makes sense. Yeah, I mean, would you ever consider sort of unbundling the rideshare guy into multiple accounts slash businesses? So I thought about it when the scooter craze was happening because it was, you know, it was still gig work.

But I mean, we were doing YouTube reviews of scooters and posting it on the rideshare guy YouTube channel. So you have like a video about how to drive for Uber. And then the next video is like a scooter review, right?

Pretty random. But our scooter reviews were getting hundreds of thousands of views. So I was like, all right, well, I kind of have to do this.

And I think what I've learned over the years is you, to segment audience, you really have to have a big following. I think it sounds great in online marketing. You know, if you've got an email provider, they're like, hey, you should take your rideshare people.

You should take your delivery people. You should take your full time. Who likes videos?

Who like articles? And create all these different segments. And in order to do that, you have to have like a massive following.

I would say like in the millions of people, in the hundreds of thousands maybe, to really start segmenting. Like the only segment we do is like rideshare and delivery, right? So we have like two really high-level segments.

And I've experimented with a lot of different others. And it's just so much work that goes into like managing those different segments. Like if you launch a brand new account, unless you've got like, unless I had a million subscribers on YouTube, I think that it would be really difficult to kind of get those economies of scale from launching a second channel.

I think you see like Mr. Beast, he's got his main channel and he's got his philanthropy channel. And that works out really well, but he's the biggest and best creator on all of YouTube, right?

Like I'm way below Mr. Beast. So I think that would be kind of my personal experience and caution is that it sounds so good on paper or on a PDF or, you know, when you're taking the online course, like, oh, segment this and that.

But in reality, it's a lot of work and I don't really recommend it unless you have a huge, huge following. So what advice would you give to, let's say a sweaty startup, Nick Huber, who, you know, is running 10 guy accounts companies right now and really took your branding advice to heart? Yeah, I mean, I guess maybe I should be taking advice from him because he seems to be doing pretty well.

But I think with someone like him, I think that he's kind of unlocked a strategy that seems to be working pretty well in leveraging either his main account, his main persona. And, you know, I think he might be kind of at that inflection point where he is big enough to, you know, kind of go and launch these other brands. And I think as long as you're still doing something that you enjoy, you know, there's still a business opportunity and you're kind of able to leverage other properties.

That to me is the big thing. And everyone is different. You know, like to me, I'm all about like high leverage, working as little as possible and making as much money as possible.

But not everyone is like that. And I think sometimes people try to force themselves into, you know, a certain pigeonhole. But, you know, if that's not your like, if you're the grinded out type of personality, you probably shouldn't be doing things like me where like I won't even DocuSign something.

I'll send that to one of my virtual assistants because it saves me, you know, five seconds if it's like a basic document. Could you talk more about the business model of the whole of the whole company? So you've got all these content, you know, properties and, you know, you mentioned courses.

I'm sure there's ad revenue. Like, how do you how you think about business model and when did you think about business model? Yeah.

So I would say to answer the when is, you know, I've done a lot of content over the years and content is tough because I think most people don't think of it as a product, right? When you think about a company forming, you've got CEO, chief operating officer, chief product officer. There's no chief content.

There's a chief marketing, right? But it's usually less on the content and more on paid. There's, you know, not there's very rarely a chief content officer.

But I think to me, like, I think if you're going to do content, you have to think of it as a product. You have to think of it in those other veins. And I think that if you do it well, it's tough.

It can have similar returns. It can be valuable. It's not as competitive, right?

If not a lot of people are doing something, that means that if you do it really well, you can kind of get outsized returns. And so for me, when I started the Rideshare Guy, I think really in any project that I do, the three things I look for is something that I'm interested in, something that has a good business potential and something that's going to help people, I rarely will do anything in my entire life that's like one of those three categories. It's always, you know, something more than the other, right?

If I go, I just got a text message to take a GLG investor call, right? Like, okay, that's going to be more for the money than it is to, you know, like help people. I'm still helping someone, but it's someone who runs like a multi-billion dollar hedge fund.

Do they really need my help? I'm probably doing that one more for the money. Okay.

But every project, those are kind of like the three, you know, sort of if you're drawing a Venn diagram, those are the three things that I look for. And so when I started the Rideshare Guy, I thought there was a good business opportunity. I thought it'd be really cool to help a bunch of people who are like trying to figure out this new line of work.

And I just, frankly, I think gig work is really cool. You know, I want to kind of share it with more people. And obviously there's millions of people doing it now.

So there's something that people enjoy about it. And I wasn't really expecting to make much money at the start. You know, I kind of, in general with content, I always tell people like do it for a year, pick something you like, pick something that has a good business opportunity and see what happens.

But at the end of that year, I think you should sort of be happy with the journey and the results. And if you've made money along the way, great. If it exploded into a huge business, even better.

And so that was kind of my initial framework going into the Rideshare Guy. And within about three to six months, I did start making some money. And that was more off of driver referrals.

So Uber and Lyft kind of have famously paid thousands of dollars for driver acquisition over the years. And now it's kind of come down, maybe more normal acquisition prices, hundreds of dollars for a driver. And so over the years, we kind of started off monetizing by mainly driver referrals, some affiliate stuff, which would be, you know, a gas app, like GetUpside is one of our top affiliate partners.

You know, they help you save on gas. So pretty good fit, obviously, for Uber and Lyft drivers who put a thousand to two thousand miles a week on their car. And so today we have three or four main revenue sources.

Probably the biggest one would be affiliate. So that would be, you know, either signing people up. I kind of call it affiliate, you know, signing people up to drive for Uber, Uber Eats, Instacart, DoorDash, and, you know, really any kind of platform.

Signing them up to be a driver that kind of falls under affiliate. And then we also have other affiliates like GetUpside, others in the cashback space like Ibotta, Fetch. I mean, I think in like one of our, you know, GetUpside is a good example because they were sort of VC funded, had a lot of money at a certain point.

And I think they were paying us like $5, you know, acquisition for a free app download for like a perfect product for our audience. Right. And I think at one point we probably did 50,000 referrals in a single month for them at like the heyday two, three years ago when they were spending a lot on marketing and, you know, kind of we were ranking number one for every code around GetUpside, GetUpside, you know, download, GetUpside referral, promo code, all of that.

And, you know, so the affiliate stuff is definitely temperamental and kind of goes up and down and they can pull the plug at any time. But affiliate is probably our main one. And then we also do a lot of direct advertising.

And so over the past two, three years, we've done a lot of direct campaigns with, you know, the platforms themselves. So some companies, we might be an affiliate and they're like, hey, you're doing great as an affiliate. Let's do some extra work with you.

Others, like right now, we have a few deals working with a lot of fintech apps, right? New banking apps for gig workers, you know, combine your personal and business accounts, you know, get a cash advance or whatever it might be. So we do a lot of direct deals.

And so that would be they come to us and maybe sponsor our newsletter, sponsor, do a sponsored blog post, sponsored video. Maybe we'll do a pre-roll ad for them. You know, we've got like 10 or 20 different options that they can do that we have a weekly live show that they can sponsor and have a banner.

So I think that's pretty straightforward. And then we have some other ancillary revenue sources, like I'll do consulting deals, retainers, one-off calls. We do have some products that we sell to drivers directly.

But honestly, that's probably less than 5% of our revenue, like our courses and coaching. And it's just been really tough for me to sell directly to drivers who frankly aren't making a lot of money. We've had much more success, you know, negotiating with the bigger companies or VC funded or, you know, people with a lot of money to blow or to spend basically.

And, you know, then I also work with a lot of startups. And so I guess that would be less on the money side. And, you know, I'm an advisor for 10 or 15 startups.

I've been angel investing for the past three, four years, and I ended up starting a little mini fund. So investing in some companies. So, you know, I guess I haven't really made money off of that yet, but hopefully someday I will.

On the affiliate side of things, what does like an Uber pay for a referral to, you know, for a driver? Just to give people a sense of like scale. So probably $100 to $200.

I mean, in the heyday, they were paying $500 to $1,000. And that's sort of where like, I kind of feel like I had a little bit of a cheat code in the first few years. Like I shouldn't have been making, I ended up quitting my day job within about nine months of starting the rideshare guy.

And in a normal situation, I probably shouldn't have been able to do that. Uber was kind of like a once in a generation kind of company where they were growing so fast and raising so much money that they were just paying literally $500 to $1,000 for driver referrals. And they were double-sided.

It's like the new driver signing up was getting money. I was getting a lot of money. And so we kind of monetized off of that.

So these days it's come down quite a bit and maybe more in the $100 to $200 range for delivery services. It might be $25 to $100, maybe up to $200 in some of the top markets, but sort of rideshare, delivery. And then, you know, all of our other affiliates might be more in like the $5 to $50 range.

You know, if it's a free mileage tracking app, you know, that might be $2 to $5 per download. If it's more of a bank account, you know, that might be more than the $50 to $100 kind of range. And where do you want to take it?

Like what's exciting to you? It feels like you've kind of, like from an outsider, honestly, it feels like you're at the top, like you're at the top of your niche and you've got like, you're doing the courses, you're doing the affiliate, you're on all the platforms, you've got a bunch of shows. I'm sure you're making six to seven figures in revenue a month on the business.

It sounds like you've got it pretty much like you, you know, you've won, you beat Bowser, you know, I don't know if we're making quite that much. I'd be doing real well if we were that probably more like five to six figures a month. But, you know, I think that, uh, definitely to me, I would say that like, I am definitely an entrepreneur at heart.

And so I've really kind of used the rideshare guy. It's just like, like, you know, I think obviously you can see a lot of the work that I put in and, you know, this isn't my first rodeo. It wasn't my first, you know, I have many businesses that failed, right.

Or many blogs or websites that didn't work out so well. But I think it's like such a good springboard into other ventures, right. And so really any kind of itch that I want to scratch as an entrepreneur, I've sort of been using the rideshare guy to do that over the past few years.

And I would say probably the biggest examples, maybe more directly to the business would be, you know, like electrification. We're really interested in like EVs and that intersections. We've done a lot of consulting work, you know, reviews of different vehicles, you know, so we're kind of investing.

We started a Facebook group that has six, 7,000 or five, 6,000 EV, Uber and Lyft drivers. It's like the only and kind of biggest group there. So that's kind of like an area that I just was spending some time that I kind of invested time, money, resources.

And then the conference that I mentioned, like I've done everything primarily digital. You can make way more money, better or not way more, but better returns. You know, I would say like marginal returns, I guess you would say.

And so, you know, I wanted to do something in person, bring people together. And so the conference we've been putting on, we've done it now two years in person in LA. Our most recent one had 750 people.

And that is really kind of the intersection of last mile delivery, restaurant and retail, public policy, and kind of anything and everything in between. And frankly, it's just like a really good excuse for me and my co-founder Jonah to put on an awesome party to bring a lot of people together to have really great food. Like I literally do that conference for myself.

Like I don't do anything at that conference. That's boring, not fun. You know, we make some money off of it, but it's not my biggest revenue source.

And then the other area that I've kind of been personally interested in over the past few years is angel investing. And, you know, I really, you know, I'm not going to go start a startup anytime soon. I'm way too lazy for that, way too much work.

But I do get a lot of energy out of helping entrepreneurs, you know, seeing people grow and, you know, maybe passing some of my knowledge. And frankly, like I think it's infectious to be around people that are like working their ass off if you don't necessarily have to do it yourself. So it's sort of fun to be involved in that process and journey.

And, you know, so I've invested probably five or $600,000 of my own money in 20 to 30 startups and maybe 10 funds over the past three, four years and ended up meeting my friend Colin. And we started a podcast called Wannabe Angels. And so I think we're about 15 published and maybe 20 episodes total in.

And that is to kind of scratch that itch. But, you know, as you might imagine, like the companies that I'm investing in, I'm not, you know, I'm like investing in, you know, maybe less ride, like ride share adjacent, you know, like gig economy, food, restaurant and retail, logistics, mobility, you know, anything that kind of like leans into these areas that, you know, I know a little bit, you know, enough to be dangerous about, but maybe I'm not an expert in. So I think that's kind of where I'm at in the stage of the business.

And I did actually just bring on a big business partner, too, to kind of help run the website of and the kind of back end side of things. We've got some goals there, which we can get into. But I guess on a personal level, that's kind of like what I've been dabbling in.

So the points guy is an interesting story. So points guy started very similar to you. I think it was he worked at Brian Kelly, who's an investment banker.

Yeah. Yeah. Investment banker, you know, JP Morgan or something like that.

Morgan Stanley, actually. And, you know, he just started blogging about, you know, points on different credit cards. And it was right, you know, right around the right after the great financial crisis.

So there was a lot of demand for, you know, saving money and, you know, just points. And he ended up taking a different path than you did. Although he did monetize via affiliates like you did.

But the different path that he took is he sold his business to Bankrate. Right. In 2012, which I think got acquired again in 2017.

Have you ever thought about... By Red Ventures, right. Yeah.

Yeah, exactly. Have you ever thought about, and I'm sure you have, but like when is the right time to sell? Yeah.

Or how are you thinking about it? Yeah. Yeah.

So I, this is probably, I would love to discuss this, but I'll sort of caveat it with that. I'm definitely not an expert here. And that's kind of one of the reasons that kind of interests me about it.

Like I've never sold a business. And so like as an entrepreneur, I think, you know, you kind of always want to work on new things, try new things. And so for me, it's like, I've done all these different things.

I've never sold Rideshare Guy or never sold a business. So it's like kind of that part is like almost more interesting. Of course, I want to make money off of it if I do sell.

And I think like up until this point, I've always, up until recently, I guess you would say, I've always thought about my business as like, I probably value it a lot more than someone is willing to pay. Like, Hey, if Uber came and offered me, I don't know, 10, 20, $50 million for it tomorrow, I'd probably sell it. But I doubt that they value it in the same way that I do.

Right. Cause I put so much time and energy and, you know, like I also like what I do, you know, like every, like I only work on parts of the business that, you know, I enjoy and, you know, I've kind of transitioned and done a lot of different roles and hired people and all of that. So like, I wake up every Monday morning, like pretty refreshed, you know, I just went on vacation last week and I was pretty excited, you know, to come back to work and check all my emails.

Right. Cause I knew it'd be like kind of fun stuff, you know, Greg emailing me about coming on the podcast, you know, fun stuff to do. So I think like when it comes to selling the business, I've never, you know, it's never been a goal of mine by any stretch, but I've definitely over the past two to four years built the business to sell.

Uh, I would say that, you know, I think, I think there's a famous saying, like, even if you're not going to sell a business, you know, you want to build it to sell. Um, and really what that means for me personally is, you know, there's the brand, the ride, your guy, people know me, that's how they think of me. But if you go and look at our videos, our content, I've got a number of contributors.

It's really not me anymore doing the content. I'm still, you know, not even the face, but I'm still involved. You know, people still know me, but I think that like, if someone did want to come in and buy the ride share guy tomorrow, it wouldn't be like, they're buying me.

I think they're buying a brand there. You know, most of the time, if we get a media inquiry, you know, I've been quoted like over 3000 times in the media, you know, as a ride share gig economy expert. But these days, you know, when we get a media inquiry, I send it to one of my top contributors.

I don't even take those unless I have some preexisting relationship with the reporter. You know, I want, and actually like kind of stealing from the points guy. I remember I heard this NPR interview once and they were like, we're going to bring in, you know, senior contributor at the points guy, Kelly, something, you know, Kelly, whoever, and she's going to talk about points.

And I was like, that's awesome. Like the points guy is getting mentioned in this NPR story. And Brian, the CEO or, you know, founder doesn't even have to be on the interview.

Like that is really cool to me. And so that's kind of how, you know, I think I've done a pretty good job of that over the past few years. And I actually ended up bringing on a business partner earlier this year.

They're called MMG Media. They've bought and sold a bunch of properties and they've exited businesses and their five person team that I've been really enjoying working with. And really it's to kind of take, have them take over a lot of the backend.

I think the things that would be even more attractive to a potential acquirer, right? Like they're going to care a lot more about affiliate revenue than upfront sponsored, you know, like advertising deals, right? Like they kind of care more about those longer term type things.

And so, you know, really kind of building the business, you know, I've never been an expert. Like I know, I know the basics of SEO, but like, that's like my nightmare. I don't want to sit there tracking keywords and doing all the boring stuff.

And I'm really good at like getting out there, marketing, developing relationships, making a lot of noise, you know, being quoted in the media, writing op-eds, you know, being, having content everywhere and less so like, Hey, you know, we covered this topic three years ago and you know, this new post is going to kind of cannibalize our old posts in the eyes of Google search. We should probably update this old one, you know, but that's sort of why I brought on my business partners. They're very good at that type of stuff.

So I guess I would say that, you know, regardless if we end up do, if we end up selling or not, I think we're kind of like building the business behind the scenes now in a much more attractive. Like I was able to kind of take the business to a point where I think it's like somewhat attractive from the outside. Cause it's not just me anymore, but now we're trying to build the business behind the scenes.

That's even more attractive if we were to want to sell on the feed. So this is the first time I've heard about MMG media and they look awesome. Yeah.

I'm just on their website. I'm just on their website. So I haven't really announced my partnership with them.

I've kind of mentioned it or teased it. And, you know, I'm sure we'll kind of announce it a little bit more. I guess you're getting the exclusive right now, Greg.

I love it. I love it. You're too good to me on their website.

It says, we are obsessed with building notable brands that meet people where they are in their financial journey. And they build by, they, you know, they basically have three services. They either number one, they build or buy.

Number two, they scale. And number three, they sell. So sell meaning they've got strong relationships with the network of buyers.

Our team has, yeah. Scaling is basically, I think, similar in your boat where we grow revenue and traffic with a heavy emphasis on SEO and affiliate partnerships. And then the build and buy.

And they've got a portfolio. It looks like bankbonus.com, millennial money, financial residency. And of course, the ride chair guy, can you talk us through your, like your relationship with them and what they handle and how it's been?

Yeah, definitely. So Grant, the CEO, I've known for a while since I sort of got my bearings in the personal finance world. And you can sort of tell from the sites they listed off, they've got, you know, they've been kind of more focused on the finance side of things.

And I think millennial money is kind of their famous site that if you look up, I believe he taught, he has a blog post or two about him selling it to, I want to say. Oh gosh, I can't remember. It wasn't Bankrate, but it was someone like that, that he sold it to.

And I don't think he announced the price, but I think he announced, you know, it was a lot of money. And then I think he ended up buying it back at some point too, which is kind of funny. But yeah, I mean, so I've sort of personally known him for a while.

And I guess to me, like kind of seen them, like, you know, you kind of listed off all the marketing copy on their site and I've kind of seen that in action. So that's sort of where it's like, hey, to me, you know, that it's not that hard to write that on a website and create good copy and landing page. But like, to me, you know, the reason why I was even interested in partnering with them in the first place is because I've seen them do that in action, build a site like Bankbonus from the ground up, you know, build his own site, sell it and, you know, kind of do some of that.

And they've got a lot of experience and are good at some of the things that I'm not good at. And so I sort of feel like it was like kind of fitting two good pieces of a puzzle. And so at a high level, that's kind of what interested me in the first place in working with them.

And basically, we are still I mean, we've got an official partnership agreement and all that. And they're kind of my official business partners. But I will say that, you know, kind of like integrating a business like mine that's been doing something, you know, in all our different ways for 10 years almost is like, you know, it's there's a lot of moving pieces.

Right. And so basically, we're kind of at the stage where they're really focused on the website and SEO and we've kind of actually completely redesigned the site, back end architecture, redone hundreds, if not probably close to 2000 pages on the website and optimized for SEO. You know, we're starting to I'm about to record a bunch of, you know, like really high quality videos with a videographer for our top seven SEO affiliate type pages.

So we're really just trying at this point to like build up the traffic, you know, it was kind of like, hey, we've got this ship and now we're kind of writing it in the correct direction. Not that we were doing a bad job before. But, you know, if you look at like how much money can you make driving for DoorDash?

That's probably like a top keyword for DoorDash affiliates. And there's a lot of sites with lower domain authority, less credibility than us outranking because the SEO side of things has never been my area of expertise, focus or something that, frankly, I even enjoyed. And so it's sort of like, hey, I knew we were always leaving some money on the table, but you know, I like working on things that I enjoy and that I'm good at.

And so that's kind of where we're at with them. And basically, I kind of brought they've got a five person team and I brought them all on as, you know, sort of like a equity. And I guess you would say sort of I mean, they're basically like a 50 50 partner, I guess you would say.

And so they are have a lot of upside in the business. If we do really well, if we exit, whatever it might be. And so that's kind of, you know, what they're handling for me.

I feel like this is a model that's going to happen a ton in a bunch of other niches. So what I really like about the deal that I set up with Grant and his team is that I'm really I'm paying them nothing up front, like they are really putting their money where their mouth is and they have a lot of upside. But it if, you know, things don't work out, they're not going to make any money.

And so it's sort of like combining. Right. Like I think a good example, like I do a lot of stuff with the media and I usually kind of like workhorse it myself and, you know, like work with the startups and companies like get them featured or whatever it might be.

And there's a million PR services out there you can hire for thousands or tens of thousands of dollars and none of them will guarantee anything. Right. So it's like you could pay someone a lot of money with no guarantee of results.

And to me, like that's like a space where there are definitely some good people. But I feel like a majority are just going to, you know, kind of like talk about talk a big game and it'll sound really good and you'll end up wasting your money. Um, and I think in the deal that I set up with them, with MMG media, they have a lot of upside, you know, sort of like they've got that social proof, but then they're putting their money where their mouth is.

And to me, I think the biggest, uh, you know, reason why it's a good fit is because like what they bring to the table and what I bring to the table are two really good skills, but different, like I'm good on the content and creative and relationship and marketing. And they're kind of good on a, like what I would like joke, the more boring stuff. Like you can't hire the best SEO person in the world for a hundred thousand dollars a year.

You probably can't hire them for a million dollars a year, to be perfectly honest. Like you almost have to get the best people, you know, incentivized upside equity, you know, that kind of partnership. But it can be really, you know, complex structuring a deal where, you know, you kind of connect on a personal level and you guys are aligned like on a, you know, I almost think of like every deal I do should almost be like a handshake deal.

You know, like you should almost like agree on a handshake basis. And then you obviously have to like legalize it all up. But, you know, it's like, you kind of almost have to like agree on like a handshake and like sort of bigger picture level, you know, before you go into anything.

I had a call earlier this morning with a entrepreneur who has a partnership opportunity on the table. He's got, you know, a pretty good business and he, he doesn't know if he should bring them on as equity partners. And he's got this big fear that, well, what if, you know, what they say they're going to do is not exactly what they're going to do.

And, you know, um, what advice do you have to someone like that? I mean, I think that that is a very reasonable fear. I feel like most partnerships don't work out to be perfectly honest, you know, like, uh, whether it's like a personal relationship or a business partnership, like business.

I mean, literally, you know, any, anytime you bring two people together, right. Or two groups together, it's like tough. It's like, you know what I mean?

Whether it's personal or, you know, like obviously, right. What is the stat? 50% of marriages end in divorce, right?

Like, I'm sure that it's higher or I don't know if I'm sure, I'm sure it's in the same ballpark for business relationships based off my personal experience. Like, you know, when you get started with something, it's just hard to maintain over time. And so I think if you kind of go into it, like to me, it's all about leveling up.

Like I've, I feel like there was like 10 different things that happened in my life in order to get me to say yes to this partnership with MMG media. You know, the first thing would be like, Hey, I've done a good job building something up on my own, but I think to get it to that next level I've tried and I haven't quite, you know, been able to do it on my own hiring the people that, you know, I've been hiring. Number two, I've done a lot of business partnerships, uh, you know, sort of like starting my first course that I started like eight, nine years ago, you know, we started off with another guy and it ended up like after two, three years, we sort of broke up and it was somewhat amicable.

And I think I kind of paid him off, paid him out of the business, but you know, it was like, I don't even think we had an actual agreement for that. Like my Curbivore conference co-founder, we usually at the end of every year, we like decide how we want to divvy up the money. You know what I mean?

It's like not the best way of doing it, but you know, I've had experience and, you know, sort of know different people. And like with that, like, I know what to expect, right? Like I know that, Hey, we haven't done a good job, but like upfront, we have, you know, a bunch of reasons for why we do it that way.

Um, and then, you know, maybe third or fourth, like I've seen MMG in action, right? Like again, with that PR example, like there are one or two PR firms that I actually recommend to startups because I've seen them work with companies of mine. It's like, yeah, they'll charge $10,000 or $7,000 a month.

Uh, but I've seen them, you know, with a good company and with a good pitch, get great write ups and do good work. So it's like, they've got that social proof. And then, you know, with the MMG, it's like, all right, now they're putting where the deal we structure, they have a lot of upside, but they're putting their money where their mouth is.

They're not taking anything upfront. So I think like, I would kind of look at it, like combining. Two, three, four, five, six things.

Anytime you're looking to bring someone on as a partner, like it can't just be one thing that sounds good. It sort of has to be like, wow, there's a multitude of factors that all lead me to saying yes. And then I think the other thing too, is like my business is quite different than, you know, like a bootstrap, you know, I would call my business bootstrap.

I've never raised money or anything like that. You know, a bootstrap type of business. I think like giving up equity is a lot different than, you know, I think I'm sure taking on like a 50, 50 partnership as like a VC funded startup is like crazy.

But in bootstrap world, you know, it's like completely different. I think, you know, different situations. I think that's the other sort of caveat.

The advice I gave to this entrepreneur was create a timeline of all the interactions that you've had with this potential partner. Just like get a piece of paper, write down all the interactions that you've had. Okay.

How many years has it been? One, two, five, 10. Okay.

How did they make you feel when they did this? Did they under promise and over deliver? Did they say they were going to do this thing and it didn't happen?

And just all the things that you can possibly remember, just like write it on a timeline. And most importantly, write the outcome of how you felt in that moment. Oh, you know what?

Because if you're getting into business with someone, like you want to have fun and you want to smile and you want to have a good time too. So you want to, you know, you want to basically have records of how you're feeling about all these situations. And I asked this guy to come back with me with this timeline and he texted me actually today and he said like, you know what?

There's been a few interactions with this person that have been pretty negative. Yeah. And, but they are the best.

They are the best. And insert social proof here. And I was just like, it's not worth it.

It's not, it's not worth partnering with someone where you're going to have, you know, 10, 20% negative, uh, relate, you know, outcomes. Um, because, you know, it's very hard to undo these relationships. Yeah.

Yeah. I like that framework. And I think that, you know, I haven't thought about it too much.

So this is kind of fun that you're asking me about this, but I imagine that like, if everything isn't aligned, like I feel like most often in business partnerships, things like diverge, then get better. You know what I mean? Like you almost have to be like 1000% on the same page because you're going to, it's going to be tough.

You're going to have some ups and downs. And, you know, I feel like more often, you know, people's personal lives or situations change. And that adds, you know, a wrench like, oh, I can't spend as much time because I have a kid now or I moved or whatever.

Right. So it's like, it can only add more to the mix. So if you're not like super aligned, I mean, even one thing I considered in working with Grant and MMG, it'll be funny if he listens to this interview is like, I liked him as a person.

Uh, and like, I always prefer, like, I would much rather work with people that I like hanging out with. And I know this sounds a little bit weird, but like, it's really hard for me to be friends with people that I work with. If they're not good at their job, like if they don't excel at their job, like I can't shoot the shit on the phone with them.

Like, Hey, how was your week? I'm like, no, let's not talk about your weekend. Like, why isn't this done?

What, what's going on? You know, like my first priority is business and working together. And if we can crush it on that, then like, let's go have some fun together.

Let's hang out. Let's talk, you know, let's vacation together, whatever it might be. And, you know, I hired my, uh, COO, uh, three, four years ago.

And he, uh, you know, we actually met at a FinCon, which is a personal finance bloggers conference. And he was working for a top travel site, kind of managing that. And, you know, we like kind of instantly, you know, we hung out the whole weekend and we connected and we had a lot of fun.

And I ended up bringing him on, uh, to the business, uh, for a few years. And one of the things I enjoyed most about working with him was he was great at his job, but also just, I liked hanging out with him. And, you know, he was like one of the, you know, kind of few people that I've hired over the years who like excelled at his job.

And also that I liked on a personal level and enjoyed talking to him. And, you know, I went to Miami and, um, for a conference and, you know, he lives in West Palm beach and I had him come down for a night and we just like hung out and, you know, we talked about some business, but we really just like hung out as friends for a weekend, you know, and like, honestly, like very little business purpose, but, you know, it was like kind of fun. Last question.

Cause I got to run. All right. If you, if you were to summarize a decade of your knowledge and building content base niche businesses, what comes top of mind?

What is, what is the most powerful advice you can give to people who are interested in becoming the future rideshare guy of their own spaces? Yeah. I mean, I think it's kind of summary of some of the threads I've mentioned.

Is, you know, pick something that you're interested in, pick something that has some or a lot of business opportunity. And, you know, I think it feels good to help people. So, you know, if you're, you know, can find, find something that's, you know, more helpful to, you know, drivers making 15 to $20 an hour, I think you'll get more personal satisfaction out of that than helping, you know, hedge fund guys.

So, you know, if you can kind of gravitate towards that and then on the actual sort of tactical side, I think content and working online, I am such a huge proponent of it because the amount of work that goes into one piece of content and the potential reach is infinite, right? I mean, you can literally put out a blog post or a video that reaches five people, 10 people, a hundred people, or 100 million people. And obviously the higher you go up in that stack, you know, it's a little bit, it's a lot tougher to reach a hundred million than five or 10 people.

But I mean, our most popular video on YouTube has 5 million views and it's all about truck driving, super random. But, you know, it's like, you can kind of do that. I love the kind of short form platforms right now.

We're investing a lot in short form content, TikTok, YouTube shorts, Instagram reels, because discoverability is so high. You know, you put something out there and it can go viral a lot easier. I would almost say it's impossible, not impossible, but it's very difficult for a blog post, you know, on a brand new site to go viral relative to a lot of the short form video platforms are out there since they're more, you know, kind of algorithmic discovery based now.

So I think kind of leaning into video and, you know, really just kind of creating consistent content for a long period of time, like be a cockroach, never die. That's why I say if you pick a topic that you love and you just like doing, you know, one podcast a week for 10 years, like good opportunity. I guarantee, you know, if you do one podcast a week for 10 years, good opportunities are going to come your way.

And that might be more of the extreme. But, you know, I always say like one year, you know, one year when it comes to content, try to be consistent for one year. Don't even worry about monetizing for the first year.

If something falls in your lap, great. But, you know, I like that kind of one year threshold. Be a cockroach.

Yeah, be a cockroach. That's a good one. All right.

Where could people find you on the Internet? And thank you for letting us crawl inside your brain. Yeah, no, that was fun.

I think you asked some good, challenging and new questions. I haven't done an interview like this in quite a while. So it was fun.

I would say if they're interested in anything, Rideshare, Gig Economy, just type it into a box on the Internet and we should pop up. And if not, let me know if there's some box that we're not popping up on. I'll take that as a personal challenge.

But we've got the rideshareguy.com, our YouTube channel. The Rideshare Guy is growing pretty quickly. I kind of share my personal, you know, sort of thoughts on the rideshare and gig economy industries on my weekly podcast, The Rideshare Guy.

And then on the content side, sort of the I'm probably most active on Twitter at The Rideshare Guy. And then I've got my new podcast that's more focused on investing in startups and things like that called Wannabe Angels. And we're doing a weekly live show there.

It's a new show, but getting a lot of traction and been a lot of fun so far. There you have it. The Rideshare Guy.

Love it. Thanks, Greg. Thank you.