Dude, nice headset, man. God, I love that. That's like 80s retro gamer headset.

I mean, I'm not embarrassed to wear it. I'm not afraid to be a nerd, but I know it makes me look a bit nerdy. I think it's amazing.

It's like some ready player one shit. I love it, dude. I think it's kind of your look now.

I sort of want you to wear it when we're back in person once this whole Omicron thing dies down and we can do these more in person again. I want you to keep that thing rolling. I like it.

You should just wear it around your neck. Be one of the neck headphone guys. I'll start with my ears.

I'll see if I can make through the neck. What's going on? What do you want to talk about today?

Oh, man. Got a bunch. I want to drink, though.

Last episode we filmed when we did it with Scott Belsky, I didn't drink and I actually felt like that was a mistake. So I've got my drink ready and I'm going to be drinking Kentucky Owl bourbon whiskey. A friend of mine, Blake Burge, shout out.

Big supporter sent me this bottle for the holidays and it's amazing. And so I'm going to be drinking that today. What are you drinking?

This is just a sparkling water. I think it's pronounced La Croix, even though I'd call it La Croix. I think it's La Croix.

I think it's La Croix. I think it's La Croix, actually. Ryan Hoover would know.

He drinks a lot of it and he talks a lot about it. I think I think it's the Croix. It's the key lime flavor.

OK, I mean, I'm in Florida. So I leave Greg for two months and he starts going soft on me. I'm the only one drinking now.

I'm the only degenerate around here. Anyway, I mean, if I lived in the northeast during the winter, I would be drinking whiskey, too, at 4 p.m. Yeah, it's cold.

There's ice on the road outside. I can see the whiskey tastes good. Keeps me warm.

So let's do let's dive into it. I feel like we have a lot. We've got a very cool guest that's going to come on that will intro when we get to it.

But a bunch of stuff happened this week that I just want to talk about. I want to get your perspective on. CapChase is the financing solution for fast growing startups.

It lets companies access their revenue today so that they can reinvest in their business and grow and scale much quicker than they otherwise would be able to. Is it complex, though? No, it's super easy to set up.

Only a couple of clicks. You can go through the process so quickly. There's no dilution ever.

And if you don't draw on the money, you don't have to pay any interest against it. It's a great solution for fast growing startups, and they should all check it out today. So if you want to go look into it, go to capchase.com slash room.

The saying used to be let your game speak. With Common Stock, it's about let your gains speak. I love Common Stock, love the platform, and have really been enjoying learning from other people on there.

How does it work? It's a platform for verified investment knowledge. So people are going and sharing their ideas, sharing their trades, but it's actually connected to their brokerage account.

So you can see the results they're generating and see their actual track records over time. So you're learning from people, not only the best investors, the Bill Ackmans, the Daniel Loeb's are on there, but also individuals who are actually going and putting their money where their mouth is on these trades, and you're learning alongside them and being taken on the journey. Is it just stocks?

There's everything now. There's going to be stocks, there's crypto. We're in this crazy world where there's so many different investment opportunities, which just means there's so many opportunities to learn.

And Common Stock is creating the platform for you to learn alongside the best. And also, as I said, let your gains speak. So to level up your investing game today, check out commonstock.com.

You won't regret it. So you saw this vampire attack. I think that's a hilarious name, by the way, which we can get into as part of all this, but OpenSea got vampire attacked by this thing called, what's it called?

Looks? Looks. Looks rare.

Looks rare.org. Kind of crazy whole thing. So you're going to have to correct me if my research in general is off on this.

I dug into it earlier because I'm trying to be more of a degen around this stuff, but it's kind of cool. So basically, OpenSea is the biggest player in the NFT marketplace space. They just raised money.

Mario at the generalist did a great piece on it, but they raised money at what, a $15 billion valuation or some massive valuation. I can probably pull it up while we're talking here. But they raised money.

They're the heir incumbent. Yeah, $13.3 billion in new round of venture funding. Massive company.

This company called Looks Rare, which is looksrare.org, comes along and does something kind of neat. It's called a vampire attack. But basically, they entice you to come over and list NFTs on their new marketplace, looksrare.org.

And the way they're doing it is by offering you an airdrop of these looks tokens. And all of a sudden, people were doing it. And the reason was because these looks tokens were actually valuable.

And it was based on the amount of transaction volume I think you did on OpenSea, the number of tokens you get dropped, I think. And so you go... Yeah, it was in how much you bought.

So yeah. It was your ETH volume on OpenSea? Yeah, I believe it's, you know, if you spent, let's say, 10 ETH on OpenSea, you got some sort of percentage, you know, something like that in looks tokens.

Okay. Okay. So I, my experience with this, like, I think it's fascinating.

It's actually like, from a consumer standpoint, a pretty neat growth hack, because basically what they did was incentivize people with this thing that who knows if it has value, but basically you just had to list, you had to list an NFT for sale on looksrare.org in order to claim these tokens. And what started happening was as people started claiming them, people started staking them, buying them, suddenly they had real value. And so like, I went over, I was kind of late.

I think it all started on Monday or something like that. I think you texted me about it, a few others, I didn't pay attention. And then I went over to it yesterday and pulled up my thing and my looks rare token drop was worth like four ETH or something like that.

In, in the amount of looks tokens they were going to send me, which is bananas. Like they were just giving you free money. Right.

So what did you do? So you, you claim the looks token and then tell people what you did. Yeah.

So all you had to do to claim it was list one for sale. So I had some like unbelievably worthless NFT in my OpenSea, you know, in my wallet that I listed for sale, which was never going to sell. I listed it for one ETH on the looks rare thing.

And that allowed me to claim it. So again, like I kind of found a loophole to the system because it didn't matter. And it was like, I think it was chodes, by the way, it was the toads derivative chodes that has no volume, no liquidity.

I listed that it allowed me to claim. I think I claimed 3000 looks. And maybe I'm like embarrassing.

Maybe that's not many. I don't know how many other people got. But it was worth like at the time when I did it, I think it was worth 15,000 us dollars.

Like, so in ETH, you know, it was like five ETH or maybe a little less than that five ETH, but kind of crazy. And so then basically it says like, they have you there and you can sell it. And I think a lot of people probably did and dumped it.

But then a few of my friends were like, Hey, you can actually stake it. And so then on the website, they have this whole thing where you can immediately stake the looks that you got and generate, like they have a live tracker of the APR you can generate. That's like very gamified.

And so I was like, well, this is free money that no one, like I didn't think I was going to have. So I might as well stake it. And so I staked it and it's like a 950% APR to stake it or something like right now.

Right. So I think, I mean, there's a lot of interesting pieces of it. First of all, you got $15,000 for doing nothing.

Someone basically just wrote you a check for $15,000. Assuming it's liquid. Yeah.

Assuming you can sell it, right? Like sometimes they do these airdrops and the thing isn't liquid. You can't actually sell it.

So who knows? But looks like I claimed mine, I claimed mine and I sold it right away. A lot of people do that, right?

So you, so you converted it into ETH. Converted it into ETH, which I converted into USD, which I transferred to my account and I went and bought something. So like liquid and that, and you know, it happened and it happened quickly.

So I think like, for me, it was like Christmas came really early or, you know, we're in mid January. Um, so, so yeah, the first thing is like the, the fact that people are getting this like random check is, is honestly why I think a lot of people don't like people in crypto or people who are doing these NFT things is like, sometimes it is really easy money. Um, and we can talk about like the perception of NFTs and the perception of crypto people after, but that's the first thing I wanted to make mention of how, like how crazy that is.

The second thing is airdrops in general are just fascinating, right? Because basically what you're doing is you're looking at public blockchain data and you're rewarding loyalty. So because Sahil Bloom is a loyal OpenSea customer, someone else, another company or another product or another community is able to take that data and potentially grab the users from OpenSea.

Cause that's what they're trying to do, right? They're trying to bootstrap the network. And yeah, sorry, go ahead.

You're hitting on something really interesting that relates to our conversation with Scott too, which is, um, one of the, it's actually an interesting innovation of web three. I think like Chris Dixon had a thread on this recently that web three is interesting in the context that you can actually vote with your feet very credibly because this platform looks rare, tiny, no one knows what it is. They can come in and do something like this.

And then maybe they start charging, you know, a quarter of what OpenSea charges from a commission standpoint. And suddenly, you know, like people have to race to the bottom on that margin that they can charge and clip because I might just vote with my feet. Now I can like go over to looks and maybe I'm an early looks adopter and start using the platform more.

I buy looks tokens. Now I'm incentivized to use looks because I actually want looks to succeed. I've got a bunch of looks now.

I'm staking it. If a bunch of people start using looks, like I might start piping looks up because I'm a part of it. And they're charging a lower fee.

And so it's kind of interesting because it does remove power from these centralized platforms when people can really vote with their feet this quickly. Yeah. I also think it makes the OpenSeas of the world or the competition just a lot more like make them more scared, which makes the product better.

You know, they have to adapt. You know, I'm sure they're looking at this product and they're like, okay, what we know, we don't want to lose people. Right.

So what do we got to do on our platform? Do we need to make them more decentralized? Do we need to add, you know, certain, they added, they had a few features on, on looks on that platform that, you know, OpenSea was missing.

So it's pretty interesting. The other thing also is there are kinks with, with airdrops, right? So you mentioned that, you know, you went on the platform, you basically listed something, a chodes, which is worth zero for, you know, one ETH.

So you're kind of like, that's a problem, right? Because then you don't, that platform is going to have a lot of like bad inventory and bad merchandise. Um, so I think, um, there are kinks and we're gonna, I'm sure that they're going to fix it.

And a lot, you know, but we are, the cool thing is we're learning about this process. People are trying things, people are pushing the boundaries. Um, I don't understand how it's not like, it's just so weird to me because they've created value from nothing.

Um, like that there's, there's this thing of just like money from nothing that still confuses me fundamentally when I try to think and first principles on this kind of stuff, because they sent me a bunch of tokens that they just created out of thin air, um, that don't actually have value, but now they do, um, because they've dropped it to a bunch of people and because a bunch of people now have it and are trading it. And because a bunch of people like me have staked it, um, you can actually trade it and there's liquidity because that's what the staking does is it's providing liquidity in the, in the protocol. Um, I just like, it, it breaks my mind a little bit to understand it.

Um, and so for me personally, whenever that happens, I try to like dig in more and that's why I'm staking it honestly, is I just want to like participate and learn more about it and kind of be along for the ride and see what happens. Um, but it's pretty fascinating. Um, I think it's interesting and it's like, it's a, um, it is a case study in web three and how these things can materialize.

And like a company that no one had ever heard of, I don't think for the most part a week ago is like part of the zeitgeist all of a sudden, I'm sure people at, um, at, um, at OpenSeer thinking about it. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.

I think, um, I'm sure, actually I'm sure they're more than thinking about it. I think they're, they're probably looking at it and they're, they're, they must be scared or feel a bit vulnerable. Um, and, uh, I don't blame them to be honest.

Like, you know, I, I don't know the exact numbers, but probably tens of thousands, if not a hundred thousand plus people have gone and claimed tokens. That's like, you know, I think one of the takeaways I have from this whole thing is networks have value. You know, it's a reminder that networks have value.

Like, yes, these tokens are coming out of thin air, but when you're creating a network, that network of buyers and sellers has a lot of value. Um, and scarcity drives value too, right? You're staking your tokens.

Those tokens are going out of your wallet. Uh, therefore demand, you know, supply goes down, uh, puts price pressure to go up. So a lot of interesting things.

I wish I paid more attention, uh, in economics class, um, in school. Um, I have to relearn it all and I've been relearning it all in the trenches, but, uh, yeah. Yeah.

I mean, it's going to be interesting to track. The price is remarkably stable for, like, I would have thought everyone just dumped it and it became worthless. And the price is basically hovered around four bucks for the last several days and with a few pops and a few drops, but like, generally pretty, pretty stable.

I just like, it's interesting to think about centralization and decentralization. Cause when you think about the biggest companies within, within the crypto and web three landscape, you know, the ones that have like really made it institutionally, they're still centralized, like Coinbase, open C they're centralized. And so this is kind of scary, like, cause you can have these attacks that are somewhat successful.

I mean, I would qualify this as successful at this point, um, that come from like truly decentralized positions and chip away at the veneer of these, um, of these centralized players. So it's kind of interesting. It's definitely gonna be one to track.

And, um, you know, in this era where like memes and, um, you know, the internet virality, you know, kind of own the zeitgeist. Um, it's a, it's a very telling reminder of, um, you know, not being complacent. Like earlier in the week I wrote about, um, the Icarus paradox and like not, not flying too close to the sun and getting complacent and hubris.

And I think like web theory is a perfect example of where you have to really be careful about that to the point you made earlier. Totally. Yeah.

We're, we're, we've moved from means of production to memes of production. That's a good segue to, to who we have in today. I feel like you teed that up pretty well.

Um, memes of production. I like that. I like that.

And, you know, we're, we're going to bring our guest into jam. Um, and that's a perfect transition because what meme has owned the internet and the zeitgeist over the last really two years, is more than doge coin. Um, the joke cryptocurrency that took over the world.

Um, so we've got Billy Marcus who will not be on video because, um, he avoids, uh, showing his face publicly due to, uh, security concerns, which I don't blame him for because there is a dark side of the internet. Um, but super, super excited to have him in with us and, uh, get to talk. I, I mean, I need to get the story of doge cause there's some just absurdity along the way in that, but then, you know, talk about in the new era of investing meme investing, you know, the funniest outcome wins and, uh, dive into all of this memes of production.

I loved your comment there. Totally. I'm excited to talk to him.

I've never, like, I follow him on Twitter, uh, which is an awesome follow. I don't, you know, I've, I haven't done like, to be honest, much research on him. Um, I'm just looking forward to chatting with him and hearing, hearing like, what is his, um, like, why did he start it?

You know, how, how does he, how does he see, you know, meet, you know, memes of production? What does he think of this, of airdrops? I'm curious of that too.

Um, and just, yes, see if he's a cool guy or not. It's going to be fun. Shibatoshi Nakamoto on Twitter.

I think his at is something different, but that's what his name is. So he's got to be pretty funny. Cause I do think that's a, that's a funny name.

Um, let's bring him in and, uh, let's dive in on this now. He's coming in. Hey, you there, Billy.

Hey, can you hear me? Yeah, we can hear you, man. What's going on?

I hear a lot of weird noise. Oh, I don't like our voices. That's our voices.

No, no. It's like a, like yelling, like, Hey, I don't know. Uh, let me put this next to the mic.

I'm worried. Is it in your brain? Uh, hang on.

It might be from my, oh, my God. It is from my, I was looking at some Twitter video. It was on loop.

It was a bunch of like people screaming like, Hey, God, I'm like, what? And it like happened to coincide exactly with like coming in here. So I was like, what the heck?

Anyway, I was like, holy shit, man. Billy's having a paranoid attack. Isn't a good start.

It's going to be a great start. And this will be an awesome episode. I don't know.

Anyway, are you good now? Are we started? We're not starting the episode, right?

This is the, Oh, no, we started man. Cold open. No, no.

We can cut whatever you want out, man. We do whatever post production you want. So if you say anything that you didn't like, um, I did think that was pretty funny though, in general, Greg and I, Greg and I record, we record straight through.

So Greg and I were like recording before we like do a kind of opening jam and then bring someone in. But thank you so much for joining us, man. Yeah, no problem.

I hope you have a drink. Well, actually, it's pretty early your time. You're on the West Coast, right?

Yeah, it's two. And I still have a lot of work to do today. So man, no drinking it.

I do have water. So that's okay. Well, Greg's drinking a sparkling water.

I'm sitting here like the degenerate on the call drinking a whiskey. But it's cold in the Northeast, man. So I need it.

I need it right now. Yeah. What's your what's your drink choice in general?

I'm a bourbon guy. I like bourbon. I mean, I love tequila.

But tequila like on an evening in the cold Northeast on a Thursday night didn't feel right. So I'm drinking bourbon right now. Kentucky Owl bourbon whiskey.

Nice. Yeah, I like you, Billy. I like whiskey and Coke.

Uh, it's like if I just go to a bar and I have no creativity, I either say like, Hey, give me something that doesn't taste like alcohol or just whiskey and Coke. Simple man. I like it.

I like it. Well, dude, thank you. Um, thank you so much again for joining us.

Um, this is going to be fun. I mean, you and I have, like, I want to give a little bit of the background cause it's funny, but basically like Billy and my relationship is a, uh, classic of 2021, 2022, which is literally we met on Twitter. Like I meet everyone, Greg, you and I met on Twitter, like all of my favorite, you know, boyfriends and girlfriends are on Twitter.

Um, and I just like, I was drawn to, um, um, how kind of just like fun open, um, and, you know, just like openly sharing you were, you just had this like vivacious personality on Twitter. And I love that. And your name is Shibatoshi Nakamoto, which I find fucking hilarious.

Um, and so I started just like interacting with you, we were DMing, and then we talked about bringing you on. And, uh, you know, you mentioned that you don't do like public appearances for security reasons, which I totally get. Um, but just so stoked to have you here and get to jam more on, you know, meme investing, the story of Doge, your background and, and just get into it.

Yeah. It sounds fun. I know you as the guy on Twitter who posts really long threads that are smart, like 28.

It's better than the guy on Twitter who posts really long threads that are dumb. So I think some people probably think that of me too, which is fine. And I'll just mute them.

Um, but I appreciate you, man. You're the man. And I think we were racing to a million at one point and you were like, at actually Billy, uh, challenged me to a race to a million followers on Twitter.

He was at 940,000 and I was at 400,000 and challenged me to race. And honestly, the audacity to do that just made me respect him more. Um, so anyway, welcome to the show and thank you for joining us.

Yeah. I like challenges that I can, I can win easily. Yeah.

Smart man. Just bet on things, you know, you can win. So can you, can we just start, and this is not an interview, um, very informal and feel free to curse and have a blast, but like, can you just tell people like what your background is, who you are, like how you kind of came to, you know, kind of came to be the founder of what you ended up building?

Uh, sure. I'm, I'm just a software guy, uh, who've played video games all my life. I'm just grew up a nerd and kind of an internet troll.

Um, on AOL, I would like, you know, impersonate guides and be a douche and then, uh, moved on to different message boards and was a douche there. Uh, and then grew up a little bit, but still have that, you know, inner douche in me. Um, so when I came to like learned about cryptocurrency, I like, you know, saw, uh, the Bitcoin talk forums, I think, uh, is what it was called, uh, in like 2013.

And was this like on Reddit or where was it? No, it is, it's actually a forum called Bitcoin talk. That was like where in 2013, that was where the like hub of all of Bitcoin talk was.

And I was like, well, this is fascinating. People are like using their idle CPU cycles to make money. I want to make money.

Uh, so I, you know, try to learn how to mine and then, uh, eventually learned that it took way more power to mine than you could get. Cause Bitcoin at that time was like a hundred bucks, uh, a Bitcoin. I also have very embarrassing trades on Coinbase that are like me purchasing like 10 Bitcoin.

And then like three days later, me selling the 10 Bitcoin for like $20 profit and me like, yeah, totally earned that. Did you, uh, like on, on the forum, did you make a lot of friends or were you kind of just solo doing your own thing, building by yourself? That is not a form.

Bitcoin talk was not a form to make friends and meet people. It was just a, you know, a form to talk about how great you are or how great, whatever, uh, dumb alt coin that you're making is going to be. And then people trying to mine it.

Um, and then other people just, you know, speculating on whatever they think the price is going to be in the future and stuff like that. So kind of Twitter now, I guess. This makes me think of, um, like early days, Silk Road, by the way.

Um, I don't know if you guys have ever read that book. Um, I think it's called American Kingpin. It's actually one of my favorite, um, pieces of nonfiction I've read in the last five, 10 years.

So if anyone hasn't read it, it's worth a read, but it's basically the story of, um, Silk Road, which was like, for anyone that doesn't know it, it was like the Amazon of, um, you know, kind of illicit activity at the time. And most of the transactions were through Bitcoin. So people were buying drugs and unfortunately, you know, weapons and different things on there, but it was like the ultimate libertarian, um, you know, government can't control what you do.

This is an open marketplace and you could buy with Bitcoin. And it was like part of the early ethos of the Bitcoin internet, um, was running through, um, through Silk Road. And honestly, like, I think a lot of the bad rep that people have, um, applied to crypto still goes back to what, you know, their kind of predisposition was around it with Silk Road.

But this guy, the founder of it, who was like, you know, Jeff Bezos founded all, founded Amazon, this guy, Ross Albrecht founded Silk Road is in jail for life. Um, you know, based on a handful of different things and, you know, different people will tell you different things about what he did, but super worth reading the book. Um, but this guy's in jail for life for founding this thing that, you know, it was ostensibly a marketplace where people happened to do illegal things.

Um, but a fascinating story of like early days of Bitcoin and, and some of the stuff that was happening in the utility of it early on. Yeah, absolutely. The primary utility in 2013 of, of, of cryptocurrency was illegal gambling or illegal purchase of drugs and weapons and whatever other terrible things.

And yeah. And, you know, just speculation in general. So that was like the scene in 2013.

And then there's all these alt coins, uh, that were usually like based on Litecoin, uh, the script based, uh, which were a little easier to mine with a graphics card. Like they hadn't been solved. Like at that time, uh, ASIC miners, the specialized computers, uh, that are used to mine Bitcoin or mine, uh, uh, Litecoin right now.

Um, we're only good for Bitcoin. And so there are a whole bunch of coins that if you had a fancy graphics card, like I did that you could mine it with your, uh, graphics card and get a decent amount of them. So that's how I started learning about these.

So was it like, was it really like gamers then just people that had these fancy graphic cards? Not really. Like, uh, so that ties into like, uh, when I found all of these coins and like all of the like different coins that people had, uh, made, it was like, oh, these are all dumb.

Like I could probably learn how to make one of these. They seem like they're all the same. And I found a guide, uh, for how to do it.

And it was like, you know, take Litecoin, change seven parameters and recompile it. And then you have your own stupid crypto coin. So I was like, okay, cool.

So I had just been playing animal crossing a lot. Um, and in 2013, no one knew what animal crossing was. And I released bells coin.

This is my first cryptocurrency. Uh, my only other one other than dogecoin and no one knew what it was like. Literally no one on Bitcoin talk forms had any idea what animal crossing was.

They're like, what is this? It looks like a cartoon. I'm like, it's from a game, you know, bells like from animal crossing.

Like, no, it's this stupid. Like it won't make me rich. I'm like, okay.

So it just died like almost right away. So what that, what year was that? Yeah.

That was 2013 that you did that. Yeah. That was like mid 2013.

Okay. And then, yeah, after that, I was like, well, crypto or like, obviously I can just retire from this. I don't want to get yelled at by random people.

Um, but then, uh, Bitcoin does that exist? Does bells coin still exist anywhere? I'm like Googling frantically.

Cause I've never heard of it, but I like, I need to find this now. It does exist in the form of dogecoin. Cause, uh, Bitcoin or, uh, dogecoin is forked directly from bells coin.

Oh, okay. So you got to walk us through it, man. Okay.

Go, go from here. Okay. So no one knew about bells coin.

You started this thing. It was a joke. Yeah.

How did this fork into, into doge? So like, I don't know, two or three months later, uh, I like Bitcoin just crashed and I went into some like IRC channel that was like, oh, why did Bitcoin crash? Oh, it's cause China's stuff, which, you know, is the same story now.

And, uh, uh, someone linked to dogecoin.com and was like, ha ha, this is going to be the next big thing. And I clicked on it and, uh, Jackson Palmer on the other side of the earth in Australia had like, just put up this site, um, with a, like dogecoin, uh, picture and like, uh, all these like pop-ups, comic sans, like, wow. And blah, blah, blah.

You can see it in an archive.org, um, from 2013 still. And, uh, it just said in the bottom, if you want to make this a reality, like hit me up. And I was like, I want to make this a reality cause I know how to make cryptocurrency.

Uh, so yeah, I just took the next couple hours and, uh, like all I wanted to do was, uh, change the regular Bitcoin client, uh, to be comic sans font and then like have some custom stuff on it. Like, uh, instead of mining, it was like dig and other stupid things like that. And like change some of the, the font or the, the icons.

Um, and then, yeah, that, that was it. It was just like this silly, ridiculous thing. It's like, haha, we're going to make dogecoin.

It's going to totally take over the world. LOL. And then we released it.

And then, and then stuff happened. What was it that you, sorry, go ahead. Yeah.

When you, um, when you say like, you know, you thought it was going to take over the world. Do you mean like you thought it was going to take over like the current, you know, small crypto world? Or did you actually think like, like, did you have a vision of like, you know, and you know, today like post Malone's buying like board apes and visas adding, you know, crypto.

And it's just like, it's, it's, it's, it's mainstream. I'm just curious. Like, did you and Jackson like, how you know, have some foresight to, Oh no, we had no foresight whatsoever.

And not only that, it was just complete joke. It was just like, this, this thing's going to die in like a couple of days. It's obviously stupid.

No, one's going to buy this. Like, this is just a gag. Cause it was funny, but like, it was functional.

It was just a fork of an existing coin that already worked. So we knew it'd work. It's just like, like no one cares about this.

And then that wasn't true. A lot of people cared about it instantly. And obviously like, you know, you're talking about the, the current scene with NFTs and all this stuff is like, no, no way we would have thought anything like this would happen.

It was, it was all just a bunch of nerds, like being silly with each other back. It was basically a drop. Basically what you're saying is it was like a drop, you know, it's like, we were talking, like I saw your thread on mischief, that company that does those drops every week.

It's basically that you basically were like, let's have some fun. I'm going to like change a few things, add a story to it and press compile and go to sleep. And then you wake up and it's just, you know, it starts spreading.

Yeah, pretty much. It's fascinating to look at the chart though. Like I've got the chart up of all time.

And so like, what year was that, that you actually did the drop that you released it? December 8th, 2013. Okay.

So I'm looking at the chart and basically like, I can't even give you what the scent was for a single doge because it's too many decimals. Like it was December. Okay.

So on December 28th, I can't really quite zoom in on January 1st, 2014. So a few weeks later, it was at 0.0003. And my eyes are like glazing over because of the number zeros.

And basically for, you know, from then until there was a little spike in 2018, when it got up to almost one cent, which is like probably a huge jump. I mean, you must've been at that point, like the 24 hour volume was $300 million. Like you must've been thinking this is wild.

Um, and that felt crazy. And then in January, 2018, it crossed into one cent territory, but then it went back down and it was below a cent. And then all of a sudden, like I'm pulling up the chart in 2021, the thing goes from, you know, on January 1st, it's under a penny.

And it goes from there over the span of that month, basically like by February 1st, it's at seven cents. And from there it goes from seven cents to by May, almost what, like 70 cents, 75 cents. It goes up to like what, I mean, what are you thinking as this is happening?

Uh, so I sold all my cryptocurrency in 2015. Like when there's this big bear market included. Yeah.

Bitcoin, like I had a bunch of Bitcoin, a bunch of light coin. And I was just like, whatever, uh, like this, this is a bear market was like three years, uh, at that point. So, you know, the people freak out now if it's like two days of bear markets, like, Oh God, this is the worst.

It's like, and then they make fun of anybody who sells during it. It's like, yeah, try three years. They're having a bear market for three years and seeing if you like, you know, want to hang on to it.

Uh, and basically I had, uh, uh, I got laid off from my job and then like, I was like kind of panicking because I was watching my bank account go down. Uh, I had moved to California, so my rent was like pretty expensive. Uh, so I was like, Oh, that's right.

I have all this like cryptocurrency. So I just got rid of all of it and got the cash and felt a little more comfortable, which was a terrible thing. Um, but, uh, yeah.

So basically when all this stuff happened, like 2018 happened and like crypto was going crazy and all the ICOs were happening and my friends knew about it. So they'd be like, Oh, what do you think of this? I'm like, Oh my gosh, like this is pain.

This is like, I mean, it's fine. Like, you know, good for it. Good for people who are in the space.

But for me, it's like, Oh, that sucks. That's, Oh my God. Okay.

So I need, okay. Well, I don't mean to add insult to injury here. Um, at all, but like I read an article and so, so like just the general background on this, I find incredible because you're out here, you're still clearly a public figure.

You're doing fine. You have a job, like things are, things are good. Um, and Elon Musk follows you on Twitter, which like basically no one can say.

So like, I need to bow down to you as a result of that. So if Elon is out there actually, and he sees this episode, um, that would be great as well. Cause I think he'll find it hilarious.

But I, I did see an article, um, when I was researching for this about the fact that you sold all your Dogecoin and, um, you bought a car. And when I was looking at it, I was like, okay, so you, you know, you sold your Dogecoin, you bought a car. Uh, I think it was a Honda civic in the article, which who knows, maybe they're, maybe they're making it exciting for the article, CNBC, whatever it was.

Uh, but then like during the spike in 2021, that Dogecoin that you sold would have been worth enough to buy Honda. And it cracked me up when I saw it, because it was such an example of the absurdity of some of these things where, I mean, there was like no rhyme or reason to it. The memes control the world.

Like Elon Musk went on, I think it was Joe Rogan's podcast near maybe a clubhouse room or something where he talks about like, um, you know, he who controls the memes controls the world, like the Dune line. Um, and it really, all of a sudden, I mean, it took over in 2021, um, where like meme, you know, like Greg called it memes of production. Um, it's so fascinating to me though, to see it in real time and to see it with, you know, a case study like this with, with what you went through.

Yeah. A couple of things with that. Uh, so the Honda civic thing is hilarious because it's usually a picture of Jackson, my co-founder and then saying like, Billy Marcus sold all his holdings for a Honda civic.

And that was like kind of a misquote because I didn't want to say the exact amount. It was about like $10,000. So I'd say like, uh, about as much as I sold all my crypto for about as much as, you know, cost a buyer used Honda civic.

And then that just became the meme. It was like picture of Jackson control the world. Yeah.

The meme strikes again, the meme strikes again. Yeah. Exactly.

Well, that is, I mean that low, like the, it's such a classic like media thing, like click baity headline of like sold and bought Honda bought used Honda civic could have bought all of Honda. It's such an absurd. I mean, I get it.

I get why they do it. Actually. It does drive clicks.

I clicked on it. Yeah. I think it's kind of funny.

So sometimes I just roll with this. Like, yeah. People are like, how's your Honda?

I'm like, I don't know. Never had one. Never had one before.

My father wants to sponsor me. Like I'm, I'm down whatever. Yeah.

It is funny. We talked on one of our first episodes, Greg, you remember this, um, like talking about, um, it was like the idea of like lost porn and like man in the arena stuff with Howard in that first episode that we dropped when you know, like we all now, everyone loves to share gains and like talk about their amazing wins and things like that. But it's so interesting because now I think like Reddit, you know, with wall street bets, people are actually sharing their like massive L's and the things that they sold to earlier, the big L's they're taking.

And it's become like a point of pride for a lot of people to kind of share those. Um, and I find, I mean, I think it's like healthy actually, um, societally that people are doing more of that. Billy, Billy, do you, do you see it as an L?

Cause like I look at it and I'm like, how many people get to like create a meme and spread it, you know, that for, well, I mean, first of all, it's enduring, like it's been years at this point and, you know, hundreds of millions of people have seen it. I'm just curious, like, how do you feel? I don't mean, I don't mean, you know, how do you feel about it all?

Um, uh, so in terms of the, the lost porn part of it, or just that as part of culture, uh, I agree that that I think that's a good thing, uh, that people are like more realistic about it. It's not like, oh, we always just make money. Cause everything goes up all the time.

I think it's good that there's a reasonable thought of like, this is pretty much gambling. Um, in terms of like what I think, uh, it's just weird. Like it from, from my position, I just kind of made something eight years ago.

And then eight years later it went crazy. And Elon Musk was talking about it. I'm like, okay, like, it's just a very like, like, all right, I guess I'm in this position now.

And then like, when I tweet stuff and people are responding to me, I'm like, that's weird. Like people are listening to me. I'm just some nerd, like sitting in my underwear most of the time or on the toilet, tweeting random prep.

So it, it's just, it's like, I, it's kind of like, but that's what I love about the internet. That's like, that's the amazing thing about the world we live in too. Like, dude, I mean, I'm looking at it, I'm pulling it up right now.

You created something, which I mean, how many people in the world can say this, you created something that today has a market cap of $22.4 billion and traded $2 billion of volume. Um, I texted my friend, um, uh, David McDonough is the founder of this business common stock. That's an awesome, you know, free platform for investment knowledge.

They're a supporter of the show because he gets a ton of retail investing data through their, through their platform and the integrations. And he said that doge was the, over the past 12 months, the fourth most traded asset across all retail brokers and exchanges. And it was, it beat out, by the way, it beat out apple, Amazon, and the spy index, the S and P 500.

Um, it was literally behind Tesla, Bitcoin and Ethereum. Um, which Tesla is like a meme in and of itself, obviously. So, I mean, it shows, it goes to show though, like what you did create, whether or not you profited from it as, you know, as much as anyone would have liked, I mean, it's pretty insane.

Like the numbers on it are bananas. Yeah. Uh, I remember seeing a graph of like the most searched thing in the United States, uh, for various ports of time in, during the year on Google and dogecoin, like, like April, May and part of June was the most searched thing.

Like in the entire United States, which is like, Oh, okay. This is like, everyone knows what it is now. Um, I just had like an anecdote actually, uh, when I first came to California, there was a dogecoin, uh, hackathon and I wasn't invited or like, I just kind of came as a whim.

And like, I went there and, uh, they were like, Oh, are you on those lists? I'm like, no, but I'm Billy Marcus. And they're like, uh, okay.

I'm like, yeah, like I made dogecoin and they're like, Oh, okay. And like, you know, eventually let me in, but it's like, they didn't, no one knew what it was. Like, it wasn't a thing that's like a common knowledge.

And now it is like, uh, most people know, or I've heard of dogecoin and have some side, either an opinion on it, or think it's like, like what the heck was going on. I know that that's true because I said it before I came in to record this. I told my wife, I was recording an episode and I was like, Hey, just, just so you know, I'm filming something.

And she's like, Oh, who are you chatting with? And I was like, Billy Marcus. Uh, and she was like, Oh, who's that?

I said the founder of dogecoin. She was like, is that that dog cryptocurrency? And my wife knows nothing about this stuff.

And I was like, yeah. And she's like, Oh, so-and-so like my friend was buying a bunch of it. And I was just like, okay.

So it clearly has entered the zeitgeist because my wife does not touch any of this stuff or know anything about it, but she knew what it was. So yes, you've definitely, uh, you've definitely crossed the chasm as it were. Yeah, that's cool.

And also like, uh, most of the companies that I've worked for, cause I've worked for a lot of startups, uh, since coming to California, like every once in a while, I think like, huh, the thing I made in a couple hours is worth more than this company. I mean, it's worth more than a lot of companies, by the way. I mean, $22 billion, no joke.

The trading volume is what's bananas to me too. I mean, $2 billion today is, um, it's just crazy. Like, do you, do you ever think, and I, again, I'm not like trying to rub, rub this in, like, do you think about the fact that you like, it would be worth billions of dollars today, you're, you're staking it, or is it just something that you're like, yeah, I mean, it's so long ago and you created and it was a joke and it still is a joke.

I mean, you're, it's like openly a joke, but it became a meme. Um, do you think about it ever? Uh, so my, my personal stake would have like at max out about 6 million, uh, this because of like, uh, when those articles came out, they're like, oh, uh, let's take the entire market cap of Dogecoin and attribute it to Billy Marcus.

It's like, yeah, that's not how it works. Yeah. But, uh, to your point though, like, uh, I think it was, uh, I wouldn't call it like, like terrible, but it was just kind of like, like my mom was struggling, uh, last year, uh, with like house payments essentially.

And, uh, it was like, oh, I can, I can help you, but like, it's kind of difficult for me, uh, to, you know, pay for your, your mortgage while, uh, also paying for all my expenses in California. So when Dogecoin was getting unpopular, it's like, yeah, I could have, you know, done it easily if I just had this. Um, but fortunately I was able to make it up by selling NFTs and stuff and, uh, was able to pay off her house.

And so that was like everything I would have ever wanted. So at this point, everything's gravy. Like, doesn't, you know, I have a great decent job and everything's fine.

So, uh, I don't really have any regrets or anything. Right. You got a million people.

Um, yeah, yeah. People hitting like buttons and, and sometimes getting something amazing about it. That's like, um, I don't know.

I mean like memes control the world in a very, this is like the most visceral example of that, that, um, you created something. And honestly, there was no reason other than like Elon Musk starts tweeting about it. People start thinking it's funny.

I saw someone recently say that like the funniest outcome is the most likely outcome now, um, with all of these things. And I think about it now a lot with investing of like, are, is this company like, are there memes and virality that happen around this company? And like, I, um, I've talked to Greg about this before.

Like I I'm a big believer in this new asset class around like event contracts. And I invested in this platform called Calci that is like the only CFTC regulated platform and their whole thing, you know, like what I'm trying to talk to them about is like, there's so much interesting memeable content here where people are trading on these like binary events and you're getting into things and there's these like crazy charts of when things are swinging and like harnessing memes now has to be a core strategy at some of these companies that are trying to grow because all of a sudden you can just, you know, shoot things to the moon out of the blue from just capturing the zeitgeist at one moment in time. Yeah, I would like memes are the language of the internet essentially.

And I think, you know, the, the previous term for all this stuff was virality, right? Like the cheapest marketing is to have something go viral and the cheapest and most effective and often really scary for companies to have to try to scale after they go viral. I'm like, oh no, like a jillion people are looking at my stuff.

So, uh, I think in that way it makes sense. Like if like, uh, one thing I noticed in general is if I'm trying to express a point on Twitter with my 280 characters, usually if it's nuanced, it's like pretty hard and you know, people, people will read your threads cause you, you do a good job of like prefacing it with like what you want to say and getting people interested with your, you know, 19 things of whatever. But, uh, minor, like, you know, like here are three, three tweets in a row and like no one understands it.

But if I make a meme, people understand it is like, oh, okay. Like the, the picture is worth a thousand words. Uh, it gives all this context and it's just like way more efficient at expressing what you want to say.

Uh, so I really do think means memes are powerful and like, can't be denied. Just, just like, you know, being viral is really, really important in marketing. Billy, what is a meme?

Can you, you know, for all the people listening, like how do you define a meme? Uh, there's like the, the, you know, like old school definition of a meme, which is just like any idea that's spread, uh, essentially. So like everything's a meme.

Um, but, uh, like memes nowadays are more just like, like a picture, uh, or an image of some sort that expresses something that's usually kind of funny or kind of true, uh, in a, in a way that is easy to comprehend very quickly. Um, yeah, I don't really know if that's a good definition, but it's kind of how, how I think of a definition at the moment. And like doge, doge meme.

Yeah. I'm sorry. It captures in an image, something that, you know, a bunch of words couldn't say.

Yeah. Um, and it doesn't have to be an image. I don't think, right.

Like, I think like to me, a meme is a spreadable idea. The format could be a video. It could be an image.

It could be, you know, a letter. Would you say, Billy, would you say you're like, um, you understand, like when it comes to, you know, nerd culture, programming culture, you're kind of like an expert, like you, you, you understand that culture really well. So you can create memes for them really well.

Would you say that? No, I mean, not necessarily. I think if you're obsessed with something, uh, for example, I was like really into Starcraft two for a while, so I could make Starcraft two memes because I understood like the nuance of that particular subculture.

I think that's where memes are like, I can make doge coin memes now, or like crypto memes right now, because it has a very specific subculture and like people can relate to specific things if I, if I make them in a meme image. Um, so that's what I agree. So I think that, I think the reason you were able to create doge coin in two hours is because you had such a deep connection and understanding of that community that it was just second nature to you.

That's what I think. What do you think Billy? Um, so he's, he's humble, man.

He's humble. He doesn't want to give himself credit for it. Be honest.

That's my outside perspective. My outside perspective is like, like, like you knew, or, you know, you and Jackson knew that like that dog had a good chance of, um, and the name and just like the whole bit and all the nuances that you said in this, in the contract and like the words here and the words there together that had a good chance of spreading. Not, not quite.

Like it was, it was like a, it was more of a feeling of this has to exist than a feeling of like, this will work and this will be popular because the Bitcoin community at that time had no sense of humor whatsoever. It's just like, you know, the, the least funny community in history. So like that having something that's supposed to be funny, like what, like, I wouldn't think that would work in that context, but it had, uh, excitement outside of that little like subculture.

So it actually, this is true in my opinion is that Dogecoin has done an amazing service to the cryptocurrency community of like getting more people into cryptocurrency than ever would have if Bitcoin was just Bitcoin and like those people that were really into it. That's a great point. Yeah.

It provided, I mean, it's a lot of what companies are trying to do now. It's like providing rails. The memes provided rails into this new world and it provided like a logical on-ramp to the point where my wife is talking about cryptocurrency, um, as a good example of it, like normal people on the street, my parents probably know what Dogecoin is and that's interesting.

And that's like hugely, hugely valuable to the space. And so again, to your point on like what you created having lasting value, it's interesting. I want to pitch you guys on an idea I've been having.

And this like meme conversation is so ripe for exactly what I'm talking about. We're talking about memes control the world. Like memes are driving massive flows of money.

Memes are, um, influencing behavior. So my idea is why don't you go and roll up these meme accounts, like go and find the best meme accounts that exist on Twitter, on Instagram, on Tik TOK, like Parik Patel on Twitter, love Parik. They'll like Greg guy that did the no way Jose thing to Jose Canseco.

Um, uh, lit quiddity, um, on Instagram and on Twitter, like these people that are capturing the, uh, set of emotions, the zeitgeist that are really good at just like over and over again, putting out, um, these memes that capture attention. They have so much collective clout individually. They're like, sort of small and sub scale.

I'm not sure there's a ton of like monetization there, but if you could roll them up, even if you like de facto brought them into a partnership together, you could, I think, sway, you know, individual kind of companies, trajectories, perception, uh, you know, markets around things. If you actually like brought together the collective clout of these meme accounts. So why not go and like roll them up, go and like, like create a fund and go and either buy or like, you know, kind of have them roll a stake into a collective entity where you can then just go like leverage the power of memes to move markets.

And it's, I don't mean move markets in like an illegal context. I literally mean, you know, they all go get behind an individual company and they're creating memes around it. I think you could genuinely drive and accelerate outcomes for those companies.

That's interesting. I would, uh, I would push back only like in general, I think the idea makes sense. Uh, my pushback is that I think what attracts people to accounts like that are they aren't trying to do anything specific other than be funny.

And if one of those accounts like just decided to like, like, okay, my, you know, my riffs that I do all the time that are funny are now Ford. And I will just talk about Ford and make Ford memes that would like kind of tank the value of the account. It'd be like, okay, that's just like the Ford chill.

And that's kind of, uh, not as interesting. Not that that, that is exactly what you're saying, but like, it's, it's like with Reddit marketing, like, uh, there's a lot of people that want to market on Reddit, but you can't just like go in there and like, Hey, everyone, buy my stuff. You have to like, make it funny or make it viral in some way.

Otherwise, no one cares about it. Because they want things to come off authentically and not like, you know, you're part of the man type thing. So I think it's, yeah.

Have you heard of, uh, doing things media? Have you guys heard of that one? Uh-uh.

They own like middle class, fancy shithead Steve, um, like a bunch of these brands trash can Paul. I'm looking at cats doing things. Um, they have a similar model where they buy the accounts.

And what they do is they keep, usually it's like a 15 year old guy in his basement. Uh, but they keep that person on, you know, on board. Um, so they, Sahil, they apply your strategy around like, let's go buy accounts, but they're very, like, it's basically, they're combining Sahil, your idea with Billy's kind of like, but keep it, keep it, you know, pure.

Billy, what you're basically saying is like, the purity rules everything in meme land. And I totally agree with that. Um, at late checkout, our company, um, we, we actually create, uh, accounts around memes all the time.

So we created, um, something called, I need plants. I don't know if I ever told you about this. I remember this.

Go for it. This is awesome. Um, so yeah, we, we created an account, um, that got hundreds of thousands of followers.

You can follow it on, uh, you know, on multiple platforms, but on one platform, I like the best Instagram. I think it has almost a hundred thousand followers and it's just plant memes. You know, people are stuck at home and they're talking about plants.

And it's like, once you have this plant account and, and these people are like, so into plants, you can create a lot of businesses on top of it, right? Like you can go and create, you know, an NFT project. You can create plant coin and start airdropping, I don't know, stuff into them.

You can create a DTC plant company. I think like once, once you control the attention, um, there is a lot you can do, but it's tough to, to remain pure. Yeah.

Yeah. I do think the, um, the purity point, I, it totally resonates with me. And I think that's the challenge of it.

I just think about it in the context of like my own experience with meme accounts, like this Dr. Parikh Patel account on Twitter. Um, I, I know the actual person behind it now.

And a lot of people recently have been saying that they think that I am the person behind the account, which I find hilarious. Cause I wish I was that funny and like, and, and innovative. And I honestly wish I had that much time to do what he's done.

Um, but he, he and I have this whole back and forth thing of like each other's wives. That's like funny, kind of like, you know, below bar humor and like, you know, college humor, but like, he'll comment on something I posted and be like, Oh yeah, this is why your wife left you or something like that. And he'll get like, he won't ratio me, but he'll get like 700 likes on something like that.

And for me, it's like, people hit me up and be like, dude, you should tell him to delete that. Like, that's terrible that he got you like that. And for me, I'm like, dude, that actually just drove, he has five, 400,000 followers that drove so many new impressions to the thing that I had.

And like, I don't care if a bunch of people like that. It's funny. Like, I think he's funny and it's a hilarious thing.

Um, but it drove so many more eyes to me. So I almost think that like, you don't even need to have them shilling the product. Like if it's Ford, you could have someone like that going in under the Ford product and being like, delete this, this is dumb or like making fun of it.

And, you know, like trying to ratio the accounts and it would still drive so many net new eyes to it that you'd have this like net positive effect in the aggregate, um, created by something that was still genuine to the account. Yeah. I, I did notice like when I think, you know, May, uh, April, May time period, uh, when my account was very popular or very high engagement, if I just like commented on someone's tweet that I thought was funny, it would like, like raise up a lot.

And then kind of the, you know, the same thing happens to me. If Elon Musk likes one of my tweets, it's basically like this weird validation loop that happens where it's like, like, I made a tweet, I thought it was funny and like, no one cared. And then, you know, three hours later, Elon Musk likes it.

And all of a sudden, like, it gets like 30,000 likes. I'm like, okay. It's like, much people like, well, if Elon Musk liked it, it must be funny type type feeling too.

Well, it pops up in all of his, he has 69 million followers. Right. Nice.

Nice. Um, nice. And he, when he likes it, it pops up onto a bunch of those peoples, you know, maybe not 69 million.

Maybe it's like, uh, I don't know, like 42 million or something like that. People see it and they get, um, you know, a thing that says like this pops up. And so now people that didn't see it do see it.

My biggest triumph of this entire year, by the way, of like the last 12 months was he commented on one of my things and I successfully defended getting ratioed and did not get ratioed by Elon Musk. And so that was like my number one triumph on Twitter of the last year, because he, when he comes in and comments on things like he blasted Jeff Bezos and ratioed the hell out of him on something. And I was like, it was one of the funniest things I saw on Twitter last year, like the back and forth between the two of them with the little, he did the like silver medal when he passed him in net worth.

Um, and I don't know. I mean, yes. Like, I, I think it's, it's fascinating though.

And I think there's, there's something from a business standpoint to rolling up these accounts that are like individually, not particularly valuable and collectively have a lot of clout that could drive, you know, real value. Yeah. The thing you, the thing you can do, uh, also is cross promote in like a, in a pure way when you have the network.

Um, Billy, what were you saying? Oh, like that. And now you're making me paranoid.

Cause I just, uh, today got a million followers and now I'm thinking like, congratulations, man. What a day. You won the bet by the way.

Congratulations. Yeah. I came here just to, you know, to gloat, uh, but yeah, now it's like, oh no, like every, every random stupid thing that I'm liking might show up on a million people's feeds.

I'm like, oh no, I better be more stingy. Wow. Look at you, dude.

You also follow 420 people, by the way. Nice. You follow 420 and you're followed by 1 million.

This is like a screenshotable thing right now. Shibatoshi Nakamoto at Billy M2K. Um, man.

Yeah. That is a beautiful thing. If you fall like it's, I mean, once you follow 420 people and you're followed by 69 million, that would be slightly nicer, but you've got a little ways to go.

Yeah. Uh, I actually have to unfollow somebody to follow someone new because I don't, I don't want to get rid of my 20. Yeah.

I don't want to get rid of that. I think Elon Musk should go on a follow spree actually and get to like, uh, now he's at 70 million. He grew.

Uh, that's unfortunate. He could have, he had a real memeable moment there. If he got to 420 following and 69 million at the same time.

Dude, he went from 69 million to like 7 million or 70 million really fast. Yeah. That was like, they always say the first million's the hardest Billy.

Yeah. By a Billy 1 million. Have you ever seen, speaking of memes, have you ever seen that meme where like Drake, I think it was Drake tweeted, um, the first million's the hardest and T Boone Pickens tweeted back at him saying, uh, the first billion is even harder or something like that.

I thought that was the funniest thing. I was like, he was like, try the first billion or something. It was like the most unnecessary flex, but also hilarious that T Boone Pickens was tweeting at Drake.

Yeah. T Boone Pickens. He's like the oil guy from like the 40s or something.

Totally. I think he passed away. He's the late oil guy from there, but yeah, I mean like complete business legend, but like total savage for coming at Drake that way.

So, um, further to the point on memes, um, man, I, uh, I had a blast. Uh, wait, wait, Billy, what do you do now? What do you do now?

Like, what is, what is the day to day in, in, in, Billy? That's true. Actually, I feel like we don't even know the end of the story, not the end of the story, the middle of the story.

I just, I just work in like, you know, I'm, uh, uh, working at home as a software engineer. I make a software or educational software for kids. Uh, so that's my day job.

And then, uh, while things are compiling or if I go to the bathroom or if I'm just like procrastinating, I'll just tweet. That's basically my life. This is all I do.

And why, uh, why not start like what's stopping you from starting a new project? Like, do you have that itch? Um, like you've started something it's, it's hit critical mask, you know, do you, and you have a million person following a million followers on the back of that.

Yeah. Any interest in starting something new? Yes.

But, uh, one thing I, I don't like about the cryptocurrency space in general, and this includes NFTs and every derivative of cryptocurrency is promising, like over promising. So, uh, I don't like to promise anything. I don't like to like hype things that I'm doing.

So like, I might be working on something, uh, on my own time or whatever, but if I do release something, I'll just release it when it's done or ready, because otherwise, you know, it is, it's really great. Like dogecoin literally was made to make fun of how many of these like dumb, same projects were out there hyping themselves up about how great they were going to be and how much they were doing. And none of them did anything like almost every single one of them died.

Uh, and dogecoin was the only one who made it because it had a community and, uh, uh, because it didn't make any promises because it was funny and fun. Like I made a community that like, uh, wanted to make it successful. So yeah.

You had me at community, Billy. Yeah. You said Greg's love word.

I mean, to be honest, Billy, like I think I, I stand by it. Like I stand by the fact that I think that you have a deep understanding of community and the community that you were in at the time and, and how to build memes for that particular community. Like you did it.

And I think that you did it once and I think you can do it again. I appreciate that. Yeah.

I would buy into your next thing. I will say that right now. So you may not hype it publicly, but if you are doing something new, I want to know about it.

I will message you every day about it. I know a lot of people who would be interested in backing whatever it is that you do next. Uh, you know, I, I'm very good at, uh, like getting interested in stuff before it becomes very popular and then getting uninterested in it, uh, before it explodes, uh, like e-sports or like magic cards or things like that and cryptocurrency.

So yeah, maybe, maybe I have something, uh, of my interest early that'd be interesting for people. Yeah. Billy, what, uh, what in the cryptocurrency space that is like, what's, what's unattractive to most in the cryptocurrency space that you find potentially attractive?

Like what, what are people sleeping on? Um, actually it's starting to become bigger now. Um, I do think there's something like, I played a lot of MMORPGs, uh, like World of Warcraft, um, and got sick of them and never wanted to play one again.

But the idea of like owning, uh, stuff from it and being able to like, sell it to other people, uh, I think is massive. So, uh, for example, there's, have you heard of VR chat? Mm-hmm.

Uh, so like VR chat is like a virtual world of like, I don't know, 4chan meets virtual reality. This is kind of like this crazy, uh, uh, virtual reality world. Uh, I basically see the future as VR chat, uh, with NFTs.

Uh, so VR chat, but like you own like whatever that you, you have on you and you can like show it off. Cause in World of Warcraft, like people literally would get certain pieces of gear and then stand around this place called iron forge. Um, and other people would like, I loved it.

Yeah. And then people would be like, where'd you get that cool mount? Or where'd you get that cool shoulder piece?

Like that was enough to make people feel cool about themselves. So imagine that plus like, yeah, this is like worth like 10,000 bucks and I could sell it. I own this.

It's not owned by Blizzard entertainment, but it's owned by me. So like, if I like 3d virtual goods, uh, being able to actually status signal, like it plays on a lot of human, human emotions, like natural biological things. Yeah.

And it's already proven, like it's already proven to work in video games. So like it will work. Um, the only problem right now is the gamers tend to hate NFTs.

Uh, so I think they're just going to be rebranded to like digital goods and then people decide that they like them, uh, not knowing that behind the scenes is blockchain tech and NFT tech and stuff. Yeah. It is super interesting.

I just pulled it up here while I was poking around. I was a, I was an OG, uh, world of Warcraft player. Um, funny, funny enough, like the Stanford baseball team, when I was there, um, especially my freshman year, you know, you like think, you know, jocks and like, you know, either not nerds and don't do all that kind of stuff.

And we were like on road trips, we were all like sitting on the floor of the bus and in rooms playing world of Warcraft on our laptops and being like, dude, dude, iron forge, like we got to go to do this quest, whatever it was. And it was a blast. And I actually still miss playing that game.

Yeah. What, what, what, uh, race and, and God, uh, geez, this is like, you're, you're dating me now. I'm not, I have no idea.

I have no idea. This is 09. Yeah.

Good, good company. Uh, Vitalik, uh, the creator of Ethereum. Um, he was a warlock in World of Warcraft and, uh, Blizzard nerfing siphon life was one of the reasons that he decided to make Ethereum.

He was like mad that the centralized group like had the control to nerf something. So he was like, well, these decentralization would be better. So he went on to fascinating.

We got to get him on an episode for this, Greg. We, uh, that's a good, it's a good call out. Yeah.

If you, um, I have two, two closing questions for you, Billy. Number one, um, if you could say one thing to Elon Musk that he might hear through this, what would you say? Oh, I don't know.

This is like, thank you for, uh, enjoying Dogecoin. Uh, thanks for, for having fun. I think to me, Elon Musk appreciates Dogecoin because it's silly and because it's ironic and because it's funny and fun, which is what I would like people to appreciate Dogecoin for not like just be like looking at the money that they potentially could make or could lose.

Cause that's kind of fun, but not, I don't know. It's kind of crazy. Uh, but you know, just like the fact that it's funny and has a community that's just interested in screwing around and making memes.

Um, I think he appreciates that about it. So I appreciate that. He appreciates it for the, yeah, he appreciates it for the pure reasons that you created it around, which is like, he likes it for what it is, which is, that's cool.

Um, last question that we ask everybody, um, five year predictions, like what are, what are your predictions for the future? Um, anything that jumps out to you that you think about for the future, it could be this, you know, thing around NFTs, VR chat, et cetera. Like what, what do you think, you know, five years from now, we're going to be, um, really excited about as a, uh, as a human race.

Oh man, that's so hard. Uh, so in terms of like crypto prices, uh, I always just answer with a shrug emoji. Cause I have no idea.

I sold in 2015. So it's not like I know anything about what, what's going to happen in the future. Um, but in terms of like, uh, what I think is cool, uh, it probably would be something related to, I do see, I don't think blockchains will take over games because not every game would be good with that.

There's a lot of problems with security and botting and all that stuff to that would ruin, uh, the, you know, purity of games themselves. But I do see blockchain gaming becoming, um, bigger, uh, in general and, you know, people wanting to like, just play video games and earn money, which was my dream when I was 12 years old. So I can just play video games for a living.

Yeah. Play to earn. I mean, we, we had, um, um, Alexis, we've talked to geo and Alexis who have both been, you know, around play to earn quite a bit, obviously it's a fascinating space.

I do think the, like getting people over getting gamers over the, um, apprehension around, you know, and consternation that they have around NFTs and around, you know, this space in general, I think is, is going to be key. It's interesting. Um, there's a lot happening.

It's a great, it's a great prediction. I think it's a, I think it's a good one. I know it's a hard question.

I got, uh, I appreciate it. I got one last question for you, Billy. Um, you mentioned, I mean, your stake would be worth $6 million or so today.

If you kept the, the doge, um, it's a, would you rather question? So would you rather have the $6 million in a bank account plus compound interest, but no one had would ever heard of you, Billy? You're no one like would know that you're the creator of Dogecoin or would you rather the, you know, used Honda amount of money, but you're in the same position you are today.

You've got a million followers. You're following for, you know, 420 people and Elon Musk sometimes likes your tweets. Um, I would rather have the 6 million bucks being anonymous.

I think like, like I, when I came back, um, to mention cause I was not on Twitter for a really long time. And then I just got a bunch of, you know, emails telling me to cap Dogecoin and like, it was really annoying. So I actually just came back to tell everyone to leave me alone.

Um, but then found it was kind of fun and there was some cool people on Twitter and I just kind of hung around and started shit posting, but like really like I would rather just have money and be anonymous and not have to deal with this to be fair. That's the best answer. I think, I think that was the best question.

Um, no, I'd take the million followers and I would take Billy's current situation for sure. Cause I think that, you know, he's like his current status if, uh, if he wanted to, and I don't think this is what motivates you, Billy, which is totally fine. I just think like, you know, you probably have $6 million of annual, you know, income embedded in the value of what you're, you know, what, where you exist today.

So I just, I don't think it's necessarily what motivates you and what you want to do and the way you want to approach things. But, um, I bet you could sell your, you know, your kind of influence and account for $6 million to somebody probably. So it's, uh, I don't know.

It's an interesting thing. I'm going to DM you about this, Billy, cause I do want to talk more about it. Cause I think it's interesting.

Uh, I want to change your mind on this answer that you just gave. Cause it like personally hurts me a little bit. Um, cause I think you're amazing.

And I think there's, I think you're way too humble for what you've done in your life as well, which I love. And I think it's, it's very endearing as well. Um, but man, I, I, you should, you should be very proud of, um, of some of this stuff that you've, uh, you've been able to accomplish in a short time.

Yeah. Well, uh, I, I think a lot of people have that feeling too, where it's like, oh, you have so much potential to do so much. And I'm like, I just want to play games and make video games, make music and have everyone leave me alone.

Well, it's why we like you, man. It's awesome. It was a blast getting to jam with you and hear more of the story, man.

You're, um, you're a legend and I'm congratulating you on winning our bet of reaching a million followers before me. It was a bullshit bet just to be totally honest. And I'm pissed.

I'll send you a doge coin so that you're not, you're not at zero, um, uh, as a, uh, as a payment on the loss there. Yeah. Well, let's, uh, let's race to 2 million then we can.

Okay. Let's race to 2 million. That's fair.

We can make a public wager on 2 million. Um, how about you own zero cryptocurrency? Let's do a decent amount of Ethereum.

Actually, no, I have none. Let's pretend I have none. So I don't have to make a large bet.

Let's do one ETH on 2 million. All right. That sounds good.

Okay. All right. Hopefully in the next two years, it'll force us to stay in touch too.

This is great. One ETH on who hits 2 million first. I'm a massive underdog.

Elon Musk. If you're out there, help me out. Give your boy a follow, uh, at Sahil Bloom on Twitter.

Help me get one ETH from Billy. Thank you. Sounds good.

Signing off. Thanks so much, Billy. Appreciate it.

From anywhere it happens. Thank you, Billy. The saying used to be let your game speak.

With Common Stock, it's about let your gains speak. I love Common Stock, love the platform, and have really been enjoying learning from other people on there. How does it work?

It's a platform for verified investment knowledge. So people are going and sharing their ideas, sharing their trades, but it's actually connected to their brokerage account. So you can see the results they're generating and see their actual track records over time.

So you're learning from people, not only the best investors, the Bill Ackmans, the Daniel Loeb's are on there, but also individuals who are actually going and putting their money where their mouth is on these trades. And you're learning alongside them and being taken on the journey. Is it just stocks?

There's everything now. There's going to be stocks. There's crypto.

We're in this crazy world where there's so many different investment opportunities, which just means there's so many opportunities to learn. And Common Stock is creating the platform for you to learn alongside the best. And also, as I said, let your gains speak.

So to level up your investing game today, check out commonstock.com. You won't regret it. CapChase is the financing solution for fast growing startups.

It lets companies access their revenue today so that they can reinvest in their business and grow and scale much quicker than they otherwise would be able to. Is it complex though? No, it's super easy to set up.

Only a couple of clicks. You can go through the process so quickly. There's no dilution ever.

And if you don't draw on the money, you don't have to pay any interest against it. It's a great solution for fast growing startups and they should all check it out today. So if you want to go look into it, go to capchase.com slash room.

Join our free community at trwih.com.