I was asked to speak at the War Room Mastermind, which is a $30,000 a year mastermind. I think it's a two or 300 person program run by Ryan Dice, Perry Belcher and Roland Frazier. And it's a great program.

And I was asked to speak on sales. I have given versions of this sales presentation a handful of times, but this is the best one that I think captured the audio and the visual and everything kind of put together and it's condensed into a 30 minute video. So I think you guys will absolutely enjoy this.

So if you're building your first sales script, if you're scaling a sales team, and you want to make sure that you can onboard new people and get them selling at the same percentage or better than you are right now, which for many people is biggest bottleneck, especially when you're coming to for your first million or first 3 million per year, scaling the sales team is one of the most difficult tasks. And so I've broken this down into three frameworks that I've used very successfully to scale lots of different sales teams. I say that the company I'm referencing in this video has 14, that one company already now has almost 30 sales guys.

So this process continued to work past when I made this presentation. So if you're trying to scale sales, you want to close a higher percentage, you want to get more guys closing at that same percentage, or better than yours. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Alex Ramosey on acquisition.com.

We have a portfolio at this moment of six companies to do $85 million a year. Keep being awesome. Love you and enjoy the video.

What I'm going to be breaking down today is the scripting process that we've applied for calls, right? And so as the world's worst marketer, I sent my first email this year. I was very excited about it.

We've been in business for 10 years, pretty big stuff. And it was because I couldn't get webinars. I couldn't get VSLs.

I couldn't get all the fancy stuff that you guys get to work. And so I went back in time and just was like, if I can just get them to give my phone number, I'll be able to get them to buy shit from me. And so I went and called back all these webinar leads that never showed up or never bought or whatever, and ended up doing like 100,000 in sales in a day.

And I was like, wow, this is so much easier. And so over time, I've consulted with sales teams. I've trained and owned four high ticket performance teams.

I think we have 12 or 14 sales guys. Now it kind of rotates. And so what I want to do is kind of show you what we've done to consistently replicate the skill of sales.

Another human being, would that be cool? All right. So if I can add like 10% to your conversion rate in terms of how you attract better closers, how you script the process out and how you should close more deals and scale them to incentivize them, would that be valuable for you guys?

All right, sweet. So these are the three frameworks that transform losing funnels in the cash machines. That was my real life.

That was the picture of my actual first funnel. And that's what it became. And so these are the three fail, the frameworks.

Number one, closer framework, how to ask questions to get prospects to say yes. Adding this to a funnel instantly can make it profitable. All right.

This is my personal experience. Number two is conviction framework. All right.

How anyone who believes can outperform a seasoned sales rep by simply learning to control their tone. Really important. This is one of the biggest things that most salespeople miss.

Number three, the scaling framework, how to easily duplicate this process across salespeople in any niche in seven days or less. So seven days from now, if we can do this, would that be cool? All right, let's rock.

So number one, the closer framework. After going through hundreds of scripts, I've bought Grant stuff, I've bought the Wolf of Wall Street stuff. I bought all that stuff.

And going through my own sales processes, I learned that the scripting process even was simpler, I think, than it's portrayed. And it's not that it's something to be sold against, but every sales script that has been absolutely gangbusters has been a question-based framework that is based on this process. All right.

And this works for B2C sales, it works for B2B sales, it works for $500 tickets, it works for $100,000 tickets. The process is the same. And so this is the acronym, closer framework.

As I said, world's dumbest marketer, so I made it nice and easy to remember. All right. So C, clarify why they're there.

When I look at creating a script, the first thing we ask is like, why the hell are you here? What made you reach out to us today? What was the thing?

What is the goal you're trying to accomplish? Right? Two, label them with a problem.

We can't cure cancer unless they admit that they have it. Right? Has anyone had a situation where like, I just want to find out more information.

You ever had that? Right. Well, it's like, well, I'm assuming you're not hopping on sales calls all day just trying to find information.

Is there a problem you're trying to solve? Oh, you're fat. Got it.

All right. Boom. So yeah, that's a problem.

We can solve it. After that, I'm assuming I'm not the first guy you've ever dated. Right?

So is there anything else that you've had happen in the past that got you here that didn't work? I'd love to know more about it. S.

Once we've gone through the pain, we sell them the vacation. Right? There's a process that I'll walk through.

E. We explain away their concerns because obviously sane people don't make decisions on the first call unless you're a closer, in which case they do, which I'll talk about. And then finally, and this is something that we actually added in.

My original framework for my first couple of years was close. And then we added the R because when you do this, it actually transitions into the onboarding process that will get higher LTV per customer, lower churn, lower refunds, lower chargebacks, which are sales guys and you will be happy about. Cool?

All right. Let's rock. So we'll examine each one more closely.

Clarify why they're there. These are the questions that sounds like, what made you come in today? What made you reach out?

What's your goal right now? Why is that important to you? Why that number specifically?

What does it resonate for you? Right? Why is that real?

L. The questions that we're looking at is like, okay, so what I'm hearing is, X, Y, Z, user goals. Does that sound about right?

All right. Really simple, but very important. It's a milestone that has to be hit in the process.

All right. Then we overview. All right.

This is where we're gathering all the insult. And for some of you guys, my goal is that you can take this to your sales team, your sales director, and run your script through this framework and then see where you can plug in. You probably have some of it, but if you're missing one or two of these questions with milestones, you're losing conversions on the call.

Like you're closing people who already had those obstacles covered, but everyone who didn't have two of these questions covered, you lose them. And you don't know why. And you watch the sales call, and you're like, what the hell happened here?

Right? So what have you tried so far to accomplish that? This is what we call the pain cycle.

It's a four-step process. What have you tried so far to accomplish this? How long did you do that for?

How long ago? How did that work for you? What else have you tried?

Right? So we just do that cycle until they're like, well, yeah, that's it. Now that you think about it, I've tried everything under the sun.

I'm like, I can't imagine what that's felt like. Wow. Right?

It's not your fault. You're so close. You're six inches away.

Right? And I think if you had this one thing, which I'm about to show you in a second, we could be able to help you. You want to hear about the program?

Fantastic. That's when we transitioned to sale. Right?

So sell them a vacation. The number one thing that people mess up, our sales pitch on the call is under three minutes. Three minutes.

180 seconds. When we talk about, I think someone was asking about what are the bullets on the page? We don't say anything about that.

Because what we're trying to do is get them to understand what they're going to experience, not how they're going to experience it. Right? And so when we have a sales pitch, just about every time, we sell three things.

Right? And it doesn't matter what industry you're in. I was training a mortgage leads team and they were selling leads.

Right? And it was like, the leads are exclusive. They're timely and they're qualified.

Right? And so we talked about, hey, you've had leads in the past. Ah, well, the Zillow leads, my real estate people.

Right? The Zillow leads are not, they are timely, but they're definitely not exclusive. These are people just window shopping.

Right? Our leads are different. Three things.

You can always find them. You're selling fitness. You're selling fitness, nutrition, accountability.

Right? And so what we do is when we say the three bullets, get them to understand, yes, that takes five seconds. Cool.

Fitness wise, we get the commitment. This is what I need you to do. Fair enough.

It's be like, I need you to work out three days a week. Can you do that? Awesome.

If we see any hesitation, you have a 30 second story that's memorized. Most of this script, and this is what makes it scalable as a question based framework, which means if you get lost, you can find your way back again. If anybody here have scripts that are like paragraphs and stuff, anyone?

Okay. Like no, no one has a script that's paragraphs and pages, please. We all know.

But if you have those things, it'll totally mess it up because then the sales guy gets lost and then he's just free balling and he has no idea where he is. Hot dog in the hallway. No idea what's going on.

Right? And so the point is here, a little visual anyways, is that when we're telling the story, like with the fitness example, I would say, Hey, when you failed in the past, like right now, do you have a, do you have a favorite TV show? Game of Thrones?

That's awesome. Do you feel like, like you got to get motivated to watch Game of Thrones? You're like, Oh man, I've been wanting to watch it, but I just can't get up the motivation to watch TV.

They're like, well, no, I don't have that. It's like, right. And so that's exactly how we're going to make your fitness program.

So if you look forward to, you don't need the motivation and the willpower, because that's what you failed in the past. They're like, Oh, I didn't talk about the workouts, the heart rate and the calories. They're going to burn and they're going to sweat.

Cause all that shit sounds like work. Right? But what they do get is exactly what they want, which is wait.

So you're telling me that if I actually like something, I'm not going to even have to try. And it's going to feel like watching TV cause I look forward to it. It's exactly what I'm saying.

And if you can deliver, you make tons of money. And that's the point. So each of those points, your sales guys should know what that anecdotal story is, right?

If I was telling accountability, anyone here have kids, anyone here tell their kids to brush their teeth and we have their kids to brush their teeth, say they don't want to brush their teeth. Anyone tell their kids, even though they don't want to brush their teeth to brush their teeth anyways. And now you're an adult.

Did your parents did that to you? Do you brush your teeth? That's an example of external accountability turning into an internal habit.

It's exactly what the accountability we're going to do in this program does for you. Does that make sense? Great.

Done. Next bullet. That's how you transition the pitch, right?

So if you think about this process, why are you here? I have cancer. I think we might be able to help you out, but I don't want to get into that cause I don't know about you.

Like, I don't know what your situation is. Tell me what you've done. Ah, that sounds, that sounds great.

That makes sense. Okay. I think we might be able to help again.

See a little bit about that. All it is, I tell three stories that make complete sense to everything you just told me. And then we transition.

And so, um, I pretty much just covered this. Um, but we, we call it selling the vacation, not the plane flight. Right.

And so we're not selling TSA. We're not selling your modules, your meal plans, your macros, your workout, your sport team, your URLs, your whatever, right? We're selling Maui.

We're selling the final destination. And it doesn't matter what level of service you are selling. You always selling the same thing.

It's always Maui. It's just, how do you want to get there? Do you want to swim to Maui?

Right? Do you want to take a boat to Maui? Do you want to take a normal flight or do you want to take a private jet to Maui?

Right? It's your call. You're getting to Maui either way, because we're a man of our word.

And I'm not going to sell you something that's not going to deliver. Right? But it's going to be a little different.

It's a little bit rockier, but we're going to get you there. All right. And so everyone gets to Maui.

The variables are the speed, the speed and the quality of the journey. All right. The likelihood of arrival is assumed.

So since it's always the same thing, you probably have multiple levels of business. Um, but it's always the same process. Right?

And so once we have that, they're like, got it. And then we just make the ask. All right.

From this point going forward, it's explaining where their concerns, like any human being would normally do. I could drill price over comes with you, but I think it's more valuable to explain the thought process behind price stall and decision maker, um, objections. All right.

So the first and obvious one is I can't afford it. Anyone get this one? Right?

A couple of people, two people have gotten this. You guys have the best leads. So give me your leads.

Um, and so the easy question that I use to explain to our sales team, because it's really about breaking their beliefs beliefs is if we were giving away Ferraris right now for five grand, do you think they'd find a way to get the money? Yes. So that simply they do not understand the value we're trying to provide.

And if you can get your team to believe that, then they understand that it is always their fault. If someone cannot afford the program, does that make sense? Fantastic.

Second decision maker close. One of the hardest things to overcome, right? I got to have my business partner.

I got to have my husband, my spouse, my whatever, right? So we have a specific process that we go about this. And so what we do is in the very beginning, we just say, we circumvent, then we go over past agreements and then we ask for forgiveness.

All right. This is the best way that I've seen to overcome this. So the first thing we say is, well, what if they say no?

One out of three times, they'll be like, I'd probably do it anyway. So we're like, let's get started. Boom.

It's done. You'd be amazed how many times that actually works. It's hilarious.

If they say, well, then I wouldn't do it. Then we divert. We say, well, what do you think their biggest objection would be about it?

Because now they're just using a foil. Even the person's not there and has no idea what the program is because they're not involved in the call, right? They're like, well, I think this.

And at this point we can attack the actual obstacle, even though the decision maker isn't there. Now, if they still, if we still can't overcome it, then we go to past agreements. We say, well, does your business partner know that you guys are struggling on sales?

Well, yeah. Does he approve of that? Well, no.

Then why would he be against something that he already doesn't approve of? That doesn't make any sense. Why would he be against a business partner solving a problem?

Isn't that what you do? Well, it's great. You're being a great partner.

Let's go. Right. And so we try and rely on past agreements that are obvious and use those to project into the present.

Right. And then finally, you know, sometimes it's better ask for forgiveness and permission. Right.

And so we'll tack that on. Then you can put that at the end of any of the closes. And so when we're dealing with this, with price, it's value.

With decision maker, we go on past agreements and with stalls, we just teach people to make decisions. People are just so afraid of making the wrong decision. They're petrified.

And so what we do is we literally teach them on the call. Here's how you make a decision. These are the variables you should be considering X, Y, and Z, right.

Can the product meet your needs? Do you think that if you work with us, you have a greater or lower likelihood of losing weight? Greater.

Fantastic. I think we're halfway there. Do you want to work with us?

Do you think it'd be fun to hang out and see me every day? Because believe me, this stash, I had to, I had to work 12 months to get my wife to say yes to that. So I understand if you're hesitant.

Does that make sense? Would you be willing to do that? All right, let's rock.

Right. And then do you have access to funds or know someone who does? Right.

Because it's not just about you. Because if it's something that's amazing, we can find other ways to finance this. So do you have access or know someone who does?

Yes. Well then great. Let's get started.

And if for some reason we haven't closed them at this point, we say, how about this? Let's take a card down. We'll delay the payment to Friday.

You go to your husband, you go to your business partner, right? You go to your, I love this one. You go to your husband, right?

And he says, baby, I want you to live a shorter life. I want you to, I want you to be a terrible example of our kids. I want you to not have generational health in our family to be passed down.

I want you to sit in that corner. I want you to pull those sweatpants up, take up a bag of Cheetos, rub your fingers on there, right? And just get comfortable with the fact that you're never going to look better than you are right now.

It's like, if your husband says that to you, you call me back and I will tear this contract up. Fair enough. Right.

And you close them. All right. So we explain away their concerns.

And then finally we get the yes. We reinforce the decision. This is stuff that we started doing and it helped a lot.

So personalized video from the CEO. Hey, welcome aboard. So happy to have you.

Thank you for trusting us with your business. Hey, we're so happy to have you. Thank you for trusting with your weight loss journey.

You know, what personalized this is. We want to do everything in our power to absolutely amaze you, right? Little things like that, because the customer is usually deciding whether or not they like your business in the first 48 hours after the sale.

I learned this later. So how you hand off from sale to customer experience and activation is where this all happens. Does that make sense?

Is that cool? Was that nice? A little framework to work through?

Okay. So that's the Closer framework. That is the first thing.

That's what you can run your script through. All right. How to ask the questions to get the prospects to say yes.

Check. One down, two to go. You with me?

You still good? All right. Let's rock.

So conviction framework number two, how anyone who believes can outperform a seasoned sales rep by simply learning to control their tone. All right. So after I reworked all of our scripts using the Closer framework, some of my guys were really successful, but other ones still blew.

And I was like, well, this sucks. Right. I was really excited.

I had a little acronym and everything. I was like, that took me a long time to come with the acronym. Right.

And I was like, what gives? And so I talked to my friends and they recommended this book, which was awesome. And the biggest takeaway from this book is the concept of tone.

And this was something that really helped take us and give an extra edge for our sales training, our sales process and the coaching that we give people. Right. And so in the book, he talked about the hidden dialogue, which I just love.

And I just, I just never want to take credit for an idea because I got it from him. But there's two dialogues that are happening. Right.

Because the words are the logic. Right. What you're actually saying is talking to the logical brain.

How you say it is talking to the emotional brain. Right. And that's the ones making decisions.

That's the one running the shop. All right. And so how you say what you say is what you say.

So here's an example. That's my wife. She's going to be here with me soon.

But if she were here, if she said Alex, right, or Alex, right, or Alex, very different meanings, very different afternoon for me in each of these scenarios. Right. Based on how she said it, because there's so much communicated and that's just one word.

Imagine a 30 minute dialogue where each word can be chosen to have packed with the meaning that you need them to feel. Does that make sense? Okay.

So we need the words for the logical influence. We need the tone for the emotional influence. We need both.

Okay. And so once you become a more seasoned like sales prep, you can learn to control your tone on purpose. Right.

You can raise your voice at the end of the statement to make it into a question. Right. It's a question.

This is John. Right. I didn't need to ask him.

I'm saying, you know, to answer that as a question. I didn't ask you that, but you know that based on the tone. Right.

Or I could lower my voice right now. I see what I'm saying. Extremely important.

Right. Tone matters. And so it takes time to develop this level of unconscious mastery.

So there's two ways to develop this. And I believe that you can either trick yourself into it or you can train yourself into it. And since I don't have enough time in 30 minutes to train on the influence of tonalities, here's the trick.

Is that all right? I'll just give you the hack. Conviction will correct your tone.

If you believe in what you sell, you will say it the right way. And that's why some of you guys have a sales rep who comes on, crushes it, and then tanks because they did believe. And then they saw your reviews where they got customer support feedback or someone called them up after buying it, was like, fuck you.

I can't believe you did that. And they're done. And then all their tones off because they feel like out of ethics.

Right. And so I'm lowering my tone right now. So you know that this is really important.

Right. And so I'll go upbeat, kiss the boo-boo, bring us back up. All right.

And so real estate sales team consulting, this is a great story. So I was flown out, paid way more money than I should have been paid. To fly out and consult with the sales team.

All right. They were selling mortgage leads, the example I was giving earlier. And they were really excited.

And they wanted me to give this ABC, always be closing chat, like this huge pump up chat. And so I spent the first half of the day on the script. And the second half of the day was supposed to be drilling the sales team.

Right. So I get on the sales team. They got, I think it had a nine person sales floor.

And they're like, we're having some problems with this guy, John. I was like, all right, cool. So I was like, John, how good are the leads?

He was like, well, you know, there's kind of, and I was like, I'm good. Thank you. And I was like, because if you fucking thought the leads were good, you would say, dude, they're unreal.

I can't believe it. Right now I'm getting my mom to pass her real estate certification so I can start sending her leads. I'm studying for mine.

I'm a couple months behind, but I'm telling you, as soon as I fucking get this thing passed, I'm out of here. I'm going to start buying these leads myself because I'll make more than I make right now as a sales guy. That's what you'd say if you believed.

Right. The way you say and what you'd say would be entirely different. And so one of the hacks on this, by the way, has anyone ever gotten hot or has a sales guy who got hot?

Starts just closing, closing, closing, closing. Anyone? That becomes a sales training for that person.

Because the way they ask the question, at what point, how they closed, that's how it's perfect. And so they should study the best game footage when they're on a streak. And that's when you can replicate it much more easily.

Because it's like in the wild, you'll witness it. And that's when they're masters, right? In those moments.

All right. And so these are the actions that we do. So I'm transitioning into tactics for you guys who have teams.

All right. Reread the testimonials out loud daily in front of your sales team. If you've got fresh ones, which you should, read them.

Makes their day. Makes them feel like they're making an impact. Right.

They're getting the shit kicked out of them every single day. Getting hung up on, getting cussed at, getting told to fuck off every day. Right.

And like the best thing you can do is give them a cup of coffee and says, Hey man, you're fucking doing good in the world. Right. So they need.

So do it every day. Number two, fix everything you can about the product. This is obvious, but I want to say it directly.

Like don't blame the customer for lack of success. Cause it doesn't help anyone. Right.

Doesn't help them. Doesn't help us. If we can take ownership, then we can fix the product.

Right. Three, never stop improving it. So you always know it's up to date.

And this is a good one for the sales team. If your sales dip, take your head of customer support, bring them to the sales meeting and say, Erica, tell these guys what you do for our customers. And they're like, Oh, well, the first day what we do is we send this text and we send them this letter and then we give them swag and then we follow up with them.

And then we like write them a handwritten card and we give them a back massage and a foot massage. And then we find a wife for them. It's unbelievable.

You know what I mean? And then the sales guys are like, God, this is fucking awesome. I'm like, I know, let's go sell it.

Right. And so these are the actions that you can do on a daily basis to get your team to be excellent. All right.

And so that's how you can hack conviction and get your team's tone unconsciously correct by just truly believing in the product. Is that cool? You think you'd sell more if you did that?

Sweet. Thank you. All right.

Conviction framework. Number two, check. All right.

Number three, scaling framework, how to easily duplicate this process across salespeople in any niche in seven days or less. All right. So we've talked about closing framework.

We talked about conviction framework and this is the, oops, I think I'm going to skip one. Oh no, where are you? Great.

So when I showed my sales team this stuff, they didn't do it every time. All right. Cause you're probably going to come back from here all gung ho.

You might show them this video and they're like, yeah. And they go rah, rah for two to three days. And then it's like back to normal, right?

No one wants that. So piece by piece, we implemented processes to get the same outcome over and over and over again, because of the $110 million we've sold, which is crazy. It's been a hundred percent over the phone.

No one over the age of 20. No, we got one guy who's 40, but besides him, everyone's younger than $27, 27 years old. All right.

Like these aren't like crazy, you know what I mean? Like crazy veterans, right? We just do this process over and over again and get the right thing.

So as a total aside, find people and educate them about your prospect, not your product. Okay. That's a big fuck up.

Cause like they shouldn't even be talking that much about the product. They should be knowing everything about the prospect. And so right now, if your sales training is focused on your product, doing it wrong.

These are the six C's that I use to scale teams from little guy to lots of guys. All right. So this still to, you know, we use this to build a 3000 person affiliate base in our physical products company.

It added 35 million in sales, which is cool, which is awesome. And so I will show you how this works. All right.

And so, um, we've used these sales teams and this is how we've kind of, these were all multi-figure teams and I'll show you what we did. All right. So closure sequence is the first C, which we went over earlier.

The second C is consistent daily training and conviction. And I'll show you how to do each of these call recordings. You got to record them communication cycles, cuts and competition.

There's the six C's. All right. So number one, make sure you have a question-based framework that follows those steps in the script.

It should just be questions. It's so much easier to just follow questions because if someone's out and you know, out in left field, you know, wandering like onto the highway, you're like, Whoa, Hey, come back over here. This is the next question in this process.

So thank you so much for sharing that. That must've been so hard for you. So what do you think that brush?

You go right in the next question, the sale. All right. Number two, uh, consistent daily training.

This is the number one thing. If you take one thing away from this besides conviction, cause that'll do more for yourselves than anything. This is the second biggest thing.

All right. Is that daily training, our team trains 60 minutes a day, five days a week. We actually do twice a day stuff, but that's okay.

Anyways, for right now, if you just do this, you'll already be way better than everyone else in your market. All right. So we do talking and listening because the salesperson needs to know how to speak the right tone.

You know how to listen, right? As we drill both scales for talking, we have them read the script out loud and the questions with the correct tonality for 25 minutes. And if they fuck up, they start again, simple five minutes.

We drill obstacle overcomes. I need to think about it. I'm not sure.

I don't have the money. Can't afford that right now. I got to talk to my partner, right?

I know it's going to work in my market or whatever your specific obstacles are, because those, when they're in the red zone, they shouldn't have to think about those. So the only two things that someone will ever truly memorize will be those 30 second anecdotal stories I mentioned earlier and your obstacle overcomes. It makes it much easier to get new people on the team.

Listening. So every day we'll listen to a 30 minute recording and we'll go with what went right in this call? What went wrong?

What are you going to do next time? Very simple, right? You play the call.

Everyone watches. It's game tape review. We're like, man, you got kicked in the balls on this one.

Right? But you had great rapport in the first five minutes. Right?

You're like, what went wrong? And that was about it. And what you're going to do next time?

I'm going to transition from the report of the question asking without sounding like a douchebag. Fantastic. All right.

Next day. And you continue to improve. I know this sounds crazy simple, but it's so simple.

No one will do it. So number three C's is call recordings. If you don't call, record your calls, one, you're not compliant.

But two, how are you going to study game film? You know what I mean? Everybody's got all their data and you've got your mouse tracking on all the pages.

I'm like, where's the mouse tracking on the calls? Right? That's where you're going to train your team.

This is like every NBA team. They play the game and they watch the game footage. Right?

Why are we not doing that with the sales team? And so you have to record it. If you use Zoom, Gong is absolutely the best.

Highly recommend it. It's been awesome. We've used it for two years.

They'll tell you exactly how many minutes people are talking versus someone else. They'll tell you who's talking the most, where, how many questions were asked at the AI they have there. It's unbelievable.

It's expensive, but it's worth it for comm cycles and feedback. I don't know if you guys have heard the story, but if I were trying to fix your golf swing, right? And I said, okay, so I take a swing looking like I do like a, like an idiot.

Right? He's like, all right, man. Well, first off, lose 40 pounds so you can rotate.

All right. After you do that, change your wrist by two degrees, turn your other hand over, put your thumb underneath. I need you to take your first foot, put it forward and then point it the other way and then put this foot back and try again.

I'm fucked. No chance of swinging. Right?

But if he just said, Hey, take another 20 swings and just put one thumb under the other one. I'd have one thing to work on and I could probably get better. And so when you're training and this is for the sales directors, if you're helping them out with that call, what went right, what went wrong, the, what am I going to do about it is the one thing.

Does that make sense? And so in terms of communication cycles, we do weekly with the team. We've got daily training.

We've got daily wrap up at the end, which is really just a pump up and kiss them on the forehead. Good night to make sure they feel okay. Right?

Cause they do get punched in the face all day. So it's, it's worth being like, Hey, you see Derek's overcome this morning. It's fucking awesome.

He killed it. Let's watch that as like highlight footage. Like watch him say he's going to have to talk to his wife.

Boom, overcome. Right? And then, and then they're like, dude, you killed it.

And then it just makes them feel like they're part of the team. Right? And so that's where we do the feedback and the communication cycles.

And then we do once a, once a week, if they're new, we'll do one-on-ones. If they're a little bit older, we'll do once every other week. Does that make sense?

Can you use this right now? What I'm giving you for your sales teams? Okay, sweet.

Number five, cut the fat, cut it fast. Randy probably knows this better than anyone. When you hire salespeople, at least in my experience, like it's sink or swim.

Like if a guy's, if guys can't close in the first week to two weeks, unless it's some sort of crazy complex thing, they ain't closing. Right? And then I've got somebody who now came in neutral.

Now they feel like they suck. Right? They're actually worse than someone who's new because now I got to overcome all your beliefs and then bring you back up.

And so in my experience, it's been much easier to take a six and get them to a nine than try and take, then try and take a two and get them to a five. It's more work and it's not good for me or him. Right?

Does that make sense? So in most cases, does anyone have a salesperson that you've been waiting for them to turn the corner for the last like six months? They're not going to turn the corner unless they have like a come to Jesus moment, which does happen, but it doesn't need to happen on my team.

You can do that and come back. Right? All right.

Number six, competition and career path. All right. It's a big one.

So salespeople are competitive, right? As they should be. Right?

They are hunters and they should go hunt. And so having competition on regular basis, what we have found is that six week cycles tends to work best. It is long enough that they believe they can accomplish something, but short enough that they believe it's going to happen soon.

And so we run our competitions on six week cycles. For us, I think what you said, whatever Ryan said about the percentages, 10 to 15% actually works pretty well as like a group goal. When we have those as like top salesperson, we'd like, we did like weekend to Vegas.

So we'll split all the guys up. We like four teams of four, you know what I mean? And they're all compete.

So it's like you get the competitiveness, but you still get the camaraderie because if it's just one, you know, one versus everyone, sometimes they can get a little bit too, you know, teethy. And so having like little mini teams helps too, because then you can, you can kind of like make it an adjusted draft. You put the best guy with the worst guy and then he helps him out and he speeds him up.

Does that make sense? And then career path, this is one that I probably learned later, but it's really good is that you can have minor, minor road milestones, like 50 deals closed, a hundred deals closed, 150 deals closed. Right.

And they just get a little, just a little, you know, they go from 500 a deal to 525 a deal, right? They go from 525 a deal to 550 a deal. Just the fact that there's this, this roadmap of where they're going and there's actual progress because sales is one of the most repetitive positions in the world.

Just the fact that they're doing this and they're, something is changing on the outside, I think just helps relieve anxiety and help the guys focus. So that is one of the things that I would recommend doing with the career path. And then obviously if you have roles, like depending on how big your team is, manager, et cetera, and you can move up.

Something that I don't have on here that I will add is that this seems to be common practice, but remember dumbest marketer on earth, outbound and inbound, keep them separated. And we also have setters and closers for both of those teams. So outbound sets are different than inbound sets, which go to different enclosers on either side, right?

Because the prospects are a little bit different, right? And so if you, if you have lots of different types of leads going to the same person, you're probably losing a lot of efficiency. If you don't have that much lead flow, that's under the issue, but it's, it's as soon as you can separating them out will get you a lot, a lot higher conversion rates.

All right. So I'll recap this. The six C's for scaling our closure sequence.

Make sure that it's in a question based framework, daily trainings and conviction. So you're reading the testimonies every day. You're training them every morning on talking, listening to the most valuable skills that a salesperson can have, call recordings to make sure that they're actually doing it.

You have game tape footage to actually look at communication cycles to actually improve on their skills based on the game footage that we just had. You cut the bottom people who are just dragging the team down that probably just don't have the makeup for this. And then you keep it competitive and you give them a career path.

So they have something to look forward to in the future. All right. And so now you can understand how anyone can sell expensive black paper pro, even if you don't think you're any good, which is completely normal.

So yeah, that's sales.