Every week, Layla and I, my wife, talk to five to 10 new companies to potentially invest in that have already passed a couple rounds of screening. And I was on a conversation the other day with a coaching business, and the founder made a very ridiculous statement. And I thought I would make a video about it because I think you will get a lot of value from it.

They made the statement, I just don't think there's a way that we can make our customers more valuable, which as you can imagine, if you've been following my channel for a while, you know, drove me into a fit of rage. Not really, but I stopped and I wish I had recorded it. But the basic premise is that that's just patently false.

And I'll show you six different ways you can increase lifetime value in a coaching or service based business. All right. And so if you don't know who I am, my name is Alex Ramozzi.

I own acquisition.com. It's a portfolio of companies that right now does about $110 million a year and continuing to grow. And so I just make these videos because I hope you get value from them.

Okay. So there are two ways that you grow a business, right? Number one is you get more customers.

The second is you make them worth more. That's it. That's chunked all the way up at the top of this, right?

Like either get more customers, you make them worth more. All right. There's lots of sub buckets underneath of that, but those are the two fundamentals.

If you're attacking a business in terms of like trying to figure out how you want to grow your own business, you can use these mental frameworks. And so these are kind of like my own checklist of what I'm thinking through as someone's talking because we only have 15 to 20 minutes with these new companies because we talk to a lot of them just to get a feel if we want to invest time and money into them. So that being said, with this particular company, it was a coaching business.

Now, the nice thing is that with coaching businesses, it really applies to all types of businesses. So if you're a service-based business, if you coach for weight loss, that is a service business. If you, you know, a lot of businesses just don't like the term coaching, but it is more or less what you're doing.

You're advising clients on some sort of outcome, right? And so in this particular business, they said that they didn't have a way of, you know, making the customer more valuable. And so these are the six ways that you can make a customer more valuable.

And I'll give the example that I shared with them to try to drive it home. All right. And so if you can think about this within your own business, you will make more money.

So the first and obvious one is that you can raise prices. So you can sell the exact same thing and add money to it and make more money. Sounds wild, but that is something that a lot of people don't do.

And so getting the pricing right is a way of making more money. There's sub pieces that we could sell higher percentages of people by having different pricing levels, but just big picture, number one is you can increase the price. Number two is that you can lower the cost of goods, right?

Because we're looking at how can we make a customer more valuable? We can make that by raising the price, but we can also lower how much it costs to fulfill on them. And so there's two easy ways you could do this within a coaching business.

One is that you could decrease the cost of the people themselves. So you keep the ratio that you have with your clients, but then you probably outsource a component of that, you know, to somebody who might be abroad, who'd be willing to work for less money. All right.

That would be a way of decreasing the cost of goods. The other way of decreasing the cost of goods is keeping the same number of coaches, but increasing the ratio between coaches to clients. If one coach is managing 10 clients, and then they go to managing 20 clients, your cost of goods cuts in half, right?

And in so doing that, your margin goes up. Hopefully, you're tracking with me. So number one, increase the price.

Number two, decrease the cost of goods. Number three is increase the purchase velocity or frequency. So the number of times people buy, all right?

And so within the context of a recurring revenue business, that would be decreasing churn, that would be getting people to stick and stay and pay longer, right? So if somebody normally buys and then stays for three months in your, you know, service-based business or coaching business or whatever it is, then if we can get them to stay just an additional month, it's a 25% increase in LTV. So how much that person is worth to us over the lifetime of them being with us, right?

And so number one, price. Two, cost of goods. Number three, getting them to buy more times.

The other whole next three buckets all kind of fall, they're different flavors of the same thing, all right? And so it's cross-sells, up-sells, and down-sells. And so I'll give examples of each of those.

So cross-sells is when you have them buy something and then buy a different thing as an add-on, all right? So if you have a level of service, let's say you have a coaching business, right? Because I'm using the example that we were talking about.

If they have a core service, but there's an element of something that someone needs to do. So let's say they're doing some sort of business coaching, right? A lot of times they're going to have some sort of model that they're helping people execute within their business or flip to.

And then there's sub-components of the execution. So there might be creating ads. That would be an add-on service that you could add.

It could be drilling their sales team, right? So helping them train their sales or train themselves on sales because they need that additional level of support. And so just think about the different bottlenecks that people are experiencing within the execution of the core business that not necessarily everyone will use, but some people would get a tremendous amount of value from.

Those are kind of perfect scenarios for add-ons that you could add to the service levels that will increase the lifetime value because let's say 20% of people take an upsell of an extra $1,000 a month and they're paying $1,000 a month. Well, just like that, you took your average monthly from $1,000 to $1,200, right? So it's a 20% increase because you got 20% of people to take an additional level of service, right?

The second type of sell here. So I said there's six ways. So we've covered four.

Price, cost of goods, increasing purchase frequency, cross-sells. The next one is upsells, and so I like to delineate this from cross-sells. Cross-sells is selling a different thing to the same customer, all right?

So in the McDonald's version, this is like, would you like fries with your Coke, right? Or whatever it is, fries with your burger, doesn't matter. But like, it's the cross-sell of selling something different that still goes with the core thing.

An upsell is where you sell more of the thing that they just bought. So this is where, I'll use the McDonald's example to drive it home and then I'll give you a coaching example. So in the McDonald's example, it's would you like, you want a burger, do you want a bigger burger, right?

That would be an upsell, right? It's the same, but more of the same thing. And it's good to think through these frameworks because this is how you can think of and iterate your own service levels within the business.

So let's say that somebody in this coaching business, you know, meets with their coach every, whatever, every two weeks. We could increase that frequency and say, okay, well, like our higher level of service, you can meet with the coach more times, right? Or you could have, it's more access.

Whatever the thing that we're selling is, it's just more of it. And you'd be surprised, a lot of people just want more. And this is where this gets kind of interesting from a pricing and lifetime value perspective.

Customers are fractal. And what that means is that it's 80-20. So one out of five customers is typically willing to pay twice as much as the core offer.

And that continues to go up. So if you have 100 people, 20 of them are willing to pay five times, you know, as much as the base ADR, which then means that if you get 20% to take something that's five times as expensive, then you actually just double the lifetime value. Now, if you look at that 20 and look again and do another 80-20 split on that, then four of those 20 are going to be willing to pay another five times more than the remaining 16 in that group, right?

80-20. And so it continues to get fractal. So it's like 80-20, 95-5, 99-1.

All of those are fractal distributions. And with each of those increments, you usually have people who have significantly higher spending power. And so simply offering a significantly more expensive version to 20% of the customers is simply a really good way of increasing LTV.

All right. And so in this coaching example, if they had a large group component and they wanted to do a semi-private component or small group, then that would be something that should reasonably be, you know, probably four or five times as expensive given the fact that it's now significantly more narrow and more attention is given to each customer. All right.

So increase the price, decrease the cost of goods, get people to buy more times, sell them more stuff that's different, sell them more of the same. All right. Cross-sells, up-sells.

And the last one, number six, is down-sells. All right. So this is when in the purpose of the down-sell, there's kind of two key areas in the business where this is helpful.

Number one is on the front end. Number two is on the back end. All right.

So on the front end, getting more down-sells, I'll tell you where it backfires. But if you have another offering for people who get on the phone, it's especially useful, and this is how you do it right, for disqualified or underqualified leads. All right.

Because you've already paid for the marketing to get this person on the phone or into your kind of conversion event. But if the person does not qualify for your core offer because they don't meet certain, you know, requirements that you've already predefined of like what a perfect customer is for you, then you want to have something for them that can help them ascend into that that's going to be significantly lower touch or ideally no touch at all. Right.

And so in this instance, I think this was a health coaching thing. They, I was like, just create a done for you at home or a done, do it yourself at home program that people who can't afford to have the level of service, they get a little bit of a headstart. They get a little bit of education to get them going so that they can then, you know, if they succeed with that, they show themselves they're motivated, they show themselves this is more valuable to them, then they can ascend up.

Where it gets sticky is where you have people who otherwise would have bought the core offer, but then the sales team starts downselling them. That's the no, no. That's what you don't want to have happen.

And that's why tracking before you make an implement a downsell into your sales process is important because you can see the percentage of people who are buying the core offer. And so we should just simply be adding on more sales without detracting from the amount of people who are buying the core offer. The second way that we protect against this is that when you have the customer requirements, if someone meets the customer requirements for your core offer, they should never be presented the downsell.

That is my opinion. That's how I prefer to do it. Because it also keeps it black and white for the sales team.

So because you don't want to have gray in making sales decisions, in my opinion, I think it's much easier to say like, if they are this, sell this, if they are not this, sell this, that way, we're just treating the customer for what is best for them, rather than trying to like go based on their budget. This is me personally, because I just want to say like, if I'm going to make this promise to you, I'm going to fulfill this promise to you, period. And if we need to find a way for you to get the resources to do it, then we will help you do that.

But like, we're not going to just give you a diluted version of what we had, right? And so it's only like, if you do not qualify, then and only then will we downsell. The reason this is effective is that you have these people you've already paid to get on the phone.

And so if you can liquidate a certain percentage of that cost by having a downsell, it will help you offset cost of acquisition, and ultimately makes more money. And you also get more customers because those people have potential to do this in the future, which is a great thing. Now, the other place where downsells help is actually on the back end.

So information declines in value over time, right? And a lot of businesses that we work with are e-learning, service coaching, etc. Types of businesses.

And so one of the difficulties is how do they attack churn? And so part of the way of attacking churn is realizing how people are consuming value through the services that they offer, right? And so if someone, you know, the day before you learn something very important, it's incredibly valuable.

The day after it, you don't need to learn it again, because you already have it. So the value declines very, very precipitously in these types of businesses, which is what we've spent, you know, our life kind of fixing and making them more valuable, right? But having a downsell component on the back end, when people are like, you know what, I've gotten a lot from this, you know, I don't need the training and all that kind of stuff anymore.

The question is, what do they need? Or what would they like to keep, right? And a lot of times, community access is something that people will continue to pay for, even though they're not access to the information anymore, because like they don't need it, because they've already figured it out, right?

Or certain levels of troubleshooting and support, whether it be technical support, or accountability level support, those are things that are consumable, right? In terms of like, you might need to be held accountable last month, and you need to be held accountable this month towards doing the actions. And so when we think about this, and we're looking at a business, and this was the coaching business that I gave you as an example, hopefully, those answers give you some light, depending on what type of business you have.

But there are always ways to make a customer more valuable over time. And so those are the six that I think through when I'm looking at any kind of coaching info service type business that we're looking to take on, which is like, where do we see opportunity that we can increase the LTV per customer so that we can then turn around and spend to get more customers on the front end, right? Because we're chunking back up two ways to get more, make more money, get more customers, make them worth more.

And that is a wrap. So thank you guys. Appreciate if you're new to Mosey Nation.

Welcome. I appreciate you and I'll see you guys in the next video. Bye