I think a lot of people want to know this, the answer to this next question, which is, what is the fastest road to financial freedom? You talk about everything you're doing on YouTube. You've got 10 plus million dollars sitting in the bank today.

Oh, way more than that. Talk about that too. Like why cash is so...

Mostly because I think everything's really fluffy right now. Yeah. So I mean, I sold three companies last year and a house and two cars.

So I sold everything last year. You're looking at what's happening, predicting. There's inflated pricings.

I mean, a lot of people are really afraid of inflation. And I think that's super warranted. I think it's just like, that's a purely like, like looking at Uncle Warren, right?

He's got 150 billion in cash sitting right now. He's not worried about it. He's seen more cycles than I have.

So he's got 25% of his entire company value sitting in cash. He's waiting. So a little inflation is not going to kill me.

But like when you look at the NASDAQ during the crash in whatever the year was, it dropped by 78%, right? Right. So that would be significant.

It would be significant. Yeah. I think just given the timing, I'm willing to wait a little bit and see what's going on.

And I also am very close to a transaction. So I'm not going to like immediately allocate all the money. That sounds like a bad idea.

And so that is why I have more cash than I probably would normally. So then back to the quickest road to financial freedom. I mean, the first answer that can't like the bullet, like the quick answer was knowing thyself.

Because right now entrepreneurship is cool. It won't be cool in a few years when everyone loses everything. And so that will probably, it will probably calibrate a little bit.

And so I think it's just, it's just, skills are the only thing that we'll always appreciate in time. And compound in concert. So when they work together, if you know how to do math, then you can learn how to do accounting.

If you learn how to do accounting, you can learn how to do tax work. If you learn how to do tax work, you can figure out how to insurance works. If you're in insurance works, then you all of a sudden, you're a CFO and you can prepare companies for sale.

Like the skills stack on top of each other. Specialized skills are valuable independent of the currency or the economic climate. If you are good, you will always have a place to provide value because people want good stuff.

Prices may vary. Currencies may vary. But people will want the things you have if you are good.

And the only way to get good is to work. And so I think that a lot of people spend a lot of their time in paralysis trying to figure out what the, quote, ideal opportunity would be. When you won't know what the ideal opportunity is because you don't have a baseline.

And I believe that research is done through doing. And you learn a lot more by doing stuff in action. And then you will gain the insights of where the opportunities lie.

Which is why Combinator comes up again. What they look for in past founders, one of their criteria for a successful business is past experience in the industry. I just wrote a tiny blurb about this in the book that I'm writing.

That can be tangential. Like if your dad owned a mechanic shop or was a mechanic, you probably know a lot more about cars than you, than like, to you it seems obvious. But like, I don't know anything about cars.

Nothing. Nor do I really have the interest. But like if you wanted to get in the space, you probably have some level of knowledge.

Some people look at just the whole world and they're like, I don't know anything, but this is maybe a good, like, but I think it's better to have some level. Because usually we have learned stuff in our lives, whether we like it or not. And starting in every industry that your parents, your cousins, you worked in, there was massive opportunity.

It just depends on how you structure it. My first job was, I was a blender tender at Smoothie King. First job I got.

Blender tending, not a very good opportunity. Right? I'm probably not going to scale that.

Managing there, probably not either. Owning the location, a little bit more leverage because now I have leverage on labor. Right?

Owning the franchise, much more. All industries, if you go high enough up, and this is the rule of thumb for anyone, if you want to see where opportunity exists, look at the businesses that have been here the longest. Because they make tons of money.

The only reason they would exist is because they can exist during downturns. The only way you can exist during a downturn is you make tons of profits all the time so that you can weather it. Like, JP Morgan's been here for longer than anybody's been alive.

Right? Some of the big insurance companies. Why is insurance so profitable?

Because you pay them for nothing. Right. Like, you pay thousands and thousands and thousands a year for something that may never happen.

And they just know how to appropriately value risk. Assess risk. Excuse me.

And so, wonderful business. Right? Insurance.

And so, the point is, I've now learned to see this as like, when I see big businesses, the bigger the business, the more I realize that there's probably a very high gross margin opportunity. So, you look at the biggest companies on the stock market, look at what they're doing. The base unit that they're selling typically has tremendous.

Like, the biggest company in the world right now, in terms of profit, is like Exxon. That's the number one. In terms of net free cash flow that's created.

Isn't that crazy? Like, people are like, Facebook, no, it's Exxon. Why?

Because they drill water out of the ground and they sell it for however many hundred dollars per. Right? It's not water, it's oil.

But it works the same way. Right? And so, and that's a massive overgeneralization.

But like, you get the idea. And so, Facebook sells eyeballs, which cost them basically nothing. Google sells eyeballs, which cost them basically nothing.

You sell for what the market values it at, period. And your goal as a business is to drive your cost down as much as you can. As long as you're still long-term greedy, which is if you drive them too low or you don't pay people long enough, you introduce new levels of risk, which then long-term you actually lose money.

So, that's when you get into the long-term, short-term like CEO-ship of publicly traded companies and stuff, which we don't need to get into. But like, if you were to only own the company and you could not ever exit and you made your decisions with long-term greed in mind, then you usually make the right calls. And I'll say one last thing about how to get freedom.

The biggest mistake that I see young people or people who are young in the game making is that they want to become millionaires in 90 days. When most times, you could guarantee that you could become a millionaire in a decade. But you have to be willing to not be a millionaire for nine of those 10 years.

And if I had everyone sign a contract that said that when they were 20, they could all be millionaires when they're 30. But no one's willing to do that. And so, what happens is for the rest of their lives, they keep chasing the shiny object over and over again and keep battling the same boss and losing.

I mean, there's the investment side. And I'm not, despite having a high net worth, I'm not an Uber investor. I've made my money with businesses.

I haven't made my money investing. And so, for people who are starting out, the know-thyself pieces, am I going to be somebody who has entrepreneurial tendencies and could potentially own a business? Business ownership is the best way to create wealth.

It's also the best way to lose wealth. It's high risk. It's high reward.

It is the way to the most wealth. It may not necessarily be the way to the fastest wealth. Most guys who have entrepreneurial tendencies could make $200,000 a year, $300,000 a year, becoming excellent at sales.

Like, if you just learn that skill, and that skill translates to all aspects of life. Most people who are in business know how to sell at some level. They know how to sell investors.

They know how to sell their teams. They know how to sell someone to recruit, to bring on. Like, you have to sell.

I think for most people, gaining that, I think those initial jobs are undervalued for your ability to learn. And so, a lot of guys are just looking for the perfect job, when the perfect job is the assembly of maybe three or four jobs that you have to gain skill sets in different areas. And I think Warren Buffett said it best.

That's probably a good wrap-up, which is whenever you're working, you should either be learning or earning. So, either you're working for the paycheck because it's material to you, or you're working because the incremental increase in knowledge is material to you. But it should check one of those two boxes.