What's going on everyone? In today's video I'm going to show you how to charge exorbitant prices for your goods and services. So not that long ago my wife and I were at a charity event for after school all-stars at Arnold Schwarzenegger's house and I saw some of the most beautiful displays of understanding market economics that I've ever seen.

And so at the end of that night I had my hand raised and I donated a million dollars alone that evening based on the way that they had manipulated the event. And so to rewind this story for you briefly, right as I was coming into the event, right as people were meeting each other, they wanted me to introduce me to some of the other board members of the charities. The CEO of the charity, Ben, was talking to one of the other gentlemen there who's a big donor and he said, ah, what he did and what his recommendation was was brilliant and I was so afraid to do it but I'm so glad we did.

And I was like, well what did he say to do? And he said, well last year we sold the tickets for $10,000 a head just to attend the event and play poker. He said, but this year it was $25,000 and we actually sold more people.

And I was like, that's crazy. And the gentleman I found out later had made all of his fortune in the ultra high end jewelry business. And so that is a business of purely understanding the demand curve, supply and demand and how to raise prices.

And so he said something to me and he said it so smugly and so like content with himself in this moment that I just, it just like etched into my brain. He said, you always have to remember when demand increases, he said you cut supply. And he said it just like he said, you cut supply.

And what that does is it jacks prices through the roof because now you have more people who wanted it than before and there are fewer items for sale. And so by doing that, you get these massively inflated prices, which plenty of us probably saw during the whole pandemic and things like that, that happened on some goods that were theirs all of a sudden demand increased, right? And so as the extension and supply went down, and then that is what jacks up prices.

And the thing is, is you can harness that in your own business. All right. So if you've ever looked at Chanel, for example, if you, if you want to buy a Chanel bag, and these are the best people to look at the people who've been doing this for hundreds of years, you know, at least a hundred years, like Chanel, I think, don't correct me on that, but long time, right?

Louis Vuitton. They have figured out, they have hacked how to generate and stimulate demand. All right.

So in a Chanel store, for example, they have one to two bags that are available. Corporate doesn't let the stores know how many and of what bags they're going to receive. It's a complete mystery, complete surprise.

And they don't tell them when they're going to stop producing stuff and they do it all the time. And so what happens is they create this experience where when you walk in the door, there's absolute scarcity there because every bag is limited edition. There's only one of a kind.

There might, that might be the only bag you receive. You can't even buy these things online. And they do that by design so they can stimulate higher prices.

And so just as a, as a, as a quick one on this, um, I don't know if you've ever really wanted to buy something and you, uh, you know, right as they were about to tell you the price on the thing, you've got kind of scared, just like, you know, you're exposed because you're like, I really want this thing. Right. And all of a sudden they tell you the price and you're like, thank God, I would have paid so much more than that.

That is a missed opportunity because you would have paid so much more. And as the business owner, you need to know how to stimulate that. And so I'll tell you one final example and then I'll get into this price curve behind me.

If I were to sell, um, uh, a day of my time for five people, right? I could probably say tomorrow, Hey, it's $20,000 for a day. There's five of you in the room.

It'll be intimate click here to buy, right? Sure. But what I'm missing is the number one and number two people of those five might've been willing to pay $200,000 for that day.

And so the thing is, is as you, as you cut, cut units, so this is supply, this is demand, this is microeconomics one-on-one as you cut supply, right? As supply goes down, then what happens is you can look all the way on this demand curve, right? Supply goes down.

You can raise the price here. What ends up happening most times is that people will cut their supply, but then they will keep their price, uh, at a lower price, right? It's like they'll cut the supply to here, but they'll, they'll price here rather than pricing all the way here.

And the thing is, there's so much extra juice in the squeeze that's available for you. If you just know this. And so my first recommendation for you is if you can create a limited or very scarce service or service level or product that you can release, I guarantee you that you will make more money.

This is the reason. And one of the things that isn't taught about this microeconomics demand curve is that they assume a static condition, meaning perfect marketplace. All people have perfect information.

And as you shift the price, you know, the, the, you, you, you, you try and find the sweet spot, but what they don't take into account is that this demand curve can shift based on marketing. So if you think about marketing is in a general perspective, marketing is artificially stimulating demand. You're purposely letting more people know about what you do so that you can generate demand inwards.

So you can shift your way this way on this, on this graph, right? I'm sorry, this way on this graph, excuse me. And so what we can do here is that if we have stimulated demand, demand goes this way, right?

Boom. It goes all the way down to here, which means that our prices, we actually can go even further along this curve to increase the price. And here's one of the magic things about when you control supply.

If I were to sell three people that $100,000 a day, for example, I made a more money than I did selling five people a 20 K a day, but not only that, it's easier for me to fulfill for three people. So I create less operational drag. I have way more profit, right?

And I create an air of premium and I can also over deliver to those clients even more than I could before. All right. And so if you have a fundamental understanding of how this works, the supply demand curve, then you can work in your favor.

And one of the biggest mistakes that I see with most entrepreneurs is that they spend too much time trying to supply and not enough time trying to generate demand. Demand is the power that's coming towards you. Stimulating is you satisfying.

And so you want to think about it like a seductive dance, right? Where you, someone, someone has this desire, right? But you want to delay.

You don't want to satisfy them. You want to delay. You want to delay, right?

Now there is a snapping point where someone eventually feels rejected, but it is far, far, far longer and further away than most people think, right? And so what you can do is you, you tease things, you, you, you flirt with them. You whisper things that are coming out.

You drop these little hints, drop these little hints, right? You create a waiting list, right? If you had a service and you said, Hey, to work with me, I'm all the way over here because I can only take five clients, period, period.

And you cap it and you cap it, right? You have five clients, period. Well, I can, I can, uh, I can set you up with a waiting list and I'll let you know when, when we have more slots, you will generate more demand because also the allure around what you do.

He must be good or she must be good because they have a waiting list because they are no longer at capacity. And so one of the interesting things about being at full capacity is it's completely up to you what full capacity means. You can say today that you are full.

Think about that. You could say, Oh, we're completely capped out. You could cut off your supply to zero, right?

And so as soon as you cut your supply to zero, your price shoots that way, right? And so you cut your supply to zero saying, I don't take anyone. And then what happens is this pressure builds and it looks, it's like a pot, right?

And then you, you want to periodically let off the steam. You don't want to be letting off the steam all the time because then the pressure never builds. And that pressure is your pricing power.

And so to wrap this all up for you, the reason it was such a, such a tremendous experience for me to see this happen in the real world is I saw them go from $10,000 a ticket to $25,000 a ticket. And I saw them sell more, right? And so by understanding this, when you have a limited edition t-shirt and you drop it, you will actually sell more units, not because this curve is wrong, but because the way you marketed it by creating scarcity shifted the demand curve in your favor.

People who might other not otherwise buy or say, I'll buy later now feel forced to buy. And by extension, we can jack our prices and actually end up selling more units overall. And so to wrap this up for you, one, if you can create an ultra high, very, very, very scarce, very, very small supply type service or good or product, I guarantee you'll sell it for more money and you'll get more people to buy it.

And I think that if you just do that in your business in some way, you will see this power harnessed to your advantage and you'll see the pricing and the profit around these things and you'll never want to go back. So I hope you enjoyed this. Click subscribe and I'll see you in the next video.