Would you like to know how to network with millionaires and billionaires? Well, having now met a lot of billionaires in my life and tried to build my own network of cool and interesting people, I continue to get questions on this channel about how to do that. And so I wrote down kind of five rules that I have kind of lived by.

And, you know, my wife jokes about this. She's like, Alex is the networker of, you know, between us. And a lot of the things that I've had happen in my life that have been good have happened as a result of a conversation or a connection that I've had from someone I've met randomly, right?

And so I think that there's something to be said for having a deliberate process for networking without seeming like a skis, right? Which is just like, how can I meet cool people and just improve their lives while also improving my life? I know the saying like your network is your net worth.

I'm not sure how much I believe that, but I do think that a lot of the big things in my life happened as a result of other people, all right? So here are the five rules that I will share with you that, and there's two of them that are really, really good, number like four and five that I highly, highly recommend and I don't hear anyone else say. All right, so the first one, really simple is, whenever someone introduces themselves, you always want to make sure that you remember their name, right?

And so what I do is whenever I shake someone's hand, I say their name and I keep saying it in like the beginning of every sentence I say. And I do it that way because I want to say it like 10 times throughout the conversation and it'll stick with me. And I'm usually pretty good at remembering names and people remember that.

It's their favorite word in whatever language someone's in, their own name is their favorite word to hear, all right? And so you want to say it to them as much as you can because then they will know that you cared and you gave them respect and made them feel more important, all right? So number one is you always remember the name and you say them a lot of times.

Number two, you've got to get the contact info and otherwise like, you know, you're not going to actually have the network. So what I do when I get someone's contact info is I immediately text them and I text them some sort of funny anecdote about myself or the conversation we were just having, right? And so for me, it might be like, I'll say their name and my name in the text because sometimes you forget to save the contact, all right?

So it's like Alex from OZ mustache gym guy, right? Or something like that, right? I would say something in that vein.

And then I would say, nice to meet you. And then, you know, Sam Gamgee, whatever, right? And so by doing that, they see, I see both names are there.

They know relevant stats about me. And if you want to be extra bonus, put their stuff in there too. Furniture dude, whatever, right?

And so that way you, one, you gained rapport with them early on. Two, you got their contact info. And the thing is, is when they look back at that text thread later, if you can get them to laugh a little bit, they'll remember, oh yeah, that was that cool guy or that funny or, you know, that dude was relatively upbeat and pleasant.

So I would like to contact him again in the future, right? Now, rule number three, always provide value first, unsolicited. All right, so this is a key point.

If you had a conversation, the goal of the conversation would be to figure out how you can provide value to the person, not what that person can do for you, all right? It's a big one. The goal, and if you really want to truly build a great network, you have to give first and you have to give it unsolicited.

All right, so it's like, hey, I know you were talking about this. I pulled up a bunch of these suppliers that I've worked with in the past. I thought this might be valuable for you.

And honestly, the more work you do in this unsolicited give, the more people respect you and want to do business with you and keep you in their lives because you provided value first. All right, it's a key point. You provided value first.

Sorry about the smudgy, weird-ass camera shit. Rule number four, and this is the biggest one. This is like my biggest secret to networking, so write this down.

Always say yes to the first ask, all right? Always say yes to the first ask. The reason it's so important is that people, like people aren't going to try a lot of times to be your friend.

If you met up at a networking event or you met at a mastermind or you met at a something, right? And the first ask would be like, hey, let's touch base next week on a Zoom or hey, let's meet up in person or hey, I'm in town where you're at, you want to grab lunch. I always do everything in my power to say yes to the first ask, which means that sometimes I'll move stuff that's already there to accommodate the first meetup, all right?

Because I have learned this and I learned this really early in my life that people will only ask once. And most times if you don't get that first ask, they'll never ask again, right? And so we want to take advantage of, now, if you're on the asking side, the key is to ask many, many, many times, right?

But if you're on the receiving end, say yes to the first ask. So the two sides of that one are say yes to the first ask. And if you're the one who's asking, ask multiple times because sometimes life comes up and sometimes the people that will end up being huge players in your life later, sometimes they just get busy and it has nothing to do with you.

Rule four, always say yes to the first ask. And rule number five, never ask for anything. Just don't do it because they'll immediately assume that you are trying to use them for something, all right?

And so if anything, if you need help on something and you're hoping that someone will help you, then what you can do is when you're catching up, you can describe a problem that you're currently dealing with. If you have any level of rapport and this person wants to have a continued relationship with you, they will usually offer help to help you out, all right? And so what you can do is don't ask them for anything.

You can describe a problem that you're dealing with and talk about it. And then usually they will make a reasonable ask. And this is why giving first is important because people are reciprocal in nature.

If you give and you give well and you give unsolicited early and you never ask for anything, people will find a way to give back to you unless the person really doesn't want to be your friend, in which case you don't need to be friends with them. Because at the end of the day, if you want to have a network that you actually enjoy, then you want to network with cool people who are reciprocal in nature and want to give back too. So those are the five rules for networking that have served me very well.

The last two especially are probably the most important, which is always say yes to the first ask or ask multiple times if it's you. And never ask for anything from them because then they will always see you as a positive force of giving that is always just helping them out. And they will be more inclined to build a relationship with you in the future and want to do business with you.

All right. So there's the five rules for networking. Mosey Nation, keep being awesome.

If you guys don't know who I am, my name is Alex from Mosey. I'm an acquisition.com. We have about $85 million a year.

So keep being awesome. I make these videos because a lot of people broke and I want you to be one of them. All right.

See you next video. Bye.