Poor people do the wrong things. Rich people do the right things. Wealthy people own the right things.

Hi, my name is Alex Ramosi. I'm the owner of acquisition.com. It's a portfolio of companies that do about $85 million a year.

And so what I'm going to do is make this video for you guys, Mosey Nation, to help you avoid some of the mistakes that I made along the way. All right. And one of the things was understanding how to turn my active income into passive income using a single mental model.

And so that's what I'm going to share with you guys today. All right. And so part of the difficulty of making this switch is understanding what you get paid on versus where you get returns.

All right. So a lot of people think that their business is actually really valuable. And in fact, it isn't because it's really just a job that they surrounded themselves with.

They're still self-employed. They're not truly owners. Right.

And a lot of people like to say, I'm a business owner and it makes them feel good and serves your ego. But the reality is that you're really just, you do, you know, the job of probably four or five people. And that's okay.

Cause that's how entrepreneurship works in the beginning, right? You have to wear lots of hats and then you slowly outsource and delegate pieces of responsibility. But what's key.

And this is one of the things that what has been the most valuable lessons for me is understanding how to jump two steps forward. All right. So hear me out.

So the typical entrepreneurial path, and this was a huge aha moment I had probably a year or two ago was that I was like, so this business continues to grow because I outsource what I'm doing and I start doing the next thing, right? That makes sense, right? You're like, you get rid of the stuff that you're doing that's lower value and you start doing the things that are higher value and you continue this process over and over again.

Right. And that's the entrepreneurial journey. But I was like, what if I delegated the stuff that I'm doing now?

And then I got someone else to do the next thing that I'm supposed to be doing. I was like, then the business would still grow and I would just own it. So I was like, so I just need to do, I just need to jump two steps instead of just jumping one.

So I've been doing this whole thing of just jumping one step ahead, pushing, delegating what I'm doing now to someone else, and then learning the new skill. When what I should have been doing was just saying who here has the skill that I need to learn and has already done it and probably do it faster than me and delegate what I'm doing now and then find that other person and have them do what I'm supposed to be doing. And then all of a sudden this business continues to just grow just like it did with me running it, except I'm not running it anymore.

And so here's what's interesting is that a lot of people think their businesses make a lot more money than they really do because they're getting returns on a very small amount of the actual business that they own, the enterprise versus what they're making from being a high skilled individual. Now it's good to have lots of skills because it's the way that you gain perspective from which to make judgments on the talent that you're going to hire and ultimately outsource the doing within the company or the thinking or the managing or the leading within the company. You have to know how to do it in order to recognize the talent in other people.

And so a lot of people try and jump that step. And this is one of the things that I think, I do think it's true. I could be wrong, but I think it's true that like the degree to which you've grown a business will cap, your business will cap it where you stop running it.

I think I could be wrong there. I don't know. But that's just kind of what I'm saying is like, I get messages every day from guys who are like, hey man, you know, our business is doing 50 grand a month.

I'm really, really ready to delegate it. And I'm like, I mean, it's probably not going to grow as fast as you want it to grow if you're not really the one doing it. Now, again, that could be a belief that I have because I mean, I think there are people who are better at growing things than I am.

Let me pause there for a second and give you an interesting tidbit. So in 2018, we did $17 million in profit from two of our businesses, right? Put together.

It's in our fitness space. And now this year, we'll probably finish those two businesses. We'll do about 8.1 million.

We're kind of running at that pace. I think that's what we'll finish this year at. And that's still with COVID for half the year.

So I think that business will, you know, go up and recover. But the point is, the difference between when we were making $17 million and the difference between now it's making $8 million is that I don't do anything now. And so my business is, believe it or not, more valuable now, those two businesses particularly, are more valuable now that I don't do anything within those businesses than they were when I did everything in those businesses.

And so I went from being very rich because of what I did to being wealthy because of what I own, right? Because I get returns on this business. And so for me to get 20% returns on this business, I have to go from 8 million this year to 9.6 million next year, which seems ridiculously easy to do.

Given what we have now, because now I can see all the pieces and I can assemble the business rather than building the business, which is I think what ends up becoming the owner hat, right? If you go from employee to self-employed to owner, right? Owners assemble businesses.

This is why words matter, right? Dialectics matter. How you describe the thing that you do matters, right?

So if you are self-employed, you're building the business, you're doing the building of the business. Whereas if you're an owner, you assemble the people who are building the business for you. All right.

And the thing is, is it takes skill to know what each of those roles are supposed to do. So that when someone comes in and says, Hey, I'm going to be a really good director of marketing, you can talk to them and then you can hear quickly. You're like, you don't know what you're talking about, right?

Or I'm going to be a director of sales. Well, you don't know what you're talking about, right? Or I'm going to be director of customer success.

Well, you don't know what you're talking about, right? And the idea is, and here's a really big nugget for you should write down right now. If you're not learning from your interview process, if you're not learning from the people who you were thinking about considering for this job or this opening or this need that needs to be solved within your business, if you talk to 20 people for head of customer success and you didn't learn anything, then you shouldn't hire any of them.

The idea is you should be able to quickly see throughout the interview process, all the things that you're not doing, because they should be able to take their experience and tell you what you're missing. And then when you see that, you actually learn more about the role as you talk to these people. And then that person who you ultimately do hire should know more than you, right?

As you're like, wait a second, how can, how can that person know more than me, but you still have to make a judgment, right? And so the idea is to have perspective in which to make a judgment, right? Like if I know more than you do about customer success, then you're not going to be good enough, right?

So the more you can set as your baseline level of knowledge, the more you can raise the bar. And so ultimately that's what I think entrepreneurship is, is that we have to learn about every aspect of the business because we want somebody to surpass us in those ways when they come in. And the more we level up all of our skill sets, the more we can make better judgments about who's going to succeed in this role.

And we can also set the tone of how excellent they should be. Because imagine you go into a business and the business owner doesn't know anything, right? You're like, God, I don't have to do anything here because this guy doesn't know anything, right?

Whereas if this guy knows so much about the role that you're trying to do, and you know just a little bit more than them, you're going to be on your toes at all the time because you know that this guy's legit, right? Or this gal's legit, right? And so that's the idea over time is that in the beginning, we're doing the things.

So first you're doing the wrong things, which is why you're poor, right? And then you start doing the right things, which is what makes you rich. And then you start transitioning from doing the right things to owning the right things, which is what makes you wealthy.

And the way to own the right things is to learn how to assemble a business with all the players by taking two steps forward and seeing what you are about to start doing, identifying rather than me doing it, I think who, not how. And then I have the perspective in which to make a judgment on that person who can fill that gap. And then all of a sudden I take the step back, I own the thing, and the thing runs and grows without me.

And that is how you transition from being an active to a passive owner, right? And so that's the goal. And so for me, it took me a long time to make that jump and understand.

It's like, well, if I can delegate this now, I can also delegate the next thing by finding who has the skill, by learning enough about it to recognize who has the talent and give it to them. That's the idea. And so if you can do that within your business, that is how you can turn active to passive.

That's how you can go from being rich to being wealthy. That's how you can transition from getting paid for what you do to getting returns on what you own. And that's the goal that I have for everyone here in Mosey Nation and everyone else in the world who gives a damn about what they do.

Anyways, I hope you're doing amazingly well when you're listening to this. Tune in for the next video. Hopefully it's awesome.

Hit subscribe if you like this stuff. And if you didn't like this stuff, then definitely hit subscribe. You can still tell me I suck and I'll be just fine.

So anyways, keep being awesome. I'll catch you guys on the flip side. Bye!