What's going on everyone? Today I want to talk about what it's like to live as the ultra wealthy. And so hi my name is Alex, owner of Allen Prestige Labs, Jim Launch and a number of other portfolio companies.

We did 120 plus million in the last four years and growing and I've learned a lot of lessons that I want to share some of those with you. And so one of the things is kind of understanding how the ultra wealthy live and I want to talk about some stuff that no one, no one, I feel like no one talks about. And it's something my dad used to tell me when I was growing up.

He said never be impressed by money. And he used to say that so many times when I was growing up and I like I didn't really get it as much but he was so big on it. I was like hey look at that guy he's so rich and he was just like don't be impressed by money.

And it's it's really kind of stuck with me. And so what I want to do is kind of show you some transparent things so that you can hopefully not be impressed by money. So it's really easy to look ultra wealthy.

All right so I'm gonna show you some of the things that you see on Instagram and some of the things that you know you see around and I'm gonna break it down for you money wise so that hopefully it stops impressing you. All right so we're gonna talk about private jets. We're gonna talk about and you know what I'll do at the end I'll tell you which one I think is worth it.

All right so you got private jets. Let's say you've got an exotic car. Okay let's say what else you probably want a penthouse right.

Want a penthouse. What else do we have on our on our dreams list? All right we got penthouse.

Let's see you want really nice clothes right. You want like really expensive you know expensive clothes. All right and then let's say fancy restaurants.

All right sweet let's let's walk through it. So this comes down to like if you're like man I really you know my dream lifestyle and I think this is a useful exercise for anyone to go through if you haven't already defined this stuff. But let's say that you travel six times a year.

So every two months all right you go somewhere there and back. Average travel at least in the US is gonna be two hours. So if you two hour flight six times a year all right there and back which is four hours.

Four hours of flying six times a year total. Just 24 hours. All right that's 24 hours.

The reason I'm defining this by hours is because private jets get price per hour. And if you're curious how much it costs if you go through a service you can usually get it for about four thousand dollars an hour. Okay so people don't know this that's how much it costs.

All right so it's about a hundred thousand dollars a year. Wait flying private's a hundred thousand dollars a year? I thought it was you had to be a super duper millionaire.

No not really. It's a hundred grand a year. Now do I think that's really expensive for flights?

When the alternative to that is for for for six flights could be you know maybe you know if you did first class you'd be maybe spending six grand you know. At worst if you did it last minute you'd spend like ten grand. So ten times the price for an alternative?

Well that's the alternative price. All right consider it. The next one exotic cars.

All right so I'll give you a range here but you can pretty much get a really nice car for a thousand dollars a month. Like a very very very nice car. If you want like a Rolls-Royce you know one of the most expensive cars and you were and you were leasing it you would spend you know forty five hundred month you know forty five hundred bucks a month.

All right so it's four thousand dollars a month which is about fifty thousand a year. Right? All right next one.

Penthouse. So if you this kind of depends on like unless you're in a major city but if you're not in a major city which is what most of the the IG influencers will try and influence you with. You can get a really nice place for five thousand dollars a month.

In just about every market that's not New York, you know LA, you know it's like maybe Miami and sometimes even the nice place Miami is like ten grand a month. Right? But you know what let's let's level up.

Let's live let's live a little bit. So we'll say ten thousand a month. All right really really really nice place.

All right so that's 120k a year. All right and then finally expensive clothes believe it or not are some of the cheapest things that are out there because I mean you buy your Gucci belt which is 500 bucks. You buy your your Gucci shoes which are another 600 bucks.

And then you know you want to buy the handful a hundred dollar t-shirts. Okay. So I mean you're spending what like three thousand dollars a year you know on clothes which is not nearly as much as you think.

Right? And then fancy restaurants. Let's say you go out to date night once a week and you drop four hundred dollars on a really nice dinner.

Really really nice dinner. I'm trying we're living it up here. Right?

So it's sixteen hundred bucks a month times twelve. I don't want to do the math there. Let's say it's 20k.

All right. So this lifestyle and this is the this is the I mean we're talking the ultra ultra ultra wealthy lifestyle. This isn't just like I'm a millionaire.

This is like I'm a super duper wealthy person. Right? I mean look at all this stuff.

We've got we've got Lamborghinis, penthouses, we're only wearing you know designer clothes. We've we travel with private jets. We go to fancy restaurants.

We do all of that stuff. How much does it actually cost? Right?

It costs hundred grand, 150, 270, about 300 grand a year. All right. 300 grand a year.

So that's that's it. That's the dream number. And I have so many people are like I need to make a zillion dollars.

Right? Well after taxes you need to make 300 grand. So you're looking at 500 ish thousand a year.

550 is what you need to make. And that is a top that's top 1%. But this is so stupid.

As someone who literally has done all of these things. Let me let me give you some insight into some of the stuff that I've discovered. One flying private is actually really nice.

But it's it's wildly expensive and I still feel guilty for it. Exotic car definitely not worth it. I have two and like I they're so not worth it at all.

Like seriously not worth it at all. The incremental enjoyment that I get compared to driving like an old Prius or a pickup truck is is inconsequential. If anything you get used to it within like a week or two.

And honestly the only reason I got this is because I was on a podcast with Brad Lee if you guys know him. And he was like dude you're so cheap. He's like just go you know like just get the car because my wife and I split a car until not that long ago.

And he was like dude you make so much money just go get the darn car. So I was like all right I won't be a cheap ass. And so I got the car and now I totally regret it.

But you know it is what it is. So hopefully you can learn from that mistake. That being said what I'm gonna do is also I'll walk through percentage of income.

Like for perspective if I can do this all of this stuff off of one week's income it what do you do the next week. Right. And so that's why increasing your income is so important because all of this stuff's actually really easy to achieve.

And so that's why I don't think you should be like taking huge advice from people. Because you know getting a business to do you know $80,000 a month and you know taking home 40 pretty much just affords you this lifestyle. And that's it.

Like no mind you knock out private jet flying and you know make a reasonable penthouse instead of a $10,000 a month penthouse which is is a really nice place right. Then just like that we took out half the cost of this lifestyle. So now we're down to $150,000.

Right. It's like okay well then I could still look like a super and I still have my exotic car still have expensive clothes still eat at fancy restaurants and that's on $150,000 a year. Right.

And so my biggest takeaways here are or that I hope people take away is like the people who have the most money honestly all of this stuff is a very very small percentage of their income. And so don't let this be the reason that you listen to someone because there are people who live like this and that's 100% of their income. And those are people you should not listen to for advice on money.

Right. Like in my opinion the only reason you should ever get to this part is is when you're you know it's you're living this is this is less than 10% of what you make. That's my that's my opinion.

Less than 10% of what you make you save 90%. All right. And so overall the that's my that's my big message is that I have I have done all of these things.

I am not currently wearing fancy clothes. I'm wearing jean shorts and a t-shirt that my aunt gave me for Christmas. Fancy restaurants.

This is something that I do with Layla and I actually feel like I get a good return on our date night but not on the fact that it's a fancy restaurant. I enjoy Applebee's, Cheesecake Factory, BJ's and Chili's and Chipotle honestly just as much as I enjoy the fancy restaurant. I think the value of the fancy restaurant is that you dress up more so than the actual food and experience.

And I've had the $500 steaks and all that stuff and honestly like a really good double meat Chipotle bowl hard to beat. Fajitas and chips at Chili's hard to beat. Cheesecake Factory cheesecake hard to beat.

Pizookie at BJ's no one has anything on their desserts right. And so what's interesting is that having now done these exotic things especially like cars and experiences you'd be surprised that a lot of times I think the best quality having now tasted all of these things the best quality comes from the stuff that tends to be the biggest mass market because they do the most product testing. And so recently I rented a, I think I rented a Chevy Suburban.

We were traveling somewhere and the interface was so much easier to deal with than my Bentley's interface. It was so simple. I plugged my phone in.

It worked automatically. It was just like, it was such a dream compared to this thing that's a $350,000 car because they only make, you know, a handful of them. So they don't have nearly the product testing and they put all these gizmos in it that are impossible to figure out how to use.

And so don't, don't be, don't be persuaded by this stuff. All right. Try and try.

This is just my two cents. You can take whatever you want from it. But this has just been my experience with all of these things.

Restaurants, I like the, the cheaper ones better. Expensive clothes, I, clothes I get nothing from. So personally, I think I have some shirts that are awesome, but the mass majority of them are less than $30.

The penthouse thing. I don't think you should spend a lot of money on where you live personally. I think if you look at your primary residence as an investment, if you can and live in something that would be an investment income type property, then I think it makes sense.

Like the places that really make sense is like, if you can live in a duplex and rent out the other spot, you live for free and you're appreciating the assets you have, that stuff makes a lot of sense to me. And you have to pick, figure out what your trade-offs are. But if this is the absolute ultra wealthy, you know, a lifestyle, do you know what ultra, ultra wealthy is?

Because I'll tell you what it is right now. It's 30 million or more, 30 million to a billion in investable assets. Well, if you have $30 million in investable assets, that's the bottom range of ultra high net worth.

Then if you're gaining even 10% a year, you're making 3 million a year, right? On your money, just your money making money. And so just your passive income is 10 times greater than what it costs to live this way.

And so in that instance, it kind of makes sense, right? Or it's like, if you want to do it, do it. But I'll tell you this, of the people that I know were ultra wealthy, not kind of wealthy, not high net worth, which is 5 to 30, or just, or millionaire, right?

Which is 1 to 5. The people who have that stuff, who are the highest that I know, almost all of them, I've had these conversations with them, have come to the same conclusion, which is almost none of this stuff is worth it. And so you get there, you try the fruit and you realize this is just not worth it.

So if I can hopefully save somebody a couple hundred grand who does get there, then try and avoid this stuff. That's, that's my two cents. So that's what I, that's what I have for you.

If you've, if you've never experienced this stuff or don't know how much it costs, this is how much this stuff costs in the real world. I do think you should spend less than, if you can, less than 10% of what you make, because if you can spend less than 10% of what you make, then it means that honestly, within two to five years, you can live completely free of anything because your wealth is a ratio between your expenses and your income. It is not a number.

That's the thing everyone messes up. It's an expense. It's a ratio of income to expenses.

That is what wealth is. And so if your income to expense ratio is 10 to one, you're very wealthy. So whether you live on $30,000 a year and you make $300,000 a year, that is a very wealthy person.

They're extremely, extremely well set up. They have no stress because they have so much more than they need. And so that's what I think the key comes down to is having so much more than you need.

And the happiness equation, if you guys don't know what it actually is, it's not a, when I get X, I will be happy. That's a, that's not the right one. The right one is halves over wants.

And if you can get your wants to zero, then it doesn't matter what you have on top equals infinity. And so as much as everyone likes to chase the top number to compensate for the fact that they want these things, if you can simply decrease the desire, you will increase the abundance in your life. And by extension, your, your income to expense ratio, which is what will build your wealth and give you the freedom you want.

So anyways, this has been a little experience of mine that I hope you find valuable and hopefully you don't have to make some of these lovely mistakes that I have. Um, keep being awesome. Lots of love.

I'll catch you guys soon. Bye.