What's the theory behind starting a session in calf raises? So can I have big calves? Of course.

How can I, how can I forget? I have started with calves for more than 10 years now, straight. And the reason for that is because calves are my weakest body part in terms of like proportions.

Isn't this nice? It's lovely. It's meant for two.

It is kind of cute. It's a funny system. It is kind of cute.

Yeah. That's great. So I actually train my body in reverse order of weakness.

Wouldn't advise it. Like my reverse order of my like worst body part to best body part. Okay.

If you go ground up legs wise, it's like your calves are nice and warm. And then I do hamstrings next. Yep.

And so our knee joint is going to be like nice and luped up. Yeah. So that when I actually do a leg move, I feel pretty good.

When I put them first and then I doubled the amount of volume and I did them in every workout rather than like two times a week. That's when my calves started to really grow. I think that there's something definitely underrated about starting a session with a real low investment movement.

It's like no one's ever going to say no to another set of calf raises. I really don't want to train today. Yeah.

Well, I'm standing on the edge of this thing. You're actually converting me. You're actually converting me.

I mean, like I've been doing this for 20 years. Like I've done iterations. I've been doing this for 10.

Like I haven't, I haven't changed it. It's like, it's right. I've heard you say that you do just one body part each session and just consistently get volume in.

Is that still the same? 100%. I don't think that many people have the same approach to training that Alex does.

Not many people begin their workout with like 100 repetitions on calves. And not many people do the exact same routine every single session full body. Have you ever had any temptation to do a different training modality?

A functional thing? A Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu thing? A CrossFit thing?

Nope. No desire? None.

I did my experimentation way earlier. Like when I was in my like 20s, I was like, I'll try CrossFit. I did all body weight for six months.

I did only swimming. You know what I mean? I did only kettlebells.

I did that for a year. I didn't know anything. So I started from absolute ignorance.

And so I would read these sales letters for like kettlebells. And I'd be like, oh, kettlebells are what I need to do. And then I'd read a new e-book about like how body weight training was like the new thing.

And then I would just do body weight stuff. And then I'd read about isometrics is actually where you can get the most strength. And I would do that.

And so I did all sorts of programs and methodologies for a while before I kind of like actually learned the few things that matter. I wanted max muscle, least headache. I train full body every day.

So like body composition wise, it's the best for me. I can do supersets so I don't have to do cardio. And you gain the most muscle.

So like why would I want anything that's not the most muscle? Yep. And that works for me.

Good. But hamstrings after this will feel great. Yeah.

Because your calves always get involved in hamstrings. So it's like pre-fatigue the calves and then it'll only be hamstrings. Yes.

Pre-fatigue calves and hams and it'll only be. Oh, it's right here. Yep.

Very nice. Hams. Sure.

You want to do seated or lying? We'll do seated. Sure.

No lumbar. So I would always. If I was ever doing seated hamstring curls, I would always superset them with leg extensions.

Always. Because for me, I'm like, why wouldn't I? Why wouldn't I?

Why wouldn't you? Well, why wouldn't I? Because then I'll be out of breath.

But I thought that the supersets, I thought supersets were cardio. I would if I was trying to get in better shape. Today's not cardio day.

No. In between sets is camera time. Understood.

And when camera's not here, it's rest time. Why lean forward? You'll see.

So lock you down as much as hard as you can on your knees, like extra. There you go. So lean forward and put your chest up.

See the stretch? Now lean forward even more. Yeah.

Arch your chest more. So the stretch of your hamstring could catch you. There you go.

It stretches the shit out of it like this. And then also keeps the tension the whole time on your hamstring. Yep.

So you don't have any rest. Whereas if you're back here, you're now. Yeah.

Yep. It's way pumpier that way. But this got my hamstring so much better than leaning back.

Yep. Big stretch, big squeeze. Big stretch, big squeeze.

Multiple gym memberships within the same city. So good. Because you get sick of training in one place.

Or you're in a different vibe. Kind of the same as the working thing at the desk. Change your environment.

Yeah. So if I need to prep for a guest, I go to Gold South Central. It's nice and quiet.

No one ever hassles me. If you want to get a session in with the boys, there's a spit and sawdust indoor-outdoor thing. That's really cool.

And then if we want some functional classes, Onnit's got a gym. It's really good. Good man.

Yeah me. Yeah me. If you really want to fuck with yourself, point your toes forward.

Now try it. Oh that's awful. Oh.

Because it shows you how much your cap gets involved. Yeah. Because you flex your cap, can't use it.

Yeah. It's crazy how many variants there can be of one movement where you think, well I'm totally fucking locked in. But then if I go here, and then if I go here, but then if I don't go here.

Totally different. Yeah. Crazy.

It's actually a cool mechanical drop set that way. Oh. So you start with your toes out.

Yep. And then you basically go neutral. Go back to make it easy.

Yep. Yep. Yep.

Whoa. But I usually just go limp feet. So like, not this way, which still helps you.

Yep. This way, like, which takes it all out. I just go neutral.

Dangly. Dangly feet. Dangly feet.

I've always preferred training with a partner. I think, especially after a long time in the gym, a decade and a bit, you end up just running out of juice. I just don't have all that much motivation when I'm on my own.

I'll go in and I'll go through the motions, but if I'm going to push myself even remotely hard, I need someone else there. Or else you end up scrolling, doom scrolling on your phone or getting distracted by emails or something. What?

Yeah, boy. It's funny because people in the gym are going to think we're fitness influencers. But we're not.

All of these videos have got nothing to do with fitness. In fact, the fitness is just a break from recording content. Yeah.

Shouldn't they be in better shape? Why aren't they bigger? I ask myself that every day.

Why isn't he wearing a supplement company's apparel? What's he acquiring? Yeah, what is he acquiring?

Hasn't he acquired any fucking muscle? Yeah. Why don't you acquire some gains, bro?

It's like ideally you want to walk it like right above your kneecap. Yes. And then stabilize the joint.

Come on, dude. Yep. Cut.

All right. That's it for me. Ah, cool.

Ah, cool. This is one of those machines where three plates could be impossible. Yeah.

All three plates could be absolutely nothing. Yeah. It'll be between those two extremes.

That's my promise. Oh, can you try and touch your handshake to your butt now? There's a little bit of range there, I think.

He's a little puffed up. Can we tell you about this? So I'm trying to make puffy a thing.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm all puffed up.

Oh, my legs are all puffed right now. Oh. How many vest brands did you need to go through before you decided on the one that every acquisition.com thing is printed on?

You mean this particular vest? Yeah. Tank top.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

Probably 30 or 40. Okay. Yeah.

What were the most common problems that you encountered with other vests? If you get 10 mediums and they fit different, there's not consistency there. One.

Two, they shrink differently. Where am I here? Here and then that out?

Yeah, this turns out and then hands here. Different ones shrink at different sizes when you wash. Yep.

Some of them were like too thin up top or too thick up top. Yep. Some of them would bunch.

So it kind of like float like this above. The actual softness of the shirt because sometimes it just like, it just feels like paper. So I look for like softness.

All too thick. Yeah. And then some of them don't stretch at all.

So I need a little bit of like elastic in it. So it shows all the good, hides all the bad, you know what I'm saying? Those are the big, I actually have a list on my phone for like all the things I was rating them on.

But those are off the top of my head. Good. I'm still not done my shoe test.

I'm on like shoe number probably 50. And what is it that you, a lot of shoes are the toughest by far. You think?

It has to be able to get me into a nice establishment. Yep. I have to be able to work out in it.

Yep. It has to be able to get wet because I don't want to have like a different shoe when I'm traveling that gets wet. Yep.

My feet can't sweat in it and they can't smell over time. Yeah, that's hard. I need to wear socks.

I don't wear socks. Yeah, that's difficult. I mean, that's a high bar.

Just that is a high bar. Yep. Yep.

And I've been able to work out with them like doing calf raises and also like, I have to go to walk in them with no like blisters anywhere. Yep. And I walk an hour every day.

Are you puffy? Puffy. I'm very puffy actually.

Okay, good. Would you be able to get into a nice establishment in those trainers, do you think? Yeah.

The only thing I've ever seen at the nicest places is no sandals. Is there too many rich guys? Wear normal.

You heard of the red sneaker effect, right? What? There was a study done at a conference with businessmen and they tried to quantify the objective metrics of how smart somebody dressed.

And there was an inverse correlation between smartness of dress and the net worth or the job title that this person had. There's the people who had dressed down the most that had the most wealth. Checks out.

Counter signaling is a hell of a drug, man. I mean, usually I try and rest as little as I can between sets. That's the strange thing about training with a partner.

Even though you have to wait for someone else to finish that set, you rest less. You rest less because you've got a timer. The timer is the other person's set.

I'm about 50-50 in terms of whether I train with people or not. There are seasons where I find somebody that we have times that work out for a season and I work out with them. And then there's times when my schedule is kind of crazy and I just get workouts when I can.

I would say that I far prefer working out with other people whenever I can. Just because I train harder, I train longer, I do more sets, I probably do better form. And I just, in general, work out harder and longer when I have other people around me.

Three is like perfect. That's the optimal two to one. Yeah.

I would say that that's probably not far. And that's exactly what it is. It's two parts rest for one part lifting.

I would say there's two different types of training sessions. So there's like a training session where you're like going in there to die and remove your own soul and look at it like deep into its own eyes and then put it back into yourself. And then there's training sessions where it's like, I would say, a more social training session.

And to me, that was like a more social training session. So I still got a workout in, but like I wasn't dying. If you want sneaky cardio, 90 minutes of pickleball is a thousand calories.

It's fucking insane. And you don't even think, you're just like, you're just chasing a ball. You're not doing cardio, you're chasing a ball.

A thousand calories on a Concept2 skier or a rower. Misery. Miserable.

Yeah. My idea of hell. So that goes to what Trevor was talking about, where the people who are the quote most disciplined aren't actually more disciplined.

They figure out something to do in the meantime. So it's like, you did the same cardio as the guy in the skier. He gets off, he's like, I'm so fucking disciplined.

Yeah. And to you, it didn't feel like discipline. Yeah.

Felt like the opposite. Right. So I think like, therein lies a pretty big...

Find, hashtag find your pickleball. Find your pickleball. And then get Puffy on it.

I don't stop trying to make Puffy a thing. Puffy's not going to be a thing. Oh, it's going to be huge.

Big Puff. Chris and I have a good dynamic on the podcast and off the podcast. I think we very bro talk.

So we keep it light, which is nice. Because, you know, life can be really serious all the time. And it's ironic because he has a podcast on like wisdom and deep philosophical things.

And it'd be really easy to take yourself seriously. And I'm glad that he doesn't. And he can talk shit with me.

What's that you think, Warren? We'll do one more just in case. You know the rule.

If you have to ask. If you have another set left, you got to do another set. Why?

I feel very more ears. You want me to there? Yeah, because the machine makes go up.

Yeah. If your feet are too much felt enough, that's going to push you up. So like, if you go more wide, just like this and more wide, you're going to be more able to fill all this part.

All right, doctor. It's made for. All right.

That's what we're doing. A little bit more high. And we'll be more wide too.

More wide? Very easily on the corner. Yeah.

All right. Here? Yeah.

Oh. All right, doctor. Yeah.

All right. Open this. Yeah.

Yeah. Oh. Yeah.

How would you feel if my one comes? Come on. Yep.

Yep. Baby. That's why you gotta listen to pros, baby.

The greatest hack of all time, whether it's bodybuilding or business, is getting with people who are far ahead of you. I mean, almost all of the periods of my life where I had huge changes or improvements in my physique was when I had people who were better than me giving me insight. Because the thing is, you can learn a certain amount, but if someone has a decade of experience on something and then they can just immediately spot.

Even if you're a video editor, someone's like, oh, did you miss this? They have more context to give you advice, and it's invaluable. Which is why I've tried to buy any experience I can from anybody who's willing to sell it to me.

I'd rather get the lesson without the scar. Alright, let's take shoulders. Is there a nice seated?

Yes. Oh yeah. The post quad stretch for max pump.

Brutal. My quads are on fire right now. What's the keys here?

Any? So do this, right before you start. Push your shoulders like forward, not back.

Forward. So where do you want to have them sit? As far out as you can, yep.

Got you, okay. Nice. Most people with a small arm are medial and rear delts.

So I pretty much just exclusively train medial and rear. Not even train front. Not my deficiency.

Not my constraint. Not my problem. Get ready.

Get ready. Oh my God. I'm going to get ready.

Come on. Come on. Yep.

So I would like to enter into your shoe rotation, Vans old school comfy kush. But I think... them today i think they fail on smell yeah and i think that they fail on getting wet so it depends on how wet wet from below fine wet from above no good so they have a new one that came out that has cork bottom and it's mesh on top so it's meshy like this oh i've seen them they're called like the move built i was wearing them today underneath the table i didn't no i didn't notice good so far they they haven't failed any tests but these are better to work out and got you slip on slip off if you've got a shoe horn shoe horn yeah you're red-pilled on a shoe horn yeah come on do you ever have to fight to put your shoes on these are stretchy but what about the vans that was a downside for them i wasn't a shoe horn and you bypass that that's expanded your choice it has landscape yeah by having a shoe on i usually only do slip on slip off how much do you value the skin on the back of your thumb probably quite highly i would imagine extremely high yeah arguably the highest skin most valuable skin really oh yeah really think about lots of people in america are circumcised don't they i forget yeah i'm probably the only person in this building with a foreskin that's probably we'll cut that one from the real oh just like he got see what i did there question for you yes who's your favorite person to interview who's the your favorite interviewer interviewer is rogan the guy is so good it's all about people from the outside will see someone that's got a very successful platform but his use of cadence and silence in a conversation is unbelievable i thought i've worked very hard at this done 600 episodes i get to sit down with this guy and it's like uh being a black belt and go no i get to roll with the seventh dan let's see how good he actually is and you're like what the was that yeah very very very impressive like super impressive interviewer that's cool in terms of people to interview one person that i love consistently is rory sutherland okay he's so fun super easy very knowledgeable very knowledgeable um something about seeing a guy double fisting vapes throughout the entire episode one of which is on a rope around his neck so he'll have one on a rope around his neck so it's never more than a foot and a half from his mouth at any one time and uh so legendary how's this feel shoulder wise good yeah that's good it's a a quite a weak angle like you know if you were here you'd be way way way stronger but it feels like it's that kind of um given that you've done 3 500 hours yeah of writing yeah what are the main principles that you rely on to remove friction from the writing process what are the water desk setup time of day yeah like well not everything and in terms of like i think the actual writing the day got it um i mean i i pretty much just write the same time every day which is when i wake up and then i write till noon and that's basically the only thing okay i don't do anything else but you're using i saw you use nicotine today during the podcast i do that all the time though oh so that's not uh equal opportunity very good yes it's task independent yeah so i guess the lesson from triple calls nicotine a global reward what's that it's a global reward you can do you can use it to reward anything something tells me that you and rory are aligned on this come on oh cheeky little drop set go on then yeah cheeky little drop set oh there it is get those so the rule is sit down and write that's the rule it's not even a rule that's just like when i do it but that's your strategy that's what i do is sit down and write i'll say this my strategy is do the thing that's most important first okay and for now it's writing and then it'll be something else later yep so that's my i would say the macro calendar is the bigger thing i don't take meetings until noon or one and then that first slot gets switched out with whatever the priority is understood do you take a break during writing during that six hour block to have like a shake yep half the time i do it while i'm writing half the time i take a break if i need it yep okay but not long 15 minutes interesting was it more difficult before you were in the editing phase in that there's a maximum number of ideas per minute that you can put out onto paper so you have to kind of sit and think right what am i actually trying to do or say here i'd say it's more phases so it's more like figuring out what i'm going to say first that's what took the longest then was writing it which took which was the easiest yep and then basically taking what i wrote cutting out half of it filling in the other half cutting half of it again filling in the next half cut it just basically just continue to just compact compact compact compact the book's probably 270 pages but it got compressed from a thousand plus yep and just like the rule is always like if we read two sentences and if we only read one of them it still meant the same thing one of them is not required and we just do that over and over and over again yep so that my hope is that the whole book is literally tweet after tweet after tweet for 300 pages you had the almanac of nabal ravikant yeah yeah kind of like that very dense high signal to noise this one's gonna be a bear because it's basically like eight books in one which sounds ridiculous to say but like it shows how to do warm outreach cold outreach post content run ads hire agencies hire hire recruit training train manage employees build affiliate programs build referral systems in one book and so like each one of those 25 to 30 pages was probably like 150 page relevant book yes that just got squeezed until there was nothing left that we could cut and it's like if you read this you will know how to set up affiliates if you read this you know how to set up a referral system if you read this you know how to get your first five months from one readouts if you read this you know how to post content to get customers was there anything that you had to write that you didn't know um yeah all the time i have like my best ideas of like this it's usually i start with anecdote of like this is what we did this is what worked well and then that's what trevor and i will beat up until we're like what are the principles behind a good referral system and then one doesn't and then we'll try and break and be like all right was there one that worked that didn't have those things and we just that process is what takes the longest yep because we want it to be valid yep and that's the hard part yes because it's very like every marketer has their system in their head and they write it down and they send it but you can immediately break it which is why it's not valid which is why it doesn't get shared why doesn't it become canon so the goal was like if i can make something that no one can disprove then it become canon and people can use it so first one was offers yep second one's leads leads third one is fourth one is i have a couple ideas but for now the next book cool there'll be more yep all right um last set one more all right if you have to ask all right we'll do um we'll do a double drop okay so go 10 10 10.

cool all right yeah i think that was what i was trying to get out today with that bridge between the philosophy and the applicability yeah and that because in the world of business a great philosophy that doesn't make money doesn't matter yeah the validity of the model is how much money you make correct right which means that a beautifully sounding theory that isn't effective in the real world is pointless so everything that you're talking about has been stress tested well we just start with what worked and then we try and figure out what makes it work always yeah so it's like affiliates we're like how much do we pay them on what cadence and do we have tears and what do they have to do to earn the tears yep how do we activate them how do we get them to keep marketing so this will just bother all the fitness people but i try and do as many perfect reps as i can and then i try and do as many imperfect reps as i can and people are like isn't that going to only strengthen a certain range how i see it is i fatigue all the stuff that i can at max range and then i keep going until i fatigue the stuff they can do partial range so just for me it kills it more and i get more volume in per set i'm definitely not an expert but for me once i'm here this is the end of my delt as i feel it everything above that for me is trapped and i get these crazy pains in my neck so i have a nice stop sign because i feel a shooting pain but for me i can just do this and know that that's the end of my delt and so that's the range i train but plenty of people just to go with me and they're probably right and smarter i think it was i think this was like when i was training classes at huntington beach this was a hot song so i heard it like 40 times a day yeah i'm sure when you were clubbing there's just songs like umbrella correct correct correct given that i listen mostly to either like british rap or metal neither of which get played in nightclubs all that much i knew the words to every single song that was in the top 40 for a decade and a half what kind of metal all sorts dude bring me the horizon what about hard sleep or dad metal what hard or dad metal dad no not dad metal give me a break how heavy is this one arm yeah one arm yep i try to lean my hip out so you get a bigger stretch you'll see you on under yeah i'm under under here here here yeah and then just wedge yourself in you know you asked me earlier about do i remember this name of the song that was playing i don't know the name of any song like lyrics for sure it's kind of a crazy claim i don't know the name of any song let's say this way like me recognizing a song by name is very hard for me and i listen to that for what do you think that says about you i have very bad audio memory my wife will attest to that wouldn't it be great if you have absolutely great audio memory and forgetting all of these song names is just one long one you troll yeah yeah yeah yeah i had really bought in keeps saying forgets the name of rihanna the only song that i know the full lyrics to was one that i had to write out in seventh grade they were trying to teach poetry and they're basically saying look songs are poems like you know whatever and so i remember the eve six song that i wrote down and that was it and it was like you had to find similes and metaphors like in the in the thing wow that's it it's the only one i know the lyrics though because i could read it funny there you go i actually think that this bag is a very good physical representation of your life philosophy so i think it's incredibly transactional it's like just does the thing even if it's not what it was designed for actually does it better than something else might do it again just stinks of hormosie doesn't it absolutely reeks of hormosie um zero aesthetics uh very functional odd it completely disregards convention how many things did you go through before you tried this oh plenty yeah yeah different types of bags different types of stuff yeah rolly bag and you settled on a workman's bag yeah also lasts forever but it still had a bunch of issues with it so i ended up modifying a bunch to the bag like cutting things off and like moving stuff around um but what i have now is the best you know gym bag that i know of and uh it kills yeah mid back smokes it oh uh other things that i've had to learn since i've been in america biscuit uh-huh isn't a biscuit no not a thing biscuits are cookies for dogs biscuit is like a scone that goes on the side of beef yeah at cracker barrel yeah piece of bread yeah yeah chips or it's a dog biscuit in which case it's a treat for dogs fine yeah chips yeah me like thick french fries yeah they're not no very difficult assimilating into this new culture has been incredibly difficult for me and i spent fourth of july here which was emotionally quite a tough day yeah anyone comment uh i wore a t-shirt that said uh happy treason day ungrateful colonists yeah um what is it and then they were like winners right history did you see any back-to-back world war champs no that's funny yep yep oh yeah oh that smokes he's one of the problems of training with alex somebody who has a very dialed in gym routine but for him he doesn't train his chest doesn't train his chest because he says his chest doesn't need to grow anymore some of us don't have that problem might have been nice to have done some chest today but look i don't mean his town for the back titties the back titties it's a big back back big back puff oh stop trying to make puff happen puffy's gonna be huge stay puffy all right make sure that chapstick's nice and secure in case something traumatic happens during these bikes yeah that's my sunscreen oh i see interesting yeah and yeah you see the pocket for it on the side oh yeah meant for it meant to be all right so i just move them forward like two inches and then you get the full stretch yeah it's just significantly harder and you get a mean bump am i doing it right doesn't give a he's busy it's like i'm busy being bigger than busy being massive so the way i don't know what's right i'm now basically so now you know you can move them off a bell right say it's very quickly but once you've been on uh long way i'll call this clip so i want to be quick this case kid who is than a red rock yes Good now this is coming up getting buck me Tori's not making sentir your body right off and then we are sending his body right off my nå job he told me to go get delir year cut off Yeah, right there. Tight this before you go tight. Tight up.

Woo! Spicy. Oh, yeah.

Very spicy. That's right. Caleb, who's bigger?

Am I bigger? Am I bigger? Am I bigger?

I don't know. I don't think I got my leg that bad. Oh.

I got my leg, but it's just because normally you have more water on the lower body than the upper body. More what? Yeah, more water than the upper body.

But for you, I don't do what they don't take. Yeah. Oh, no.

Alright. So how do you not stay egotistical? You're fucking people bigger than you.

I feel like that's like a perfect microcosm of what we were talking about. Yep. Correct.

Correct. Correct. Come on.

Just catch us up. Come on. Come on.

Oh, yeah. 20 pounds never felt so heavy. Start it.

Oh, yeah. Humbling. Oh, yeah.

It's just not heavy enough. Because like, you can do a delt raise with 20. So at like this angle, it's like not that bad.

There you go. Back more. Put your butt.

Okay. Easy. There it is.

Money reps. Oh. Okay.

Yep. Okay. Okay.

Yep. Okay. Okay.

Must be nice. Okay. Yep.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. So if you stayed in the gym because you were going to cobblest. We all happened very quickly.

Great. How about wearing a bibb? Happy embodiment?

Okay. Yeah, great. The bag, I mean, it's so good.

We're letting the bag come inside. Yeah, great. Two guys, you just meant to wear a boogie.

Yeah, got done. I mean, e-the bag comes inside. We got plates.

No, you're not. Yeah, he was a engages with any boobs, doing anything to руб. Oh, you're just Sofia was a gay woman.

Again and they're so tired. It was wonderful. This guy would be nice.

It means foreign that uprook all'n the money, people get jazzed out, and I just need a met Cay rib graph. I hardcore considered it overalls because then it would like eliminate so many things in my life. I mean if you Okay, like the only thing so I have to find what do you call the the girl version of that a romper?

Yeah, it'd have to be a jean romper because I want the short version. I don't want to I get hot I Give it a go Layla would probably revolt But I would continue anyways because she's more attracted to the fact and I get what she thinks That's a really interesting point. It's an interesting point that something that your wife would prefer you doing Is less attractive than you not doing the thing that she would prefer you do because of what it means to her.

Yes, right Correct. Just preaching the gospel here of personal of personal Personal brand recall Personal identity. There you go.

Preach the brand of authenticity. It's like the inverse of the shit test You know like it's us so shit test was this thing that came up during pick-up artistry that girls would like give you a challenge of some kind or I bet you're not actually that strong in the gym or I bet you don't actually have that job I bet you don't drive whatever the whatever the thing and that was a shit test. Yeah, and it was uh, the same way that some female frogs will uh Fight with males to test their strengths before they actually decide to sleep with them.

All right, and uh uh I'm ready This feels like the reverse of that. This is like she's she's testing you but the actual outcome that's optimal for attraction is You you reject her. Yeah, you reject the test entirely.

Yeah. Yeah, you punked the game Yeah, because I feel like I was thinking I was like, what would I say if some girl was like You really don't make what you say you make. I'd be like, okay I just like rejected and I would just be like, I'm sure you have somewhere.

I probably wouldn't even say that I would just say okay and keep talking to whoever I was talking to Come on Dude, I just love these reps. They just feel so good Come on Oh, yeah Oh, yeah There it is Big squeeze The largest squeeze Dude, I'm getting puffy I can feel it My arms are puffed I'm like three-quarter puffed Not full puffed This is a public service announcement. Alex Stop trying to make puffy a thing It's never going to be a thing And it makes me uncomfortable every time that I hear you say it You can't even push back against it.

You're like what you're pushing back against I'm like well pushing back against you saying that word. What word? Yeah The p-word Don't say the p-word There you go All right, let's put these back.

We'll do some triceratops So fun fact I tweaked the shit out of my tricep like two months ago And then rather than take off I just went to the lowest weight I could on this machine because this is the machine I tweaked it on And then I've just been adding 10 pounds every week And now I'm like back and it doesn't hurt It's the best way I know how to revamp Keep moving but keep moving light Just basically keep dropping the weight Until it does like whatever the thing you hurt it on It's kind of like with gymnasts they tell them to get right back on the pummel horse if you fall off so you don't like Get fucked up in the head about it So I hurt myself on this machine And then I dropped it down to like the lowest thing I do that didn't hurt And then I just add it back rather than be like oh i'm gonna take like two months off or whatever I just came right back and did the lowest weight I could without it hurting So you like this It's a little long heady at the top from that that boys Yeah, I just try and maximize whatever the my angle of the tree like when I squeeze this It's not like because obviously you could do this. Yeah Yeah, but it'd be weird in my opinion Yeah Yeah, it's more like how can I keep this angle As acute as possible and then get it A lot of stuff on like warm-ups is not like super definitive. It's like stretching There's like bodies of evidence on both sides that are like doesn't help prevent injury blah blah blah So like I think it's more about warming core temperature Rather than like each specific movement So that's why I do calves first because they get warm Another reason I do calves first The bulgarian olympic team never warmed up.

They went straight to squats Now it's more testament to the fact that they picked the right people who wouldn't get injured training that way correct Then it is a measure that that training is effective. So here's something that's interesting a question I had for you That's more about how you guys work with acquisition.com There's a very common strategy that people use when it comes to growing a business that's in that kind of region Yeah, which is Bring somebody on board and then apply ungodly amounts of pressure to the founder Just lean on the founder like fuck. Yeah And the presumption is that they're either going to crush under the pressure And if they manage to stick about The business by design has made three years of growth in one year.

What do you think about that approach? I think it's actually dictated by the returns they promised limited partners More so than It's basically like we have to deliver these returns in five years The only way for that to happen with a vc model which is usually the ones that do that Or that they have to spray and pray on 50 investments knowing that one's going to 100x and cover the whole portfolio in terms of returns And they can afford to have lots of losses. So what's different with what you're doing?

We don't really think any of them are going to think any of them are 100x, but it's Not the model we don't we're not like a tech primary investor like we're much more What I would call everyday businesses like mortgage sales Photography shops, you know, I mean just normal businesses insurance like that And uh for us, I would rather have all of our businesses triple Over five years get same or better returns than those guys do and not burn 49 relationships Both work financially. It's just also like how you want to live life and we are also Like we're growth partners, but a lot of businesses don't require A winner take all model like facebook one guy was going to get the whole social network So you have to do it that way, but like Mortgage sales one guy doesn't like there's no advantage to You're not going to take the mortgage sales market. You'll just keep gnawing away at it And there's a lot of businesses that if they didn't have that forced pressure would otherwise be good businesses Even if they don't have an enormous tam, they can still generate really good returns Not 100x returns, but you can get it 10x And i'd rather take a 10x when I can get it Then force 100x and lose the 10x you know in the process Given that you do full body every day Do you cycle different exercises across the week?

It's not a ton Do you do them across periods? I show you the same body parts every day. Yep.

We did hip thing today If i'm feeling it i'll do that for a little bit if i'm not feeling it one day i do a different leg exercise I just don't have a lot of rules But my point being that given that you want a well-rounded physique. Yeah, for instance if you were to continue to do this You're never actually going to yeah, I'll use like When I do back my break Alice gets hit. Yep, and I will without trying Over time cycle things in and if I ever identify that I have a weakness like a clear visual weakness Then that moves up in the workout like i'll i'll really prioritize otherwise I'm also kind of at like the point in my career like i'm not really going to gain any more muscle So it's just like I stimulate that keeps what i've got Try not to hurt myself Do that hopefully until I die That's my perspective.

How's your dad built physically? Uh, like me but doesn't have like Yeah, yeah muscle muscle, but you think you had a good genetic base Yeah, I think um so I was I heard about this from greg knuckles big big lifting guy some people who are who are naturally like big and muscular Have low potential for growth but have a high baseline. Yep.

Some guys have huge growth potential But our tiny dudes genetically, so people people see people they're like dude that guy's a fucking shit house Like if he actually lifted but they're completely separate jeans interesting Stay puffy