What's going on everyone? In this video, I'm going to talk about why I think self-care is absolute nonsense and why you should run the other way from anybody who's telling you otherwise. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Alex Ramosi on acquisition.com.

Got some new swag. We run a portfolio of $100 million companies that make all the money and it doesn't matter. Anyways, so purpose of this video, like I said, all this self-care hoodoo nonsense gets people in a lot of trouble.

And the reason for that is because we think that for some reason we are doing something wrong when we are not self-caring because it is bad to not self-care because we should, we must, or else, or what. And the reason this pisses me off, the reason that I made a tweet that went viral this morning about this is that weekends are new for humans. They're not even 100 years old.

1929 in England is when the first weekend got passed by a union. And it's because people hated what they were doing for their life. And so if you want to truly give self-care, then stop hating what you do every day.

Novel concept. I know. Stop hanging out with people that fucking suck.

Mind-blowing. Like I said, I know. And the reason that I am so passionate about this is that I have been told throughout my entire life that I was working too much.

I was not balancing the things that I was supposed to be balancing. And you know what? Who gives a shit?

It's my life. I don't need to live by anyone else's rules and neither do you. Right?

And so when people say you should be doing this, you are not doing XYZ, just take a pause and be like, are these rules that I want to listen to? Are those your rules that you're trying to apply to my life? Because there are no rules.

You can do whatever the hell you want. If you want to work for a year straight, work for a year straight. And the reason you can work for a year straight is because you like what you do.

The reason these people try and project their own self-hatred for their own lives onto you is because they cannot imagine a world in which someone might actually like what they do every day and don't need an escape, a break from what their existence is on a daily basis. And so don't feel guilty for just being you. And if you don't like your life every day, rather than try and figure out and make time for self-care, it would probably be better to flip the ratio and start thinking, what can I do in my actual life to stop hating it so much that I need an escape from it?

Right? And that's different from like, yes, you need to sleep. Yes, you need to, you know, rest, etc.

But there's a difference between that and like, oh, I just need a total spa day. And if that's how you relax, cool. But the thing is, is projecting on someone else how they should, must, need to, have to relax or do whatever, it's nonsensical.

It doesn't exist. Right? I wanted to make this video, even though it's short, because it just drives me bananas.

If you want to work, work. If you want to take off, take off. Just don't listen to what anyone else says about what you should do for your life.

You're going to die and so will they. And it's not going to matter. And in 10 generations, don't even remember your name.

So do what you want. You're going to die. And that is the ultimate freedom.

And for some reason, we live under these chains that we think exist, but don't. And so I think the process of, of growing and really making ourselves free is just simply identifying the things that don't really exist and only existed in our mind to begin with. And I think that's why self-care really bugs the shit out of me.

Or this whole self-care movement. It's also soft as fuck. Like, just work.

Right? Just get it done. You need to like, give yourself a fucking bubble bath every day.

Because like, your work's so hard. And like, humans have been here a very long time. We've dealt with much, much harder shit.

Your, you know, boss having a deadline the next day is not the worst shit that you've been through. And so as a final sign-off on this, think about the hardest things that you've been through in your life. Everyone has gone through hard shit.

Everyone has had difficulties in childhood. Everyone has had difficulties with siblings, with parents, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. These events that shape our lives.

You have been through harder shit than this. You will survive. It will be okay.

You don't need to self-care. You don't need to listen to what anyone else is saying. You do you.

And if that means self-care, by all means. But just don't project it on anyone else. Alright?

Lots of love, Mosey Nation. See you guys in the next video. Bye!