In this video, I'm going to talk to you about why you never should listen to your parents at any age. Hi, my name is Alex Srimozzi. I own a portfolio of companies that has $85 million a year in revenue.

I make this channel because a lot of people are broken. I don't want you to be one of them. And so one of the things that happens, and this is at any age, like I know guys who are making millions and millions of dollars a year and still, you know, are insecure about what their parents tell them about X, Y, and Z.

And so the reason I think this is interesting is that most people, unless your parents are exorbitantly wealthy and have achieved everything that you wish to achieve, I don't think you should listen to your parents. And so one of my first rules of life is never listen to someone who's poorer than you or poorer than you want to be. All right, so that's two different, you know, caveats there because you might be younger and it's like, okay, well, yeah, my parents have more money than me, but like, are they poorer than you want to be?

If so, then only listen to people who are wealthier than you want to be, right? And the thing is, is that they always will, and other people too, right, will always side on the side of being less, less risky, right? And here's why.

Because when you naysay, right, it's like kind of like when you're, if someone's like, oh, I don't like your girlfriend. And the thing is, is that if you date in general, right? And dating can apply, like the concept of dating can apply to business concepts, it doesn't really matter.

But if you date, then fundamentally every single person that you date, except for the one that you marry, is going to be someone who you're not going to be with. And if someone says, I don't think this person's good, I don't think this person's good, then they will be right literally 99% of the time, except for the one time that matters, right? Kind of interesting.

And so the thing is, is most businesses fail. 95% of businesses, fail within five years, right? And so most times, they are correct.

And so it's very easy for them to self-reinforce that they are so smart, right? And they're always right. And they can tell you, I told you so, right?

But the reality is that they are wrong in the 1% of times that it matters, right? In your life. And so when I think about this, what's interesting is that like, the only way that is guaranteed to not get to success is to never take the risk to begin with, right?

That's the guaranteed way of not achieving it. And I remember when I was quitting my job, that was the biggest conclusion that I came to was that I was not happy at my current earning level. And that the only job, because there was one position, one job that made enough money that I wanted, which was being an investment banker.

So the best investment bankers can make 10, $20 million a year. But I knew what it was required to get there and the amount of effort, time and sacrifice. And I was like, the only people who will pay me that amount of money will be making so much more money off of me, literally draining my life that I don't think it's, because like usually if you become an investment banker that's successful, you pretty much donate 20 years of your life in order to do that.

And you're really never going to see your family and all that kind of stuff. And for me, that was not a trade-off I wanted to make. And so I figured there was no job that was going to pay me what I wanted to make and afford me the lifestyle that I wanted.

And so the path that I was on was guaranteed to not get me to where I wanted to go. And so even though it was micro risky, it was macro the only way I could do it. Right?

And so that's one of those, like one of the things actually like from Gary Vee, he says micro speed, macro patience, right? Money loves speed, wealth loves time. And so if we're trying to build wealth, we're trying to build an asset, right?

Then we need to have time. One of my other favorite sayings that I'll share with you is, you get paid for what you do, you get returns what you own. Right?

And so anyways, back to the reason why you shouldn't listen to other people is that they don't have an accurate understanding of risk. Right? And the biggest risk is not doing anything at all.

The biggest risk is never dating. Not that you're with this person. Right?

And so Warren Buffett said, and I like this, he said, most people only need to make four or five really good decisions in their life. So think about that for a second. Because I think about like that one really shook me because I think about all the decisions that I make every single day.

Right? And all the decisions that I've made in my life. And there's really not that many of them that have been the biggest levers.

But the few that have been, have been massive and enormous levers in my life. And most people don't take enough time to think about those decisions that are the massive forks in the road. Am I going to keep going in this position?

Do I want to live in this city? Am I going to marry this girl? Who am I going to go to, who am I going to get into business with?

What are we going to do? Right? What are we actually going to do in this business?

And so people don't give, put enough thought into that stuff and spend all their time thinking about what next show they're going to watch on Netflix. Right? Rather than thinking like, I'm going to take some time with this decision.

Because one of my other sayings is mistakes love a rushed decision. Right? So micro speed, macro patience.

If you're looking at long playing long, then you have to understand, or at least this is my, you know, my, my two cents on it is that most people will oppose you at all times. And that is because it is safer for them to do so because they will be right most of the times. But on the 1% of times that they are wrong, it's that 1% decision saying that you're going to buy seized candies for $25 million and ends up generating a billion dollars, right?

In revenue. It's that one decision that they're going to miss out on. And that's the one decision that matters.

And so they are 99% of the time, right? But they're a hundred percent wrong. Right?

And so that's the only message that I wanted to really drive home is that if you have parents who make less money than you want to make, if you have friends who make less money than you want to make, I had so many people who told me that everything I was doing was stupid. I was giving up a really good consulting job to open a gym, right? I took all my savings and sunk into a business.

And you know what? That business wasn't the one that set me free. It was four or five businesses from there.

But I learned the skills that one by one, I was able to assemble and assemble on a belief standpoint of the world with the character traits to reinforce them to eventually yield the success that some people think is, you know, cool. So anyways, I made this video because I've had a lot of younger people who reached out to me recently about this particular issue. And it's just understanding macro risk versus micro risk.

Micro risk, yes, you will fail. But failure is part of the game, right? But the macro risk is that you'll never actually succeed.

And that's the real game, right? And so you have to understand that you have to date in order to find the girl you're going to marry. You have to go on a lot of bad dates.

You have to have a lot of small businesses that don't work, right? You don't have to. But it's common.

And I don't know any entrepreneur who hasn't had a lot of businesses who eventually yielded success, right? Or even a lot of businesses within their main business. They pivoted a lot of times until they figured out what they were good at and what the market needed.

I hope that makes sense to you. I hope you found value in this. I'm rooting for you.

I'm your biggest fan. Keep being awesome. Keep taking risks.

Microspeed, macro patience. And you get paid for what you do. You get returns on what you own.

And what we're trying to build here is an asset that can pay us over time. Because if we cannot learn how to build that asset, we will work until the day we die. So keep being awesome.

Lots of love. And I'll catch you guys in the next video. Hit subscribe if you like it.

And if you don't, don't subscribe. I'll get you to do it. All right.

Bye.