And so what they think they're doing is they're like, well, that's what everyone else is doing, so I need to build my personal brand. You're not building anyone's fucking brand. You're just reinforcing an identity that everyone already knows about and does not find you interesting because you're the same as everybody else.

If you remember when you were in middle school, there was like the preps and the goth kids and then the bros or the athletes or whatever. When we're growing up, we're trying to figure out our identity. And maybe some of you weirdos actually switched tables once or twice because you were figuring out who you were.

And what happens is we learn these identities that come with these sets of beliefs. You see this a little bit in the political scene. If you're a Republican, all of a sudden you have to wear flannel and trucker hats, America, and shoot guns.

And on the flip side, if you're a liberal, you have to just say, all homeless people can do whatever they want, whenever. And we should let everyone across the border, no matter what, we all should raise taxes. Basically ridiculousness on both sides.

What happened to the real middle people who just like, hey, you can marry whoever you want. Please don't tax me too much. There's this middle, and that's why people like Rogan have blown up because people are like, he's a Republican, he's a liberal.

It's like, he's just Joe Rogan. Like Joe Rogan is interested in UFC. He's also interested in aliens.

He's also interested in standup comedy. He also has like this kind of fitness carnivore, whatever thing going on, and biohacking. So he has these like very different interests that he's super deep on, and no one would be like, Joe, so what we're thinking is you need to increase your biohacking by 15% so we can capture this audience.

No. If you want to stand out in your marketing or even a personal brand, just actually saying what you really believe, the thing that you're afraid of saying, because it maybe is two or three or four beliefs that don't go with the uniform that you wear every day, actually makes you significantly more unique. Most people wear their clothing as a uniform to say, I am this type of person.

People will look at you and they'll assume you're a goth or a prep or whatever. Here's where it gets cool. You start talking, then all of a sudden there's something over here, and then there's another belief over here.

And what happens is they start paying more attention because you don't fit the mold. It's my favorite way to differentiate any of the portfolio companies or even my own brand. This may sound crazy.

Actually just be myself, because as soon as someone feels like they have figured you out, they'll move on. Because they're like, I can predict all of this person's behavior. They don't need to stay in tune or stay updated because they know everything about you already.

And I'm sure you've met people like this. He wears this uniform. He says these things.

He believes it. He is this person. He's category 17.

Boom. Don't have to think about it again. Everyone knows the starter kit for real estate.

You know, the haircut, they cut the side here, right? Buzz on the side, hard part, hard gel over. The suit.

Don't forget the glass is very important. Maybe the high level BMW mid-series wax with rims. Maybe a picture of the watch.

He's like, yeah, just bought this beauty. Those guys are all the same. And so what they think they're doing is they're like, well, that's what everyone else is doing.

So I need to build my personal brand. You're not building anyone's fucking brand. You're just reinforcing an identity that everyone already knows about and does not find you interesting because you're the same as everybody else.

I think that you would be better served actually doing you. And that comes with all the weirdness that you are. Because I've met some of you.

Y'all are weird as fuck. And if you stop pretending to be this identity that you wrap into the starter kit of whatever Instagram influencer you're trying to copy and you just were you, what happens is your unique individual personalities are like weirdness because everybody had different parents. Everybody was born in different cities.

Everyone has unique things. Like your dad might've been a mechanic. You might know a bunch of shit about cars.

And if you bring that up, all of a sudden people look at what they expect from the real estate starter kit. And then all of a sudden, you've got these points over here and you become interesting and people lean in. They pay attention because you don't match the mold.

I'm gonna shift this to business. There was this time where there was this competitor who moved in my marketplace when I had a local jet. Guy was outspending me and I was like, man, I'm gonna have to do something about this.

So what I did was I copied the guy's landing page. So I copied everything, changed the logo, whatever. It was like probably 90% the same.

Here's what's crazy. His page did worse than mine did. Why am I copying this guy?

I actually just got worse outcomes from this. Fast forward out gym lunch days. Somebody came into the marketplace, started marketing really similar stuff.

I subscribed to the list to see what the emails they were sending and they were my emails. Literally 100% word for word. Didn't even like swap anything out.

They were my email. I'm like, man, I'm thinking about copying this guy by copying on his newsletter. He's just using my shit.

A lot of people say, stay in tune with your competitors. Consume everyone else's stuff. I actually don't feel that way.

I actually turned off all my ads on my newsfeed. When I made my marketing or made my content, I just made it about whatever stuff I felt like talking about. And so people were like, man, your stuff's always so different and so original, whatever.

And it's really easy to be original if you're just not looking at everyone else's shit. The act of consuming everyone else's stuff, what ends up happening is that those thoughts become top of mind for you and you become another Mickey Mouse, another Instagram influencer starter kit. They've got the watch, the car, 100% hustle, 0% grind.

If other people copy you, it's a good sign because it means that what you're doing is working and most people aren't original. If you copy them, what it means is that you accept the position of second place. You accept that they are inherently first.

You literally say, you are better than me at this. And if you claim to be the best at whatever it is that you're trying to do, or at least that you're trying to be the best, you copying their identity, their look, their feel, their brand means that you are accepting to lose. You will never win because you aren't going to beat them at being them.

Quick Story's client and our software company, Allen, who was a real estate agency. So we worked with agency owners in that business. And so this guy was continually struck.

Like he couldn't really ever break through there. And he was always selling new people and they would always turn out the back, whatever. It took me six months of like just battering him over the head with this, publicly embarrassing him to finally get him to change his behavior.

I was like, you're not that good. Like it's not some marketing hack. It's not some sales hack.

I was like, you're just not that good. I was like, you sell to realtors. He was like, yeah.

I was like, have you ever been a realtor? He was like, no. Then you have no idea what they go through and what your marketing looks like and what your sales process looks like is the same as every other fucking person trying to sell realtors.

I promise you, put your terrible agency, go take the 12 weeks past the test and actually be a realtor. Sell some fucking houses using your marketing skills that you claim to sell. In the first month of him doing this, he was like, oh shit.

He's like, these leads aren't as good as I thought they were. I was like, no shit. That's why no one wanted to keep paying you.

But you know what he did over the next 12 months? He got better and better and better at it. And here's the crazy thing.

12 months later, he actually is still a realtor and he's making more money because he actually got good at it. But here's the thing. If he had kept trying to look like everybody else, he would have been Mickey Mousing until he kept trying some new thing or some new hack, but he just didn't confront the work.

And you know what happens now? Is that if he actually did want to go back to the agency thing and actually did want to help realtors, he would have the context to do it. And it would make him unique because so many other people are just like him pretending to be model their Instagram page after the same thing that the other influence that they're looking up to does rather than being like, I wanted to figure out real estate.

Most people don't do that. They just look what everyone else is doing, do the same thing, water it down, and they literally blend in like everyone else. And they wonder why they don't win.

You've heard me say replicate before you iterate, right? That comes to skills. If you want to learn how to sell, right next to the guy who's making calls, you want to learn how to knock on doors, walk with the guy who's the best guy on the team who knocks doors, right?

You duplicate the skill so you know you can do it. That's different than replicating a story and replicating an identity. I've seen like Hermozify and Hermozzi style content and Hermozzi style edits.

It's not about the captions. It's about the content. What they can copy is the way it looks and feels and sounds, but what they can't copy is the story behind it.

Fix the story and the brand will take care of itself if you tell the story that's true. And so if you don't have the story to tell, then do the shit that's worth doing that no one else is willing to do. And then you'll have the story that will make you a one-on-one.