And in 10 days sold 1.6 million dollars in merch This zillion beers thing what happened yeah, what is this okay, so? Barstool just put a clinic on marketing on how to do marketing right okay, so what tell me the story? I don't know I don't get what happened barstool sports.

We'll dumb it down barstool sports media company like ESPN or Bleacher Report but Personality driven and like ESPN after three beers face. Yeah, it's just like comedy. It's more it's like SNL It's more comedy and fiction than it is Whatever Journalism yeah, yeah, sometimes it is some I mean every once in a while they'll have something amazing, but yeah No, it's it's just a bunch of like it's for the average man by the average man is their tagline Okay, um, they have a guy He's a camera guy and henry's a big fan.

So he knows too. They have a guy a camera guy named Dana Dana Was getting made fun of one day like 10 days ago for drinking too many beers And he said a line like he tweeted out and he said some line like I'm just a guy who drinks a zillion beers and he starts like talking about zillion beers over the course of a day and his boss Dave portnoy Uh was like dude, you're a cameraman. You're not a content guy quit this zillion beer stuff Yeah, try stop trying to make it a thing Stop trying to make a thing and dana goes Dave I bet you I can sell like thirty thousand dollars worth worth a zillion dollar beer merch and dave goes if you do that I'll give you 10 grand or something like that and they blew past it Then after a few days of this going back and forth It gets to the point of if you sell a million dollars worth of merch in the next five days.

I'll give you a hundred grand Right He has he hit it he crossed that he got 1.5 million In the how long do you think that lasted so he created a brand essentially on the fly So he created a brand called zillion beers and in 10 days sold 1.6 million dollars in merch And throughout this process Pretty much the the way in which they sold Merch was pretty much all twitter and so I was watching like as a marketing person I was looking at dana went from having a thousand followers on twitter's to whatever he has now Maybe 150 000 followers on twitter in 10 days and he would get into draw like draw like a fights Like so for example, he met this girl on twitter and she flew out and they started like talking about how they're dating now Even though they just met and then the ex-boyfriend starts tweeting at him and he's like, all right Me and you we're gonna get in a fight at rough and rowdy I put a hundred grand on line. And so that that became a storyline There's like a dozen different story It's all just happening like a weekend basically. Yeah, and everyone was following it in real time I didn't go out on valentine's day because I was just refreshing twitter and just like reading about all of this It was amazing.

Yeah, that is amazing. I saw it happening. I didn't understand the full backstory um, yeah, I I saw it happening.

I I don't even drink beer and I bought 150 worth of zillion beer merch Yeah, just out of respect for what was going on I thought it was great to support the cause it's like a it's it's like a rowdy kickstarter that he did. I love it Yeah, and so I think the takeaway here is like They barstool put on a clinic of like how fast you can do stuff. Yeah And people want to be a part of something and so it's one thing to just sell merch It's another thing to be a part of something which is like oh my god once it gets the momentum of we're going for a million Holy shit, we're gonna do it.

My boss bet against me helped me beat the man Uh, I think it like it just caught this wave of it wasn't about the merch obviously like none of it was about the merch It was about putting it into dave's face. Right. Oh, you doubted him We're all gonna get behind him and this guy dana the guy behind it He's like a total bro, but he seems like a really good person and it was fun watching him like be excited watching him win Yeah, and people he put his venmo out there and I've emote him like 50 bucks people venmo to money collectively He got like three grand and he went and uh blew it all at a fancy restaurant It was funny seeing like a redneck eat at a steak restaurant in minhattan It was funny苦ating