Hello, how's everyone doing tonight? So I love this new format because when they called me to ask me to participate They said I want you to tell a story And I'm like oh my god, I get to still tell a story and not a PowerPoint. This is so awesome So I'm going to tell a very personal story One that's very meaningful to me and one that actually taught me a lot in life So it's all about immigration So who in this room is an immigrant or born from foreign parents immigrant parents?

Awesome, that's I think that looks like 75% of the room. So that's that's awesome I too am born from immigrant parents. My mother is Mexican and Japanese But born and raised in Mexico City Viva Latinos And my dad is is French American born and raised in Los Angeles in East LA So this story specifically is about my mother who is my role model my rock just my force She's taught me so much in my lifetime and I think this story is worth sharing as a result So my mom and my dad met in Bangkok Thailand of all places my dad was leaving the Navy After four years and he was stationed in Okinawa Japan and my mother Was traveling to Japan for the first time in her life?

She was one of 12 in her family six boys six girls and She was the first one to be able to save up enough money to go visit her family in Japan So she actually got to meet her cousins and her her grandparents and everything So she was the lucky one of the 12 so she was 19 years old a very young at 19 and She went with two of her girlfriends to not only Japan but Singapore and Thailand and And in Thailand at the princess palace in Bangkok she met my father and My father went up to her and said buenos dias senorita without knowing anything other than those words She's like who's this strange man in uniform approaching me and he says I have to see you again Like I can't not live my life knowing that I didn't try to see you again So my mom was like well I'm in this little tour group and it was a very official tour group the one with the little flags And he's like I don't give a shit I'm gonna go find you wherever you are and he was he showed up at her hotel And my mom is my mom is very conservative and she's like okay well if we go out you have to take my two friends too So my dad like the poor guy coming from the Navy had like $20 to his name really spent his last $20 on these ladies But he didn't care he said I just wanted to be around he wanted to be around my mom and get to know her better So he said before he left I will have three packages waiting for you in Mexico City and a letter and on this day they will arrive And on that day they did arrive and my mom was like okay this guy is serious I think he likes me And he ended up going to Mexico City a month later and just trying to get a job with his very little Spanish and just wooing my mom And he couldn't find a job so he went back to LA but he's like I miss her too much so we went back three months later and tried again and actually started meeting the family which is a big deal in Mexican families And cut to six months later and they get married So he was accepted into the family very surprising given that my dad my grandpa is a Shinto priest Japanese like doesn't you know didn't want her to marry someone from another race which is a little bit ironic But the things that my mom learned when she came to the United States she spoke very little English And she was taking a lot of risks coming to the United States without her family without her loved ones without a job With a man that she only knew for six months I mean this is a stranger really And she was also 19 okay I mean I'm like that's a crazy decision knowing that in retrospect So she she said I knew that this was the right thing for me I really wanted to take this risk He was a man of integrity he is a man of integrity and and so she moved and Again learning Spanish really trying to under sorry learning English really trying to understand The language and learn the language fast so she could get a job and she did get a job she was working at she got a job working for Mexicana Airlines Which is no longer in existence and she was working at their corporate offices and she did well and she was there for 15 years And she said this is sort of a piece of cake like I can actually run my own travel agency easy So she did she opened up her travel agency and it was in Southern California and then she opened up a couple different offices Started getting huge groups of clients that would come to her groups of people People that would come back and put groups of travel packages together and things like that and she did really really well She made a lot of dough and she actually ended up making more money than my father who worked at the Walt Disney Company And ended up putting my sister and I through college and my sister went to UC Berkeley I went to UC Davis so not And so having a role model like my mother who sacrificed so much emotionally financially physically to come to this country and be resilient be boot bootstrap be scrappy Not take no for an answer Just yes, I know I can do it. I know I can build this business. I know I can make money.

I know I can make a living She taught me so much and this whole point of being a start-up entrepreneur Going out and finding your passion and purpose and building a company has a deep connection and correlation to being an immigrant, right? right? I mean, you have to be scrappy.

51% of the most successful startups, I think it's the billion, the US dollar, billion dollar startups, are actually built by immigrants. So that's a really amazing stat. And the resiliency factor, the fact that she was always saying, you know, you can do it, you can follow your dreams.

You know, we had it really difficult. But here you have resources, you have a community, you have people to answer your questions, you have advisors, you know, you have really great educational institutions and organizations to support what you're doing. It's like, you really don't have an excuse, right?

So I think that's what she taught me is just really, really be scrappy. You can do anything that you put your mind to, because there's people out there that have it a lot harder than we do. And, you know, just think, think like an immigrant, be like an immigrant, because I think in the end, you'll be very, very successful and resilient and be able to accomplish your dreams.

Thank you.