That's like $800,000 of recurring revenue. If I get two and a half percent, that's two million. If I do five percent, that's four million.

And if you just think about what would I pay for a business that makes me that much money a year? Like this is like five, 10, 15 million dollars of value. And so I'm looking at it and going, this is great.

I'd pay for what I'm getting. All right. What's going on, everyone?

We have Andrew Wilkinson on the pod today. Andrew's one of our great, great friends. He runs this company called Tiny, which is publicly traded in Canada.

It's a holding company that owns like 40 different companies. I think it's publicly traded at like a $800 million market cap, something like that does 150-ish in a year in revenue. So he's got this really good insight.

And we talked to him about a few interesting things. One thing that sounds kind of like not that cool, but actually is cool is he hung out with a few folks that are worth like $10 or $20 billion recently. And he talked about what it's like hanging out with people in that sphere.

We talked about Metalab, which was his agency that he started, which provided all the profits in order to start Tiny and how it makes something like $20 million a year in profit. And we just said, how the hell does it make so much money? And what did you guys do?

So he gives us a breakdown on that. Yeah. We also asked him which agency he would start now.

We asked him all about his new Twitter experience. So why would somebody who is worth all this money run a Twitter experiment that makes $10 or $20 grand a month in sales? And he gave us the lowdown on how much money that little experiment is making.

And then we asked him about when you take dividends from a company, what do you actually do with the dividends? And where do you invest them? Or how much do you pay yourself?

And he got really transparent about that. And so it was really interesting. So check it out.

This is Andrew Wilkinson. It's Sean and me, Sam. So if you guys like it, subscribe on YouTube, subscribe on your Spotify, subscribe on wherever podcasts are.

And let us know if you liked it. See you soon. I was before you got on, make it fun of Andrew.

He looks like Kevin McAllister's mom in Home Alone. Mom. Mom.

The mom is the bird there. He looks like he, uh, he looks like he's, uh, just taking up rollerblading in the 90s. You're saying I look like Catherine O'Hara.

Look at her character in Home Alone. She had a massive wave. It was cool.

Let me push it back. No, I think it's cool. Embrace it, dude.

You look like a bully in a movie. I think you look good. I think it's cool.

It's okay, man. She was hot. She was hot.

It's all right. It's a compliment, I think. Well, welcome back.

There's no podcast on earth where you will just be welcomed with open insults like my first million. Yeah, this is great. You guys want to roast me for another 10 minutes?

Yeah, I was, I was supposed to come on, what, like three weeks ago and then I got strep throat and dude, I haven't been that sick in years. I was like on death's door for a year. I ended up taking like three different antibiotics.

So I'm, I'm glad to be alive. And you're on a health kick now. You've been lifting weights.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm doing a muscle gain competition with a bunch of friends.

So that's been really fun. Sean says he's, Sean has like, I think 40 days left to have abs. How many days do you have left?

I'm just, I say I'm perpetually eight weeks away from having exactly the body I want. The problem is it's a, this clock restarts every time I door dash, you know, dominoes or Taco Bell or something like that. Have you tried just doing a Zen pick?

Cause like I, I have so many friends that are taking that and it's just like, they're suddenly ripped. Yeah. There's, it just doesn't have, it doesn't do it for me.

Sean's very anti, like, are you, would you, are you, are you a vaccine? Are you an anti-vaccine guy too? No, but I do think that, uh, the COVID vaccine was not a vaccine.

Cause I was like, wait a minute. So you still get it? You still spread it?

All right. Well, that doesn't sound like vaccine to me. You're like anti putting stuff in your body.

It seems. I don't drink caffeine. I don't take like, I guess I take some supplements.

Like I'll take a protein powder or whatever. But, uh, yeah, I try not to be dependent on anything and you know, the weight loss thing for me, I'm already married. I got two kids.

I don't really care to lose weight, uh, aside from conquering my mind and doing something that I wanted to do. So if I took a Zempic to do it, it would not, uh, be satisfying in the way that it will be when I just do it myself. Yeah.

I've just always told myself at one point in my life, I want to look like Wolverine, even if it's like for one week and then it's over and it's unsustainable or whatever. I just want to get there. I want to have the photo to prove it.

Um, so that's my goal for the next year. You should do the, um, the Jesse Isler living with a seal thing. I feel like that's, uh, in play for you.

Why, why aren't you doing that? That sounds so freaking miserable. That was the David Goggins thing.

Did you read that book? No, I just remember you guys had him on. You gotta, you gotta read that book.

It's pretty good. It's a fun, it's a fun. It's called living, living with and seal or something.

Living with seal. Uh, and he, he writes it almost like a diary. So it's just sort of like, you know, it's not like a long book with like a bunch of flowery language.

It's very simple. Um, and you know, it's like any David Goggins thing gets motivated, but this is like secondhand Goggins. You don't even realize the guy is David Goggins because he doesn't say it in the book.

And you're reading the perspective, not of David Goggins telling you that you're soft and you need to be hard, but like a guy who was kind of soft getting yelled at by David Goggins. So you're sort of secondhand receiving the info. Have you guys seen the cover of this book?

It looks like, you know, remember like Ernest goes to camp. It looks silly. It looks like the cover of like Ernest goes to camp.

It's very outdated. Well, we, and we're having the guy Jesse on the pod soon. He's scheduled.

And I was thinking about it, Sean. We've asked our question of like, who's like, who has the ideal life? He's up there, man.

He's, he's kind of nailed it. Well, that's his thing. The life resume.

What does he do? So he just like has these experiments or whatever. I know he went and lived with monks and he's done the Navy seal thing.

Well, before that he was like, I think he like initially made a little bit of money by having like, I think he had like a rap group and he like made songs for like the New York Knicks. And he like, that was his career was writing jingles. Try to be a rapper.

Was like, all right, maybe can't be like rapper rapper, but I could be like commercial jingle rapper. Hit it with that. Made a couple million bucks, like sold the company for like $4 million.

Then he created the fractional jet share company, Marquis Jets, him and his buddy. And then they sold that to NetJets, which Buffett owns. And then he married the co-founder of Spanx or the founder of Spanx.

And she's like a billionaire. Yeah. And then he also created like a coconut.

What's it called? Ziva. He bought into Ziva coconut water.

Ziva coconut water. Zico. Zico coconut water.

Early on. And then helped them sell to Coke. So he basically just goes like kind of like mission or passion to passion, but he's had like pretty good results.

Like he owns a part of an NBA team. He was like, oh, I want to, I'm into fitness. So he creates this running club.

He actually reminds me a little bit of you in that. Like, I feel like you experiment, uh, like you like to experiment and you'll get into your experiments and the experiments almost start. There's almost like, oh, why is Andrew doing this almost silly thing?

But it's because there's something in you. That's like, you've identified something interesting. Right now, Jesse, it's there's like, I love pickles and there's no great pickle company.

So he's like scouring the earth to find the best pickle company to buy. Cause he's like, there's a big opportunity of pickles. And he's like, I can't believe you guys are all sleeping while there's a pickle opportunity like this.

And I just find it amazing how he's getting really into these like niche passion pursuits, but then kind of pulls them off in an epic way. I think, I think it's really cool. I mean, I think, um, we talked about him before, but Nick gray, any of these people that build their life around the thing they actually love doing.

Cause I feel like so many of us were like, okay, I want to get rich. I want to build a big business or whatever. And so you get into doing something, but you don't actually necessarily like a lot of those tasks you do, where if you can build a business where your job is like to meet interesting people or be a podcaster and speak to really interesting people all the time, or do these crazy life experiments.

I think that's awesome, but I think it's a double-edged sword. I've made that mistake where I will get into a hobby or something like that and I'll turn it into a business and it will take the joy out of it. So I think it's a little, it's a little hard to find that, that right, uh, uh, in between spot.

Well, that's why I didn't want to do that Twitter thing. So you're doing Twitter subscribers. You have like a community now.

I think you, I don't know if you'll say the revenue or not, but it's like actually kind of a business, six figures a year in revenue. Are you enjoying that? You told me you're doing it and I was like, I don't want to do that.

It sounds hard. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, let me, let me explain. So yeah. So I have about 240,000 Twitter followers.

I've never monetized it in any way. I just, you know, I tweet every day and it's literally like I'm in the shower or I'm on the toilet and I think of something and I tweet it out. That's always been my life on Twitter.

Um, and it's been amazing. Like I've met tons of interesting people from it, but the issue is, and I know both you guys have this problem too. You get endless reach outs from all these people constantly.

And for a while I had open DMS. It was just overwhelming. I was getting like a hundred DMS from random people pitching me on like crypto scams and stuff.

But every like 25 people would be some incredible 22 year old who has this amazing cashflow business. They want to sell me or they need money or something like that. And so I had this incentive to go through it and I would spend like 30 minutes a day going through all these and triaging them and kind of hating my life.

And so when I saw this subscription thing, I was like, okay, this is actually a filter. So what Twitter lets you do is have, um, gated tweets. So you can say anyone who pays to subscribe to me gets these extra tweets.

And so what I did is I was like, okay, if someone will spend 29 bucks, which is the cost to basically buy me lunch, then they can DM me. Then they can message me. Then I'll, you know, then I'll respond.

And so I used it as a filter, but it kind of surprised me as I started doing the math. Um, so basically what I did is I said, okay, 29 bucks. I'll do an AMA once a month, which, you know, I enjoy doing anyway.

And I video or writing just video, like a big video group or whatever. And then I made a telegram group and that's it. And I said, I won't even respond to the telegram group.

Um, you know, that's it. You got the AMA and my tweets or whatever. But when you do the math, like it's pretty crazy.

I have about 550, um, paying subscribers today. That's growing pretty consistently. Um, that's about 16 K of MRR.

So about 200 K a year. Uh, it's basically pure profit. I probably spend an hour a month, two hours a month doing the AMA or whatever.

And if you look at the math, like a 1% conversion rate on 200 and, um, what is it? 240,000 people. That's like $800,000 of recurring revenue.

If I get two and a half percent, that's 2 million. If I do 5%, that's 4 million. And if you just think about what would I pay for a business that makes me that much money a year?

Like this is like five, 10, $15 million of value. And so I'm looking at it and going, this is great. I'd pay for what I'm getting.

I'm getting people being filtered out. The dinguses are filtered out. Um, I'm making money and I'm actually getting deal flow.

So I've like hired, I've literally hired two or three people from this. I now go to this group and I'm like, Hey, I need a CEO for this business, or I want to buy a business like this. And so it's been awesome.

Um, and yeah, I'm loving it. Sam, do you pay to follow, uh, Andrew? No, I will.

I mean, I can just text them, but I will. I'm a dingus. You're in the dingus.

I'm a paying subscriber. So I, I. Are you?

Of course. All right, I'll do it. Are you going to do it, Sean?

No, I'm never going to do this. I paid literally to just figure out why the hell is Andrew doing this? And then I, my mind started going with conspiracies.

I texted Andrew. Can I share my conspiracy theory as to why? Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. So I, Sam, I sent Andrew a voice note.

I go, uh, this is my logic. You're way too rich to be doing this. So there's gotta be another reason.

I said, why would, why would Andrew start using all the paid features of tour, these new paid features of, of X? Um, why would he be doing these paid subscriber experiments? And he's speaking so glowingly about how this is so cool.

How he's discovering his true fans, how he's getting all this value out of it. And I was like, this just doesn't add up. It's too much work for too little money for this guy.

And so then I was like, I know what he's doing. I've seen Andrew do cool moves like this in the past where he uses, he throws his weight around in order to meet the cool people he likes and admires and wants to hang out with. And I said, oh, this is the long game because guess who really wants cool, interesting people like Andrew using all the paid Twitter features in order to, uh, to, to, to build a small business.

And, and, and would love that they're telling the world how great this is. Elon fricking Musk. And I thought, oh, this is genius.

Actually. Andrew is using this feature on blast. He's the most legit guy who's doing this, um, with a unique use case.

And he's got a big following. He's going to be the gold star example. He's going to get a follow.

He might get a DM. He might get invited. He might get invited to come out to visit.

Andrew's going to end up friends with the Elon Musk from this whole thing. That's my prediction. And so I, I sent a voice note to Andrew.

Like I cracked the case, like I found, you know, whatever the, the shooter for JFK. And I was like, ah, I know what you're doing. You're trying to become friends with Elon.

And he's like, no, I just like, yeah. Right. And I was like, damn, I almost wish that was the answer.

That would have been a better answer. Is that true? Andrew?

I actually, I have no, and I, I, um, I've invested in space X quite a while ago. And I have a ton of friends who are friends with Elon and know him and stuff. I honestly, I don't know what I would say to the guy, right?

Like I feel like he's like a super genius engineer, like super kind of Asperger's-y guy. I don't, there's a lot of people I would love to meet Elon. I'd love to be at a dinner table with him, but I actually don't, I don't know what I would say to him.

It's like meeting Thomas Edison. Like, how am I interesting to this guy? Who would you like to meet?

I have the most boring businesses. Uh, I really want to meet Larry Ellison. I've been trying to meet Larry Ellison for like probably two years.

And I went to Lanai and he owns the entire island of Lanai. It's insane. Like everything he owns there, all the businesses, all the hotels, all the real estate.

And while I was there, I was trying to find a mutual connection and he kept driving by me in here. He drives an orange, the guy, the guy drives an orange Corvette and he just rips around Lanai. And I just couldn't, I couldn't meet him.

But anyway, he's super fascinating. Dude. It's so funny that from the outside.

So we'll do an intro to this cause we just jumped into it. But so Andrew, you're in your mid, maybe late thirties now thirties now and very, very successful company, uh, in the ballpark of a billion dollars publicly traded. And you still can't meet some people.

And so good looking. It's so good looking. It looks like the mom from home alone and we still can't get it done.

It's insane. I claim to fame. I wanted to look like Wolverine and instead I look like the mom from home alone.

This is great. I didn't tell the story on the podcast yet, but I went down to LA and, um, I, I did a bunch of these like pod interviews that are gonna be coming out, but I did some meetings that were not podcasts just like really interesting people. But I didn't, I didn't record.

I just wanted to go. I went to their house. I just wanted to meet them and see what they were like.

And, uh, one of the people, so I can't say who, but one of the people they were showing me around their house is a famous successful person in LA. You know, I'll just, uh, use that general character. And they said something really insightful.

They were talking about trying to, um, uh, get something. They're trying to get their kid into a school. And like, this is a person who's rich and famous.

I could kind of get anything they want, but there's, you know, these schools in LA, these private schools that like, they're, they get up. Their thing is that they're like Harvard for kindergarten. They like reject everybody.

And so they got rejected at the school. And he's like, he's saying this. He goes, I, he goes, I couldn't tell you that morning.

He's like, I felt something that I hadn't felt in seven years. Rejection. He's like, nobody had told me no in seven years.

And I was like, wow, that's a, that's kind of amazing that, uh, you know, you, you sort of feel rejection. And so anyways, my, my, to your Larry Ellison point, I think it's great that you have certain things that, that didn't, didn't work out or you got rejection. Because when we were in LA, we met maybe 20 people during the week that we had meetings with.

And I would say a very common thing was some people were out of touch with rejection, which was either one of two things. They weren't trying enough new things. So they're just in their comfort zone or everybody around them just said, yes, even to their bad ideas, even to like request.

It didn't make sense. And, um, you could see firsthand how that's not a great thing, how you don't want to be in that position. Has, I don't know if you've been single and successful, but Dan Blasarian has this line.

I actually read the Dan Blasarian book, which is shockingly good. And he's like, being famous is so much better for meeting girls than being rich. He's like, it's 10 times better to be famous than it is rich.

Have you found being successful has helped you with women or do they mostly not give a shit? Uh, well, I haven't been, I haven't really been like single for a very long period of time. It's definitely helped.

Um, but I mean, I think it ultimately comes down to status in the room you're in. Right. So like if you're in a club, you know, the DJ, the guy who's making less than the bartender and is getting paid in drinks, he's the man.

He's the guy that all the girls want to sleep with. Right. So I think, you know, whatever room you're in.

And so, you know, if I was at like a, like a business conference and a bunch of people knew who I was. Yeah. Maybe that would help me with women.

But when it comes to day to day, I mean, yeah, you're way better off. Being like an Instagram influencer or something that girls actually care about. Um, I think it helps though.

I mean, it helps to have your, your shit together for sure. Uh, how do you play the status game? I had a experience recently where somebody I know I have to be really, really vague about this.

Somebody I know went to someone's house who is a billionaire. A billionaire that's also famous. And that person, um, entertains a bunch of people during the summers and has a bunch of people at the house at the same time.

All of those people are also rich and famous. And the person I know was a regular person. No, you know, not, not like, um, somebody you would recognize or somebody who's been in people magazine or whatever.

Um, and so they felt very intimidated in that social setting, uh, to the point where they're like, you know, I, I'm just gonna go eat in my room because it's like, I don't really wanna. I feel like if I go here, I have to engage. I don't really know how to engage.

They're not gonna care about me. They're really like talking themselves out of it. And I think that's a very common situation.

I know because I've definitely felt that in a bunch of social settings. I think that's probably more common than I realized. I thought when it, when I experienced it, I thought this was something that was just happening in my head.

Then as this person was telling me about it, I realized, okay, this probably happens to a lot of people. How do you guys deal with that? Like kind of social anxiety where you're in your own head about the status of the people in the room and how you fit in.

And where, where you fit. I've just realized that everybody wants to talk about themselves and it's the Dale Carnegie thing. Find out what someone likes to talk about and then talk to them about that and just keep asking questions.

And I realized that if they, if I make them feel good, if they get to talk about the thing that they're interested in, they will leave that experience thinking of me as a very positive person, regardless of status. Have you read that book, Sean? Do you know what he's talking about?

Yeah, I have. Yeah. Yeah.

There's like a famous story where this like young guy is hanging out with this like rich guy who has the power and the young guy just asked questions for 90 minutes of the 100 minutes. And at the last 10 minutes, the rich guy finally like asked him just a little bit. And the rich guy leaves conversation being like, that was the best conversation I've ever had.

That person sure is great. And the other, you know, the nobody was like, dude, I barely said anything. That literally happens to Ben, Ben, the business partner all the time.

He'll come back from a meeting and I'm like, how'd it go? He's like, yeah, it was great. The guy, you know, I asked a guy a bunch of questions.

Uh, you know, he's like, he literally, I really didn't tell him anything. I didn't say anything. He didn't really ask me too much.

He's like, uh, I just asked him so many questions that I was interested in about him. He's like, at the end of it, the guy stood up. It was like, man, this is one of the best conversations ever.

I really liked you. And I was like, did it again? Like, you know, he is that he's like the walking version of that book.

And you leave and you're like, you know, nothing about me. You didn't ask any questions. And I think it's great if the person is really fascinating.

What the status stuff though, where I get annoyed is, um, so I remember I was at a conference, uh, probably like 13 years ago. And at this point, my business is making, you know, a couple million bucks a year, uh, in profit. You know, it's pretty successful.

And I sit down at this table next to this VC and he seems very disinterested. And, you know, then he says, what is, what is your startup do? And I say, well, I don't have a startup.

I have a business and it's profitable. And he literally just goes, oh, a lifestyle business. And he turns his back.

He just literally just turns his back away from me and just starts talking to the guy next to him. And I remember who it is. I will one day there's going to be like a come up in some moment, but I always think about that.

And then the other thing that happened to me recently, um, so I was on this yacht. I'll tell you guys about that later if you want. Do it now.

Okay. So, so basically, um, I got, I got invited to go on like a hundred million dollar plus, uh, yacht, which I was actually really, really excited about. Um, just always been curious.

Like it's this bizarre thing that, you know, you really don't get to see very often. Um, and so I thought I'd love it, but I actually found it incredibly odd. Um, it's something that I feel like is very desirable because others desire it.

And we all have this idea of it, but in reality, I just don't get it. Like you spend this insane amount of money to be isolated in a floating hotel away from all the plebs basically. Right.

What was the, what was the net worth of the guy in order to have a hundred million dollar? Yeah. You're worth like five or 10 billion.

20 billion plus like very, very, very wealthy guy. Um, I won't, I won't say who, but someone who's like a subscriber of yours on Twitter. Let's just say somebody who, yeah, that's right.

Exactly. Not a dingus. Um, but you know, you know, like you, do you ever like, you ever have that feeling of like, um, you know, you're, you're on this, you're on this like floating hotel.

It's shaking, rattling. It's swaying lightly, which is like, in my opinion, not, not nice. And then you like, have you ever been like on a really, really nice RV?

Like you go in one of those bus RVs and you're like, Holy crap. I can't believe this RV has like the shower. I can't believe it has like a King size bed, but at the end of the day, it's an RV King size bed.

It's not as nice as being in a hotel. And I felt like that's the rich person equivalent, right? Like everything on this boat is amazing, but it's not as nice as staying in a Four Seasons.

And it's a hundred times the cost. And you've got this thing that costs you 10 to $20 million a year to maintain. No way.

Really? For 10 people. Literally this whole boat just has 10 guests on it.

Right? It's just crazy. But anyway, while I'm on this yacht, whole bunch of people there.

And there's this guy who runs a publicly traded company. And, you know, I'm doing my thing. I'm asking questions and chatting with everyone.

And he kind of like, he's kind of the serious guy that seems very unimpressed by me. And he goes, oh, so what's your business? And I say, oh, I've got a, you know, holding company.

And he goes, oh, is it public? And I say, yes, it's public. And he goes, how big is it?

And I go, I don't know, trading at like 800 million today. And he goes, oh, okay. And his is like 10 billion.

He's like, oh, lifestyle business. He's haunting you. Yeah, exactly.

It was like that same feeling. Right? And it's like, I still get that same irritating feeling.

And I just feel like, I'm not going to play. I'm like opting out. I just can't deal with that.

He just lifts up his legs and just walks away. Like soups up. That's the weird thing with the status game, right?

It's like, there's no end of it. There's no end. Like the bill.

I remember I was talking to a guy who's a multi-billionaire. And he goes, oh my God. You know, Laureen Powell Jobs, Steve Jobs' widow.

She's so fucking rich. She's worth like 20 billion. And I look at him and I'm like, what can you not do that she can?

And he kind of goes glassy-eyed and he's like, super yacht. I can't do a super yacht yet. And it's just like, that is the most pathetic, insane thing.

But you're, you're falling into that trap as am I. I'm sure Sean is as well, where, you know, I'm not a billionaire, but I'm sure someone looks at what, you know, maybe what I have and they go, why would you want more? And in my head, I'm like, of course I want more.

And I'm angry at myself for wanting that, but it's never enough. Yeah. It's like leaving a party and you go to the, and then you move to the next room and then they put you back at the kids table and you're like, God, I just want to be at the adults table right now.

And I just keep ending up at a kid's table, no matter what level I get to. We were at an event that was, um, a basketball related event. And, um, I've said this before.

Ben has like some facial recognition software or something like that. Cause he's like that guy over there is the minority owner of this NBA team. I'm like, dude, how do you even recognize the minority owners of these teams?

Like that? I don't even know who these people are. You see him at an event.

You're like, that's him. He's standing alone. He's talking to nobody.

And, um, so we walk over, we're like, oh, let's introduce ourselves. Walk over and, uh, introduce ourselves. Hey, what's going on?

I'm sure. You know what brings you here? You know, whatever, something like that.

So he took, he, we kind of approached him from the side. He turns, he's got two AirPods in. I was like, all right, double air pot.

All right. No, that's okay. He'll, he'll surely take one out.

He looks at us. We say the first line. He kind of just looks at us.

Like, are you going to leave or is there more? Oh, there's more. Okay.

I see him. He takes out his phone and he just slides the volume slider down halfway. And I'm like, oh shit.

He's still, he didn't even pause. He just temporarily gave us like some airspace. And we, and we, we actually know a little, again, because Ben knows this guy.

He's like, oh yeah, he, he's really into this and he's, his business was doing this. So I'm like asking him about his thing for a second. And you know, this guy, if there was a cologne called leave me the fuck alone, he would have been spraying it all over us in that moment.

It was just so obvious what this guy did not want to talk to us. So fair enough. Uh, we walk away next day.

Uh, we see a picture of him, like on Instagram or something like that. He's smiling. And we, I texted our friend who approached him with us and I was like, oh, there's somebody snapped a picture of him when we walked away.

Like that's him smiling so bright. Uh, you know, as that interaction was over. But.

I feel like it's like, um, you know, you have to experience these things so that you won't do it to others. Right. And I always wonder like, what's the moment where I kind of did that to somebody now?

Like I, I never want to become that show me where I'm going to die. So I don't go there. Well, I want to ask you a, I want to ask you a question.

That's unrelated. I think Sean put this here is actually his last question. And I just read it.

And it's the same question of I have had. And we could see this now that, um, you guys are public. So Andrew's company is publicly traded.

Tiny.com. You could slash investors. You can find all the good stuff.

I think you guys even did your annual meeting. What is a podcast, which was cool. Sean has this question.

How the fuck does metal lab make so much money? And that is a similar question that I have. Um, it's astounding how, how your, your services part of tiny does so well, which I think it's, I don't know what the exact numbers you can clarify, but it's something in the range of tiny's making 50 or $60 million a year, um, with really healthy margins, which is just a very big agency.

So yeah, that's the question, Andrew. How the fuck does metal lab make so much money? Yeah.

I mean, agencies can be incredibly profitable and, um, they're incredibly hard. And I think that when you do it for almost 20 years and you have a niche. So for example, um, with metal lab and we own, you know, the numbers you're seeing are the blended collection of, I think six or seven different agencies.

What's the, what's the public number? I don't, I don't know. For that division.

I don't know. I thought it was like 60 or 70. Yeah.

I don't know. I mean, this is one of the downsides of being public, right? I don't want to say some number and have it be wrong and then, you know, whatever, but, but, you know, anyone can go look at the filings and see.

Um, but for the group of those agencies, um, you know, they can be incredibly profitable. Um, if you find a really, really good niche. And the nice thing with metal lab is that, um, you know, we basically own product design and building like MVPs for startups and stuff in 2007.

And we worked at it for a really long time. And so when you have that reputation, people will pay up to get you right. And there's really not that many people that do it and do it well and have the capabilities we do.

So you can charge a premium, uh, and have really healthy margins. Now that goes up and down depending on what's going on in the market, depending on how much, um, you know, how hard it is to hire a designer developer, that kind of thing. Um, and the problem with an agency is that it's the most variable business in the world.

So, you know, they're wonderful. They produce a lot of cashflow, but for the last 20 years, we've actually been aggressively diversifying away from agencies. And the agencies have just been the little engine that could, they just keep on growing and growing and growing.

We didn't ever expect that metal lab would get to the scale it's at. And, um, you know, it's been like an amazing surprise. Sean and I were just sitting the exact same way.

Yeah, I know. I had to stop myself. Cause I was like, Oh man, we're both like little.

Shirley Temple. Right. When I saw that, I was like, I'll let him go first.

But I know that there's so many things here that we're good. Well, simple question. Does metal lab get most of it or like how many salespeople does metal lab employee or people that like their core thing is to go sell metal lab as a service to other people, bring in new accounts, bring in business.

Well, so we don't really do a lot of outbound. Um, so it's mostly, mostly inbound demand. And again, that's another reason why the businesses, the agencies in general have been profitable.

Like we've basically focused on reputation and organic. Whereas a lot of the big agencies and people that have much lower margins. So like a typical agency will have 20% margins, 15% margins, even 5% margins.

If it's poorly run, often they have to have a whole bunch of people out there cold calling and selling. We don't have that problem to the same degree. People come to us and want to work with us.

So I think the sales team is maybe six or seven people or something like that. Um, the whole company is about 150 or something. Uh, you have had a bunch of agencies.

You've had metal lab, which is product design. I was that, I don't know. That's how I would classify it.

Um, you've had a no code agency. You have, um, a content agency. You have like a bunch of different agencies.

Metal lab seems to be like the biggest winner by far. Like if it was like, there's like a power law right inside your portfolio and, and, uh, and metal lab is bigger. It's been around for longer.

Um, is it because you started at the right time? Is it because you were there as the founder sweating it and grew it into something big? Is it because that niche is better?

Why is metal lab so much bigger? Why have these other agencies not had the same sort of, uh, scale that metal lab was able to? Well, we really only, um, started Debra based on here's what happened.

So metal lab was the golden goose that provided all the cashflow that we use to build tiny and buy all the other businesses. And to be honest, we really were kind of saying we don't want more agencies. Um, you know, we're happy to own that one.

Um, we'll hold it forever. Um, but that's not an area we want to focus on. Is that, is that beam?

Is that, is that division called beam? So here, I'll just read it. It's called beam.

I'll read here. This is from your 2000. This is from your, one of the reports.

So founded in 2006 with $0 invested, never raised the cent of equity. In 2021, it did 62 million in revenue with earnings of 21 million, 20. Uh, sorry, that was 21.

Uh, sorry, that was 21, 2022. It did 81 million with, uh, about 20 million in, in operating earnings. So those are the public numbers.

Yeah. So, um, so anyways, so we had this problem. So metal lab was getting to the point where they could only do projects for like $500,000.

So we had tons of leads coming and we had nowhere to send them. We would just say no. Um, and so we went out and we acquired a small agency in Spain.

We spun up 80, 20. We kind of basically said, look, we've got, um, we have a saw mill. We've got all this sawdust coming out of the saw mill, all this demand.

We should go form this into wood pellets and sell it. And so we basically created like a whole constellation of smaller agencies to service the leads from the big one. And then all of those agencies have kind of moved out of the house now.

So they're not reliant on metal lab leads anymore to the same degree. Um, and we've had some amazing successes while they're not as big. Um, most of those we started for 25 grand maybe, or up to, up to the biggest one we bought maybe for 500 grand.

Um, you know, that business today does two or $3 million of EBITDA. Um, so there we've had some really good wins, but I have this whole framework of like one plus one equals a hundred. And you guys had Syed on.

Yeah. What'd you think about that? Last week, I guess.

I loved it. It was great. And there's so much about the way that he thinks we've read all the same books.

Um, a lot, a lot was very similar and I was nodding my head along, but what he did with WP beginner where he goes, Hey, I've got this huge source of traffic. I've got all these users that want to be told what plugins to use. Uh, and then he can go and buy these plugins that have a customer acquisition problem.

They've built a great product. They're built by a developer. They don't know how to market it.

They don't know how to source customers. When you put those two things together, you're basically buying this business on historical earnings, but you know, you can 10 X it tomorrow. Um, and to me, that kind of reminds me of what we've done in the agency space.

We've said, look, we have, you know, a hundred leads coming in every month that are, you know, things we can't service. We might as well spin up all these agencies to make a bunch of money from those two. Um, and I love that model.

You told me that the revenue and the profit, I mean, it's almost 20 years old that the revenue and the profit in some years, it's been very lumpy where like it went down a significant amount the next year. Right? Oh yeah.

It's, it's a rollercoaster. This is the thing is everybody that looks at these businesses goes, wow, these are incredible. I'd love to own an agency.

The reality of an agency though, is that it's a whole bunch of people. Their hair is always on fire. They either have too little work or too much work.

Maybe they're over hired or under hired. And the margins can swing around a lot if you're not very disciplined. So these are very hard businesses.

They're not, um, they're not easy, but they can be wonderful businesses from a cashflow perspective. And certainly, I mean, Syed said it as well, but if I was, you know, if I lost everything, um, and I didn't have my Twitter subscribers, I would probably go start an agency. Like, I think that is the easiest way to make 500 grand a year.

Very, very simply. Uh, that's changing with AI probably, but. What niche agency would you do if you had to start over from scratch?

Would take away all your money and all your, all your audience? Well, I would do design just cause that's what I know. But, um, you know, that's, that's my world, right?

Like that's where I started. Um, but I don't know. I don't know how that evolves over time.

Sean, are you thinking about doing an agency? Me? Hell no.

Do you know anything about me? I'm looking to get rich the lazy way. I'm not trying to do the hard stuff, but you can do it.

This is what, this is what drives me crazy is you guys have. Look at Nick Huber. Nick Huber has 300,000 Twitter followers.

And he basically said, okay, um, I get five different inquiries. People message me asking for SEO. They asked me for property appraisal.

They asked me for web design and they asked me for. No one asks Nick for web design. Yeah.

Yeah. Super clear. Sure.

But whatever, Nick is one of my closest friends. He's doing an SEO agency. I'm like, Nick, do people ask you for SEO?

Like I didn't. He's what he's doing. What he's doing is smart, right?

So he's a human router. So he's got all these inquiries and then he's writing them. And so like what Sean did.

So this whole framework of one plus one equals a hundred, like Sean, what you did with shepherd, right? You have this business. It perfectly aligns with you.

You know, the product. All you have to do is talk about it a bunch and it will do well. You haven't, but that is a fucking hard business.

That is an agency, right? That's a recruiting agency, which is a brutal, brutal, complicated business. That's just been all abstracted away from you.

And you could do that. You could abstract away a digital agency. If you guys want to buy a piece of one of my digital agencies and just promote the fuck out of it, I will happily do a deal with you.

Okay. I will do that because, you know, it's easy for me to tell people that shepherd lets them hire talented people for 10x lower price than in the United States. It's easy for me to tell people that that they should go to support shepherd.com and go do that.

That's not hard, right? It's not hard for me to tell people how much insane value there is and how I use that for my businesses. Easy stuff to do.

Yeah. And how would the yeah, good plug. And I feel like I feel like you guys are like, you know, when I hear you say this, it's like you're looking at it and being like, oh, a carwash.

Like, I don't want to get my hands like all wet and like, I don't want to scrub the cars. And it's like, dude, you just own the carwash. Yeah, but you have to make sure that the product is good enough that you want to promote, which does involve brain power and worry.

Sure. Before I brought into shepherd, I tested every product that does that on the market. I hired through each of them.

I hired multiple people through shepherd, met with Marshall. It was like, okay, here's a deal that makes a lot of sense. And it's a it's at the right scale where it works versus he's like agencies from zero, I think are a lot harder.

But I will say the shepherd experiment has been so great that I can't wait to do the next shepherd because it is. It's the perfect thing, right? Their revenue doubles.

Mm-hmm . My income goes up without the operational load. Customers get a good service that they, you know, that they would, they need and they want it anyways.

That's, that is like so much easier than for example, my econ, my econ business is like your agency business. Like, you know, yesterday I'm looking at the inventory forecast. Oh, we were way under them.

We were way over and we're just constantly going to get this wrong. We have, we need so many people to do all the operations for this because it's a physical product and you have to do photo shoots. You have to do everything to make this business work.

Um, and I'm like, man, this is hard mode compared to, you know, the easy mode of what, what the other side of things we're doing. Totally. And that's the, that's the thing I think like to a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.

So it's like, you guys would probably both start newsletters. I'd start an agency. It's whatever, you know, and is easy, but it's not the forever business.

Like I have this whole thing about, um, you want to, you want to, before you launch your rocket, you need a launch pad, build the launch pad. This is the launch pad business, right? It just provides you the ability to go and do the things you're really passionate about.

Did you explain the, the one plus one equals a hundred? Did you say what that is? Yeah.

So, well, basically it's the idea of if you have an unfair advantage. So for Syed, it was, he has WP beginner, the blog. He has tons of people that are asking, Hey, what WordPress plugins should I use?

And then if he buys a WordPress plugin, which he can buy for incredibly cheaply, he knows he can boost it. So it's like a guaranteed return to me. It's like, um, you know, imagine if you own an airport and there's like 10,000 people in the lobby every day.

You know that you can sell them hot dogs. A hot dog stand is not a good business, but if you put a hot dog stand in the middle of an airport, I can guarantee you're going to sell a lot of hot dogs. There's a story after the Syed, uh, thing.

I started reading about Warren Buffett who I had, I knew nothing about. And I've been texting Andrew. I'm like, Oh, I get why you did this.

Like, this sounds awesome. You know, of course it sounds awesome when it's from the best person who's ever done it. But there's a story in the late sixties when he was maybe 35 and he goes to a movie theater and he goes, Boy, it would be nice to own a little bit of all these ticket sales of all these people coming to this movie.

This seems like a wonderful business. And then he goes, you know, there's this company called Disney that's doing this. They even have a theme park.

Let's go check it out, Charlie. And so they literally go to the theme park to like figure out and they talk to like the, the, the tenants at the attendants at the rides. And they're like, how many people come to this thing?

And they're like, that's how they're doing their research is they actually went to the theme park. And then he ends up buying 5% of Disney. I think he paid $4 million.

So it was worth, uh, you know, not a lot of money back then and knocked out the park. And then there's another story about this guy. He's like, yeah, Warren Buffett was supposed to be this wonderkin investor.

And we had all heard about him, but I was in New York and I saw him walking around New York, like pacing, counting his paces. And I asked him what he was doing. He's like, oh, we're going to invest in some type of real estate deal.

And I want to figure out how many paces it made up of this square block. So I can guess how many like people are going in. It was like something crazy like that.

It was really funny. He would actually test these things. He would look at the financials and that was the most important thing.

And then he would go like in real life and actually test these things to see like, all right, is this cool? Is this legit? What's this all about?

Or he would like, there's a story of him literally knocking on the door at Geico. Like, hey, can you get, can someone talk to me about this company? Tell me what you guys do.

Because the financials look great. And like, it was pretty funny how he did some of that stuff. He was very hands on.

Yeah. Buffett. I'm so glad that you're deep diving on Buffett now.

Because it is, it is the way I think about it is it's business abstracted to the ultimate degree. You think about this guy. He's got 90 or 100 companies.

He's got 375,000 employees. And he sits on his ass reading in Omaha every single day. And I just look at that and I go, how do I, how do I do that?

And I don't know that sitting on your ass reading all day is the thing you want to do necessarily. But how do you take enough of Buffett? Do you have the freedom to spend your time?

I always heard people say that. So I was like, Oh, I could read. So I've been reading like thriller novels and stuff like that.

I'm like, I'm just like Buffett. I'm just like Tom Clancy. And then I read his biography.

It's like, Oh, he's reading annual reports all day. Fuck that. I'm like, I can just sit at home and read all day.

So I've been reading like history books. I'm like, I'm just like Buffett. And then I read this book on him and I'm like, Oh, he's reading.

Like textbooks. Like it's way different. Yeah.

Chris, when Chris and I started tiny, maybe eight or nine years ago, we were like, we were reading all the Buffett books and we're like, Okay, this is what we're going to do. We're just going to read annual reports all day. We print out all these annual reports.

And I think we lasted like four hours doing it. It's so boring. It's so boring.

And it's these guys are like, they're, they're so all they want to do is read, right? Like Charlie Munger. He just reads all day.

I think Buffett said four hours. 500 pages a day that he would read. It's crazy.

It's insane. That's a book a day, 500 a day. Uh, it's so boring.

I like, I also tried to do that when I went and looked at the annual reports and I'm like, they're using the same words over and over again. I don't even know what these words mean. Uh, it's challenging.

Uh, you have some interesting topics on here. I want to do them. I want to do them.

So, um, what is the, give me these two cool businesses. So cool business. Number one, no story lost.

What is that? Yeah. So this is really cool.

So have you guys heard of the business story worth? Yeah. I'm a big fan of it.

Yeah. It's super smart. Started by this guy, Nick bomb.

He, him and I worked out of the same office when he was starting it. So he was, he, he, I was one of his first customers. I love him.

Yeah. He's awesome. He's living, living it up on, I think he's on Maui right now.

Just living there and living the dream. But basically, um, you buy it for like your parents or your grandparents, your siblings or whatever. Uh, I think it's like 99 bucks.

And all it does is it just sends like a drip campaign of questions. And so it'll be like, Hey, like, tell me about your childhood. Uh, what was a moment where you struggled in a job?

Who is your first boss? All these things that you've always been curious to know about your family and you can choose all the questions or whatever. And then at the end of the year, it compiles it into a book that you can then print and share with your family or whatever.

And I thought like, wow, this is an amazing idea. So I go and I spend 200 bucks. I buy it for my parents.

And of course my parents fill it out for like three weeks and then they just stop. And I talked to my dad and he's like, well, it's a lot of writing, you know, it was a lot of time. Uh, and so I, I was a little annoyed, but I was like, whatever.

And then I met this guy actually locally here in Vancouver and he has this business called No Story Lost. And it's like the VIP version of Story Worth. And so what they do is you just say, okay, dad, look, we're going to schedule like three zooms.

You're just going to talk to these people. And they basically have like biographers. They interview your parents or your siblings or whatever.

And then they actually write a proper biography of them. So I'm about to get this book, um, professionally written book about my dad's life. And I'm so excited to read it.

And my dad was just so much happier because he didn't, he just had to talk. And like my dad loves to talk. So yeah, it's a really neat little business.

I think it's like two grand or something versus 200. Do you know how big the biggest businesses? I don't, I don't think it's very big.

Wait, you met this guy. He has a cool business and you didn't strap him down and waterboard him until he told you his annual revenue. I invested, I actually, I invest, I think I invested 25 K in it.

Um, on basically like no questions asked, give him 25 K. I think it's doing like maybe a million or something, but I think their big problem is customer acquisition. So one plus one equals a hundred.

Here I am. Talk about it. Maybe blow this up and you don't need that many people to do it in order for it to do very well.

Like their problem is that, so Nick makes a shit ton of money. I think off story where you think so. Um, because, oh, because it's automated, right?

You don't need any employees. You basically build it once and it, and then you just market it. Um, whereas this, you gotta actually have a writer work with every single person that buys it.

So I think it's a much harder business model. Um, but as a customer, I think it's a really awesome idea. I feel like these are the businesses that AI is gonna like just really help all their margins.

Cause you can have an AI biographer, like an AI biographer is like a very good use case for these LLMs where they can ask questions that they know will poke and prod. They can take your responses and ask follow-ups and they can summarize all the audio that's coming in and transcribe it for, so, so that the writer then can come in, take the source material and like you could cut the writer's work down by something probably like 50 to 80%. Did you guys see the book or the business called, um, it was called book in a box.

Then it was called scribe and Sean was a customer of them. But basically, uh, my friend Tucker max started it and he hired a CEO to run it. And basically you would talk to someone for, I don't even remember how long and you pay 30 or 40 or 50 grand.

The prices have gone up throughout the years and they write a book for you. And it's mostly business people who want to write a book and eventually like it's paid speaking and consulting gigs. But I thought it was doing great.

And all of a sudden out of nowhere, not only did it go bankrupt, but like there was like petitions from the authors who were, who worked for the company as, as, uh, contractors are like revolting and like, it's caused a lot of controversy, but they owe you Sean a book, right? You paid them like tens of thousands of dollars and you just forgot about it or you bailed on it. Yeah.

I was like, you know, I bought, I paid. I was like, oh yeah, I want to write a book. Great.

These people help you write a book. They'll, you know, I'm, I'm a guy with more ideas than time. This will save me time.

Fantastic. Let's, let's try this. And it's the same sort of idea.

Like they, you have the book idea, the concepts they hop on the phone with you. They help you flesh it out. It's like, great.

I want a collaborator with that. And then as you're fleshing it out, you're basically, you can talk and they're taking all the notes and then they'll draft in your, you know, in the voice that you want, you edit. Right.

And I was like, oh, that seems like a good idea. But I was so busy. Like we, we started the milk road and I was like, okay, I'm, I'm operating a business.

I have to like do this well. And so I paused it and not, not just an iPosit. We have like five friends who all bought books and then paused them for various reasons.

Bailed. No, no, not bailed. In our mind, the door was always open.

And, uh, and yeah, the door is still open. I guess we just have to pay a little more money to get it finished now if we want to. Well, you know, um, I think I can say this cause they tweeted it, but in during ventures, uh, Xavier and Siva, they had bought it.

Yes. I wasn't, is that public? Yeah.

He tweeted it. Like he tweeted it out. I heard, I had heard about that, but I wasn't sure if he was going to do it or not.

I don't know what's going on behind the scenes, but for a company to go bankrupt that quickly without like any type of signs, I wonder if something's going on. Um, but I, I, uh, it seems like it might be a headache, but maybe it won't be. We'll see.

Yeah. I actually did it too. Like years ago, I was thinking about, I'm working on a book actually right now.

I ended up not doing it with scribe, but, um, I tried it and I just found that it's great. I think if you want to write like a, a corporate handbook that you can hand out to like your employees or something like that, like a cheesy business book. But if you actually want to write something like really, really serious and legit, I think it's a bit hard.

I know David Goggins. It's like their, their hit. He's their hit.

But I think it's just hard again, for the reasons we talked about with no story lost. How do you guarantee quality when you have that much demand and stuff? Like, I think you'd have to move up market.

I've been waiting for you to mention that you have doing the book thing. Cause I wasn't sure if it was public or not. Sean, you should read his first chapter.

I read the whole thing. Normally people ask me to prove stuff and I'm like, I don't want to. And then I started reading his and I was like, okay, I'm I I'm actually into this.

It's pretty good. It's been quite good. Yeah.

I can't wait. I think it's going to be amazing. Oh, thanks dude.

How far? Sean, I'll share it with you. I just sent the publisher, my rough draft.

It's still, I'd say it's still in the phase where like I'm embarrassed by it. Um, but I know that's the important step to making it amazing. Um, so yeah, I, I think it'll come out in 2024.

What's your motivation? Why write a book? Honestly, kind of to like muddle through, like, a there's a lot of lessons that I haven't read in other books around, um, business and stuff that we've learned.

So it's kind of the story of building tiny, but also just to kind of muddle through the exact thing we were talking about before about how everybody wants more. Um, you know, it's never enough. They're always trying to upgrade.

They're always trying to get bigger. They're always trying to do the next thing and play the status game or, you know, comes from childhood trauma or, you know, something else. And so for me, it's been about pulling that string, um, for myself.

So it's been a bit of kind of personal exploration and stuff. Um, it's been, it's been fun. I've really enjoyed it.

It's probably the thing I've enjoyed most over the last couple of years. Do you want to talk about some of these other companies? Uh, I know you have routines on here.

You have, I don't even know how to pronounce this one. It looks like a Hawaiian name. Yeah.

Let me, let me buzz through both. Um, so, uh, routines is really smart. So, you know, when you listen to Tim Ferriss interview, um, it's like two hours and sometimes you're just like, look, dude, like, look, doctor, you know, gut microbiome doctor.

Just tell me what you do. What do you do? What do I take?

What do I buy? Uh, and I actually was talking to Tim Ferriss about this and I was like, dude, you've got to add like a little segment at the end where you just say, here's the books. Here's the one book recommendation.

Here's one product recommendation. Here's one habit recommendation. Um, from each guest, you never did it too bad.

Um, but that's the juice. That's the stuff that I ask people when I'm one-on-one with them. And so my friend Hamza, who I think, you know, too, Sam.

Yeah. I use this agency. It's good.

Tamba. Yeah. Their agency is called Tamba.

T A M B A. Uh, they do really good work, but, um, so he created this site called routines. So it's routines.club is the URL.

And what it does is it basically runs you through the day of successful people. So it's routines.club is the URL. And what it does is it basically runs you through the day of successful people.

So it's a good habit recommendation. Um, it's a good idea. It's a good idea.

It's a good idea. It's a good idea. I like when I'm the guy from the audience and I, I, I'm, I'm the guy from the audience.

Yeah. Yeah. And, and basically breaks down my entire day from start to finish.

And it's all these things that I wouldn't even think to share. It's like, you know, how do I organize my email? How do I, um, you know, what supplements do I take in the morning?

Your shower and skin routine is huge. Right? Shower and skin, all these random things.

funny is he's used he's used um uh mid journey or whatever to generate images for all the things so it's this like terrifying you look like me the first picture first picture i mean this is just a plus i mean mid journey is like you know the world's greatest wingman here second picture now you're you feel like this is like these are two different people these are not the same person uh but that's you know one of those challenges mid journey so you wake up six to eight a.m all right big window um drink well it's depending on if my kids wake me up a big glass of water with electrolytes if it's sunny you make air press coffee nice nice plug um if it's overcast you use re-timer what's a re-timer it's like these little goggles that you wear and they blast your eyes with uh bright light they're to help you kind of wake up in the morning like if it's not sunny out you know how human is like go outside and see bright light oh this is great you don't have to go outside yeah so you don't have to go outside i'm looking at it anyway if you read through it it'll take like 20 minutes because there's so many freaking things dude do you take you take 10 supplements uh yeah like on and off depending on what they are well here's you have a good morning routine by the way what's it coffee you snort coke uh yeah this is good i shoot up i shoot heroin right between my toes and it actually says where which foot to do it in uh um but but so here's what's cool about this business is people want to share this stuff right it's like a very infinitely shareable like listicle of like here's this person's routine or whatever but throughout it if you look at the huberman one for example he recommends ag1 he recommends cold plunges supplements it's all affiliate revenue yeah and so it's just like one of these amazing build the content once updated occasionally focused on seo make like 30 000 a month plus of um affiliate it's just a perfect we talked about earlier like the launchpad business it's not the sexy business it's the launch pad this is cool i like this uh i like this example do the maui nui one what is that so this one is really i i thought this was super goofy uh when i heard about it and so basically me and my girlfriend we were visiting maui um and huberman was like oh you should meet this guy um jake who runs maui nui and so this guy picks me up in this like ramshackle truck he looks like a navy seal he's like the super jacked guy and he starts telling me he drives us into this huge ranch that they have and he starts telling me about the business and basically um there's these deer called axis deer and they're from asia i have them on my ranch yeah some hawaiian royalty brought them to hawaii to hunt like 150 years ago and because they had no natural predators they're just an invasive species they're like rats they're like everywhere and it's actually an environmental problem so they're like a pest they actually destroy the ecosystem and so the government literally flies helicopters and takes like you know machine guns and just guns these things down that's their current solution to this and so jake was like hey we could this is great meat a lot of native hawaiians hunt the meat and it's super healthy and delicious they sell it locally but the fda doesn't let you sell meat uh commercially and so he basically spent the last seven years getting approval to actually hunt and sell this meat and it's this like super complex problem so there's this interesting moat in the business it's going to take someone else like seven to ten years to compete and basically what they do is they have a bunch of professional hunters go out with sniper rifles and they in the middle of the night they just shoot these deer in the head right and it has to be the fda is like it has to be in the head like so imagine this you're a deer you get to live this awesome life you are eating organic food you're running all over hawaii and then one day in your sleep you just boom you're dead right and so i was like okay this is really fascinating uh so huberman tim ferris atia they all invested too um and here's what's crazy about the meat so not only is it like the most ethical meat you could possibly have because it's like a pest these deer are like killed super ethically and stuff but they've tested it and it has crazy micronutrient content so a piece of salmon is like 14 protein this is 20 protein like beef is like nine percent it's good for the environment the animals live natural lives and then one day boom headshot gone and so if you're like uh you know you're not eating meat for ethical reasons or for health reasons this is like an incredible business and so these guys sell like i think like 10 20 million dollars a year of pepperoni sticks and all this stuff so anyway go check it out maui i'm ordering this stuff did you invest in this sales i did yeah can you tell i mean i'm giving you the full pitch your sales pitches are good um sam how did you you said you have these these same deer on your ranch randomly in texas he just told this story about like how this japanese royalty brought it to hawaii and it's like this whole special thing you're like yeah i got i got some of the in my backyard right like what are you talking about well so it's just i don't know anything about animals or hunting but out in my farm you can only hunt normal deer i think for two or three months out of the year but we have this thing called axis deer i don't know if axis deer is like a category of animal or what no i'm looking at it looks the same they're basically deers with spots on them and sometimes they have like tall ears or uh and so they kind of look different but they're called axis deer they have spots and they're all over texas i don't know if it's like the same thing um or if it's like a category of animal but yeah we have them in texas i love how this random guy in hawaii just told a fascinating story i'm like i got a guy these deer rats that are everywhere actually that's like you know totally like they just needed to get this like waste product off their hands or like you know this thing's got 20 protein 80 luck and 100 power of will like it's like i'm buying this i love this man this is great like yeah and i'll be like oh you need an axis deer i got a guy you know so guys you know like you know like every everyone like 20 years ago was really into like drinking milk right like got milk and then it was almond milk then it was oat milk you guys are gonna love my next business it's rat milk are you serious no i could have i'm gonna order some of this beef i'm uh so like over the last two weeks i've gotten a little soft you know i had a little injury so i didn't work out like religiously over the last two weeks and i've been eating a lot of ice cream because it's hot so for the next 30 days sean you should try and join this with me i'm only going to eat meats and or uh plants and animals i gotta get i gotta get back to basic plants and animals oh yeah that's good i like the way you branded that that's nice plants and animals that's for the next 30 days i got to get my act together because i've been eating too much ice cream but i'm going to order this stuff uh i'm going to order it this actually looks great is this a fun business to run it looks fun to run but it might be a headache you got to ship this all the way from hawaii i think it's super complicated i think they can charge a premium because i think they're the only people that are fda approved to sell it um and you know they have the story and the brand and the investors and stuff but uh it's a hard business for that same reason right i mean there's a lot of people there's a lot of hunters um on the hawaiian islands that want the jobs and stuff but logistically you know these guys are basically going on these like uh hikes in the middle of the night to go and do these like you know they're sniping deer and then they have to shoulder carry them back to the truck and then they've got this whole facility there to process them and stuff isn't the problem isn't the problem with this so i i've got a lot of like i've got a bunch of the funny thing about austin is it's full of like crazy health people like like you know you don't even know like are they actually insane or are they being serious like you know they're afraid of wi-fi but every once in a while some of these guys will say something that's like really interesting and like turns out they're right and one of them being is like do you know butcher box butcher boxes boot strapped and i think it does like two or three hundred million dollars in revenue but my health nut friends hate it they talk trash about it they're like this is the worst you should never consume that meat um these guys will also say like whole foods they don't even touch whole foods chicken they're like you can't it's got to like if it's not it doesn't look a certain way i don't touch it you're hanging out with justin mares too much i didn't want to name names i don't know if justin if if justin has said that explicitly but yeah they're in the same circle it just sounds like something that justin would say for he's probably correct though he's probably but that's my thing it's these guys i'll be like all right but are you being like a conspiracy are you being like truthful and they're like this one's a little closer conspiracy but then with like the meat stuff like this is close to truthful but the problem with this business i would think is the bigger it gets the worse it gets right well i think when i talked to him about scaling and stuff he was like look there's a lot of hawaiian islands there's a lot of deer i think they can scale it over time i think is yeah oh yeah is there a lot of hawaiian islands well there's six or seven of them or whatever right and they they basically they do this on a tiny amount of land as it is right now so i think they can really think about the wrong way it's not a business investment there might be a business here this is a larry allison investment this is a this is some rich people do which is as you make money you start investing just in things that are interesting you start you start investing in dinner party conversations it's like i can't have my whole portfolio of like healthcare sass like yeah even if that's where you know like the most money is made i need to invest in things that are interesting to me that are cool people that i want to hang out with that do businesses that are worth talking about in life and there's like there's like a positive ev associated with that that people don't really understand until you you start doing it and then you're like oh this is nice you just got to keep the check small and do a bunch of these and so you have this portfolio of like interestingness one day i think i i would say i would say you're wrong um so so so imagine like you're saying the same thing about athletic greens right okay so i come to you and i'm like hey guys there's like these these guys they're like a vitamin but it's powder and you're like that's the stupidest thing i've ever heard what makes athletic greens amazing is that they spent the last 15 years building relationships with all the most influential health people in the world so it's one plus one equals 100 right they have tim ferris they have all these people who not only they buy ads with but they also have all these people owning equity in the business so a million different competitors can come out but if in your brain the winner is ag1 because that's what you've heard and all the people that you respect do you will do it and you will pay a premium right yeah but that's different like vitamins were a thing uh vitamins were a thing greens green smoothies people understood oh i should eat my vegetables that's been around forever i don't know how many people are like oh man the protein content on my salmon is too low i need to eat deer i need to eat this it's bigger than you think it's bigger than you know what i'm looking for a deer that was shot in the head that's what i know but there's a huge there's a huge audience though for people who go i want ethically sourced i'm i do that that's why i don't like buying a lot of huge is because i i don't like how they kill cows sean you actually kind of turned me on to that uh about like about the treatment of cows well i think this is very hypocritical i think you know anybody who's like ethically sourced meat it's like uh you know like yeah if somebody's like i ethically killed your dog or i ethically killed your brother it's like you know but there's a big difference between something to consume well it's not necessarily killing it's raising i think and then killing and then correct think about it this way so there's there's a broad spectrum right so you think about like industrialized meat is like concentration camps for animals right they're literally in these pens and they're fed this horrible stuff and they have these miserable lives i don't feel good about eating that do i feel good about eating an animal who lived a great life and then got sniper rifled in the head yeah i feel fine i actually feel fine there's definitely a spectrum just to be clear though this is still in the murdering for our pleasure uh for our mouth pleasure part of the spectrum and there's a there's a lot more part of the spectrum that you could go to if you chose to i'm i am uh i'm totally a bit of a hypocrite on this as in i do eat meat so i'm not like i'm not like a vegan telling you this but at least i don't lie to myself and tell myself that oh man i'm doing such a good thing morally here by uh by killing by killing them the best way the nice way you might yeah you it's like it's like you might drive an electric car and it's better than driving a gas car but you're still producing tons of toxic chemicals because you made the batteries and stuff it's just a little bit better yeah right i agree with you though i do think like in 100 years we'll look back at eating meat and be a little shocked yeah 100 um that's my opinion sean would you would you if we went somewhere would you like for example for thanksgiving did i tell you for thanksgiving we killed our own turkey no you didn't tell me that how was that uh yeah and so would you do that no wow okay i thought that i wouldn't do it would i be excited am i excited to go do that no uh would i do it if that's the thing we wanted to do sure i'm not like anti the whole experience but uh i'm not like pumped about that nor would i like seek that experience out also turkey massively overrated it sucks separate issue and by the way killing it and eating it it did not taste good at all the fake like the butterball turkeys taste way better and turkey is a is a horrible meat but yeah i agree um what do we wanted to wrap up with one or two more things yeah let's do uh well you have a question for sam i think that's an interesting one why don't you do that one andrew yeah i was curious so sam like i look at hampton hampton is a business i mean i've said this to you privately but hampton is the business that i've thought about starting for 10 years so i joined something called entrepreneurs organization uh 15 years ago and i was like this is a very very good business every member of eo pays five thousand dollars and there's all these local chapters they self-organize basically and these guys just must be making an absolute killing and you have this total lock-in because once you like your forum group you have these like core core groups like you do at hampton or whatever people don't want to leave they're locked in they pay their five thousand dollars a year or whatever it is they go to events etc and so i for years have been like someone needs to start the new eo and you have and so i look at it and i i go freak damn i wish i owned that business um what are the things though like just like you guys being like oh my god like you know these agencies andrew owns are the best businesses ever what are the on the flip side what are the things that we we should know about hampton that are make it hard to run or surprised you about right so the thing about hampton so andrew joined and sean has been like messaging like maybe i should join and i'm like andrew wanted to he's like yeah just take my money and just let me join i'm like no no no you have to get interviewed i just want a little vip treatment i just want a little past the line it's like we've not done it to go to a friend's restaurant and you just get treated as a normal patron that doesn't feel good it's not the same agree that feels a little bad wouldn't you think well because we have to have we have to indoctrinate people we have to like get them into the values of the system we have to like teach them how to be a good community member so the thing about hampton is that in terms of like the physics behind it this is going to be a massive company i think like there's i always tell our team there's nothing holding us back like there's like very little like outside factors that are going to ruin it but the number one thing that sucks about it and that we we 100 can screw it up and it can go to zero is if you start letting in too many people too quickly so you cannot scale it like crazy fast i think you can scale it fast but i think you can't scale it like you could a software you're not just throwing bodies into it and so we have to be super thoughtful about it about who we let in and why another thing is is that the feedback loop is fairly short so people in hampton have monthly meetings and then now we have retreats that people go on once a year or twice a year so we don't get feedback that quickly and in order to like i can't just like make an assumption or i can't like have like an mvp of a retreat because someone's flying across the country to go to a thing so it has to be good right away and that's very stressful that i can't like just like you know if i own like a shopify store i can't just throw up a product up there and have someone buy it and then just return the money and be like sorry it'll come soon or this sucks maybe but it'll improve with tech um so that's scary about not having mvps but you it the thing about community is once you screw it up i don't think you can fix it and so it seems like it's high stakes all the time and so that's why we're trying to be meticulous about growing slowly um i don't know andrew what am i missing you've kind of like no i think you're right i it's interesting the thing that made me leave eo um so the chapter um the guy who ran the chapter super nice guy like amazing i love the guy but he let in a couple people who i really really didn't like and i found myself dreading going to some of the events and just kind of just sketchy people right like people that ran a bit dicey businesses and gave me bad vibes and stuff and that was actually the thing that caused me to leave eo and do my own forums so i now have four forums that i just manage myself um but i i don't think most people are like me i think most people will stick with it but you do really have to be thoughtful about who you let in and i i think the hardest part and i've had this experience i've ran a lot of forums over the last 15 years and been in a lot of forums if there's someone who's toxic the cancer has to be cut out but that is an incredibly awkward conversation uh and it can really piss people off obviously and we've fired a bunch but we've kicked people out if they like uh talk about confidential stuff publicly but um but also another thing about this these businesses the thing about eo ypo visage do you guys know visage i think i mentioned them they sold for like 1.5 billion recently they're already doing like half a billion in revenue dude they last so long so ypo eo and visage i think all were either started in the 50s or the 60s and so the cool thing about these companies is if you nail it right you can have it for 50 or 100 years and so that's why i'm really fascinated by these types of companies because there's zero technological there's zero tech like tech everything can change with ai it will have zero hope i think how does how does it feel to be sitting on a winner like does it did you feel the same way with the hustle does this feel no yeah i i felt like the hustle like with with hampton i'm like well there's a clear path to get to 100 million dollars you just got to give it 10 years if you want uh in revenue like i just have to like it's just a time horizon thing you just got to sit and wait and you have to work but you have to wait whereas with the hustle it felt a little bit more like we were making we were innovating in a very small space where i'm like i don't know if the math shows that this will work it might it might not but we're still learning with this business i'm like no it's 100 going to work the only thing that screws it up is ourselves that's why i say there's no like physics allows this to work perfectly you also have an unfair advantage right i think that if you i mean i guess you launched hampton privately you didn't promote it but now that you do so unfair now that you have talked about it you have like you have free customer acquisition yes we've not spent money on you you almost have 50 million dollars a year versus of free marketing by going on podcasts on this podcast and other podcasts you're on and just talking about hampton and then your brand value as a person being associated with it it is that one plus one equals 100 yes and right now we've had five or six or seven thousand people i forget apply and so that makes it like the easiest thing ever but if you look at on deck on deck had that as well and they totally it up they it up because they they treated it like a tech company where they weren't thoughtful enough and they try to just scale and that is my fear of like getting greedy and growing too quickly well they raised they raised venture why would you raise venture it's like this is a business that pays for it it's got you have negative cash conversion cycle right people prepay you for services delivered over a year and like it's insane yeah so it's like a great business i think it's going to be like i don't think we'll ever sell it but i think it could be like a they can be billion dollar companies i think um so it feels good well tiny if you ever decide to to sell it tiny will bro i i or if you ever want to take money off the table i think i hopefully it'll be big enough that we'll be buying you i i mean we i i know but and seriously when i was looking the reason andrew even though we're friends i really admire you because when i people have invet and asked to invest and i'm like no dude this is my metal lab baby like this could like this is what i love i don't ever want to sell it but it might make a ton of profit and we could just use that profit to buy stuff that kind of uh supplements it um and i don't want to take any money because i don't want to have to feel guilty about doing that we're gonna i'm gonna uh be on a helicopter and it'll land on sam's yacht and then i'll get there and he'll be like oh what's your market cap and i'll be like oh like five billion and he'll be like oh hampton's 25 billion that's cute no i don't know i remember when we hit five those are the old days the come up is always the most i got a lot of advice for you early yeah i think it's cool but it it feels like i haven't talked about it publicly too much it's because this is the first time where i'm like i'm just gonna shut the up and just be quiet and just keep on going um because it's working nicely i think it's actually quite hard to replicate though you have to have an audience it was quite hard to like get the uh early customers but yeah it feels good well it's it you're reading the right book right like reading the buffett stuff and moats because that i think that's like the ultimate like people think investing is numbers there's a little bit of that there's napkin math but at the end of the day it's like assessing like what is the mo what's the competitive advantage and you just have such a crazy competitive advantage in terms of customer acquisition and then also customer law and sean i know that you're exploring this business even before i don't even think you told me so the big learning it's a logistical nightmare so not nightmare but it's very challenging like in like imagine let's say we have 10 000 members and we're doing all these retreats that's basically a retreat a day you know what i mean like yeah it's quite challenging logistically what we need to do is go and hire a bunch of mackenzie nerds and it's like here's how we do it by hand automate it uh but i don't i don't agree with that i think um so what eo does is they've outsourced everything so when you eo has chapters there's a vancouver chapter for example uh all the members pay their dues and then there's a chapter head and they are managing that whole thing and then when they have retreats they're just told hey um you know the budget typically is this you guys all self-organize one person from the forum is responsible for managing it here's the handbook on doing it and they just kind of do it themselves so i think there maybe there's a better way to do it but i don't think you have to scale up headcount logistics no i don't think you do either but you still have thousands of people flying places and you want to make sure that the experience is optimal so there is still some quality control are you going to do like a massive conference like a super conference of all the people in hampton with like insane speakers and stuff or is that just too much logistics yeah we want to yeah i'm just trying to figure out how to do it andrew what is this uh profit first methodology that's that book that you like i love this so yeah one of the guys um one of the ceos actually the ceo of beam um he sent me this book and um i love the idea so basically um you know there's this concept of like if you eat your food on a smaller plate you're going to eat less you guys know about that um so basically what you do is very simple let's say that you earn a hundred dollars in your business and you want to have a 50 profit margin you just take the day the hundred dollars comes in you take 50 and you put it in a bank account that you can't see and that's it you just put it away and so then you and your team are left with 50 to run the business and you know you might have to adjust the number and figure out what's sustainable but what i learned running um all my digital businesses was that we had businesses with 90 net profit margins and if you had looked at that business and said okay well it's this kind of business it should have 20 profit margins we easily could have run it that way but because chris and i were incentivized we own the whole business we paid a lot of attention to the pnl and what was possible we would try and run it at the maximum profit and so this basically allows you to achieve the same thing psychologically as the smaller plate you're just showing you're basically budgeting for 50 profit and you're saying figure does that cause issues with your ceo of the company well we don't do it this isn't something that we do this is something that we've sent out to all of our ceos is like hey this is really interesting this might be something you might want to do but i think it works better for small businesses i know a lot of people who um they talk to me and they're like oh you know i have an agency too but we just can't figure out how to make it run at x margins and i'm i kind of go like rip the band-aid right if you want to make 30% profit margin right if you want to make 30 profit margins take 30 of every 100 that comes in you move it to another bank and that's what you told me to do and i've not been comfortable with it yet dude you yeah don't even get me started sam sam and i have had like tech screaming matches me just being like dude you have to dividend your money out because my whole thing is um you don't want to leave excess cash burning a hole in the ceo's pockets or making them complacent so let's say you own a business that has a payroll of 500 000 a month a lot of people will leave like 20 million dollars in that business and i think that just lets the ceo feel relaxed i like them to basically have a month two months of cash but you're spending you're spending cash that you haven't earned yet well sometimes but if if that's the situation and they need more then they just say hey shareholders uh send me some of that money back but you say i'm the bank so for example in tiny tiny the holding company above is the bank and we basically say look keep your money with us and if you guys hit a snag and you need a little bit of extra money for payroll or r d or whatever we'll send that right down in you know 12 hours so for prepaid meta customers which you i don't actually think you do prepay but let's say you did let's say someone prepaid for a project that will take a year and it's a hundred grand and you get that up front you're happy or you're willing to spend that 100 grand before the year's up and the service has been fully delivered well not always but i think if you can model it like so for example the argument we were having so someone pays ten thousand dollars for a year of service in hampton and so you guys have all this cash sitting in the bank the thing is you guys have new members constantly streaming in so you have ten thousand dollars flowing in x times a day you have very predictable cash flow from my perspective i would basically just say all right what's your what's your uh expected margin and i just take that and dividend it out immediately um and i and again it's trying to create a feeling of always always paying attention to the bank account always paying attention to the balance sheet and the p l and i just think that when you have a year of cash just sitting there i think your ceo will naturally be like oh we could do this you know we could go do a super conference and spend 10 million dollars on it or um you know what it's okay we didn't uh do that great this month because you know we've got all this money in the bank i think psychologically you want everyone eating from a smaller plate and when you say dividend out what percentage is andrew wilkinson taking home to buy a home in cars and live versus dividend out to reinvest into your own stuff i had like a well so it's different now that we're public what i used to do is i would get i owned 80 of um of beam basically and i would get so i'd get 80 of those dividends those would go to my holding company i would buy stocks or invest my general framework for this though is i want to spend five percent of what i earn at most and so whatever that number is if you earn you know 10 million dollars a year 500 grand a year is just living doing whatever and everything else should get invested so you live on five percent of your of your income and the rest goes to tiny or whatever is the setup for your holding company or is tiny considered your holding company tiny is my well so i have a personal holding company where i have my personal assets but you know 90 plus percent of my net worth isn't tiny so and has it always been five percent so when you're earning a million dollars a year when you're earning a million dollars a year were you only spending fifty thousand no i was well i wasn't spending a ton but i was what i was doing is starting a lot of businesses i would i'd say maybe it was 20 or 30 back then but over time it's come down to about five percent or less and it's been there for probably 10 years um but um but yeah one of the things i see that a lot of people do that's really quite stupid is they don't let themselves live it up so they'll own this amazing cash flowing business and they don't let themselves you know go buy the beautiful house go buy the great car and so they end up acting in this way where they go well i've got to sell my company i've got to have an exit and i have i have had friends where it's like dude the exit was right in your bank account you know you could have just dividended the money out to yourself and then you wouldn't have had this really stressful horrible experience with private equity and been through all that stuff um so i'm a big advocate of like living it up living a nice life you know don't go crazy and buy faberge eggs but like buy a nice car and a nice house and whatever and then just invest everything else what percentage of your income do you spend sean uh i don't know i don't even think about like that um is that like is are you allergic to that or are would you not allergic to it but it's it's like you said like you know uh i would say my income has 10x and my spending has 2x so as long as that ratio stays about right that's fine yeah i don't really look at the percentage versus versus earnings so much as like you know before i guess like at the beginning when the earnings were lower right like for a long time i was basically earning like between i don't know like in my 20s i was making like 120 to 160k a year roughly uh for a bunch of my 20s and you know during that time i don't know i was probably i was living in san francisco paying california taxes like you know i was probably spending uh if you include taxes you know i was spending the bulk of my money i wasn't really saving that much probably saving 20 of my money 30 i don't know something like that um and you know the uh tim ferris said this thing on this podcast i really liked he goes um unless something's gonna make a ton of money give it away for free i think that's a great rule in business and content and a great rule for creators like us i think the uh which is partly why i don't like your your twitter experiment although i understand the reasons why you do it um i think there's the same thing for sort of like you know where do you put your mental energy around finances it's like this is either needs to make a lot of money or save a lot of money or i'm just gonna like not pay i'm gonna give it zero budget mentally um because otherwise i'm just using my mental budget on too many things i'm just not gonna think i don't want to think about things unless it's like a a large swing so for most of most of my 20s i was just trying to figure out how do you make way more money like i'm not trying to go from 20 savings rate to 30 savings rate it's like how do i 10x my income that was like the first you know like it's all i was thinking about and took me a long time but like that paid off because once you do that you don't you're you know you're so glad you never worried about the the smaller thing yeah ramit sethy has a great book called i will teach you to be rich and he talks a lot about that right people obsess over like oh you know i used to spend six bucks on a frappuccino and now i just buy a black coffee and save three bucks and it's like you're so much better off focusing on the macro you know your mortgage all those sorts of big expenses and then just focusing on making way more money to the point where it really doesn't matter he goes don't focus on three dollar problems like a cup of coffee focus on thirty thousand dollar problems like getting a raise notice this with hiring too like you hire somebody and um i'm negotiating like a 5k or 10k salary difference and i'm like okay um you know you're this basically like an 800 a month gross uh difference net to them after taxes is going to be like 500 a month difference okay fair enough not saying that that's nothing but like the percentage of their concern around that difference versus like the role who i am what they're going to learn from this like how like they don't really think about how do i use this opportunity to be able to make 10 times more money in the future or better what are the terms on their stock options how are they struck what's the valuation is it reasonable yeah or like yeah what's my what is my incentive if i could do a great job what does a great job even look like here and then how much is that worth to you and can i structure an incentive where if i really knock it out the park i can make three times my salary this year versus this kind of like 10k you know salary gap um but you know i i guess like obviously not everybody cares that way or thinks that way but uh i don't know it seems like of of 100 of the population it seems like at least 20 of the population should be asking themselves those types of questions more often um in the same way that like before i met any business people i just thought like wait oh after college you go get a job i didn't think there were other options and only once i saw that there's these other options and that man those people doing business they seem to be having a lot more fun and making more money like okay i guess i could go do that it's like you just sometimes need to see it or hear it and then it changes the way you think and that i think more people should see or hear the question of like how do i make three times more in half the time how do i make 10 times more total how do i have twice the fun on the same salary how do i twice the time on the same salary it's like there are just better questions you can ask yourself than the ones you're asking although i will say one thing that i really miss do you guys remember we started that business called buyer where it was negotiation as a service that was an awesome idea amazing idea amazing guy who ran it kimia um we ended up selling it to ramp um i didn't really want to sell it but for kimia it was like his first big exit so so it made a lot of sense and we're really excited for him but i really missed that business because that's one thing where i'm just too busy running my business to negotiate things and you know when i'm buying like a car or you know doing a um i don't know any like a big buy of furniture or like a renovation or anything i still want that so i really just i put this out to the audience someone needs to restart that business negotiation as a service that's a nick huber that's a great nick huber business i agree are you going to make money on the uh stock of ramp ramp does good i think we we didn't we didn't take stop stock we just took cash because we for us we could just take the money and invest it ourselves so we knew we could get a good return within tiny dude these are the best podcasts these are the best podcasts where we're just where we're just hanging out uh i wonder if the listener prefers these where it's uh like it just hangs but i like those better personally yeah that was super fun guys if you like it compliment us in the youtube comments you don't like it well you're probably gone by now and that's the pod thank you