I for sure bet I would bet you for sure they're in north of a hundred million in subscription revenue What do we got I want to talked about talk about this idea It's not an idea. It's a company arsenic. Yeah, they've been around for about four years now.

Yeah, I know I don't know how they're doing. Do you know if they're doing well? They were doing okay Basically the way that I knew some like media people who talked about them and knew them and I'm almost positive that it's run Like it looks like it's run which is a bunch of kids who are good-looking and rent a mansion and they just do right So the debauchery and so the idea is arsenic is essentially playboy for the snapchat generation And so they have a snapchat channel because you know the idea is like okay playboy is a big deal What would playboy be like today?

It would not be a magazine It would be you know a snapchat channel and so they created the snapchat channel, which is perfect because it's like If you follow it you get it if not it's not in your face So it's not like like Facebook would be a little weird Instagram would be a little weird and they have email too And they just have this mansion and they have all these models and it's not porn But it's definitely models who are good-looking and they just have one model like sort of take over the channel At least this is what it was three years ago. I just think this is a great idea. They raised three million bucks I don't know how they're doing so they've got books they do like tours I think that it could be doing a the idea is I bet it's a cash cow.

I think it hmm well I Because they were getting millions of views back then on their videos I can only assume it's grown unless snapchat blocked them, but they're not outside the bounds of what's that allowed That chat allows porn right no they don't allow porn, but they do see a lot of point allowed nudity They don't if you're putting on your stories, you'll get banned eventually if you're doing new if you have a private they do they don't do nudity What's that for a private account you can eventually if it gets flagged they'll take it down like it's not in the rules to do nudity Well, that's far as I know have you heard of only fans? Yeah, love it So explain only fans only fans. So basically what happened is on snapchat all these porn stars were putting up like porn Yeah, like Well softcore porn.

I don't think it was like sex but Uh, like pay me ten dollars and i'll let you follow me right and you'll follow my account where I post nudes and only fans launched and what they did was it was a platform Where they I don't think they started with porn, but now it is that yeah, so just embrace it But basically if you I don't even think it's porn. I think it's like web girls and web cam girls and you pay $20 however much they want you to and you get access to their private video feeds. Yeah, it's like patreon but porn basically Yeah, so you pay you become a contributor and then you get their private photos and videos.

It's taken off Yeah, has it yeah and the reason yeah because I was doing like Who cares if I consume it or not from a business point of view? That's how I know about it Well, we all care if you can And uh, and uh, I mean no surprise like so I did I did research on it. I did research on it.

Of course this takes off Yeah, but so here's you know why I think these things take off is the people who don't take care of the creators They they they for these types of things they they go away. Yes Um, and so there's always demand so the demand is always there The question is does the platform allow the supply to do what they want to do and the big platforms don't do it It's not worth their brand and risk and all the stuff because they have big only fans I for sure bet I would bet you for sure they're in north of a hundred million in subscription revenue and then they take their cut That's insane at one point in time when we had a we had blab like live streaming product And it wasn't working we had to pivot and we pivoted it eventually to video gaming But I definitely laid out a case to the company that's an investor. I was like look um Porn is the porn is where this would be the best like these they're not like fucking on camera.

I don't think Okay, well, whatever you want to call it like soft core porn or whatever, but like um Going after the sort of the cam girl market Um is a pretty it's a big market and the websites that are there really really suck and so So sounds like ultra bands did well We had kind of a heart-to-heart. We're like is this what we want to build? And uh, my co-founder felt a certain way the investors felt a certain way what did furcon want to do?

Um, he was like not down to that. I'm so down with that Yeah, so I think it's you got to make a personal choice And since then i've had a bunch of entrepreneurs reach out being like hey, we saw you did blab We read your postmortem you guys got to four million users, but it didn't work. I have a very similar concept I think it's gonna work Can you give me some advice and I tell him from the bat jump i'm like this version is not gonna work consider porn I think it could work consider the cam girl angle because You know, that's the one stone we didn't turn when we were considering You know where to pivot this thing to make it I would for sure do that because think all these like Patreon all the shit they're like we're gonna empower creators.

Okay, i'm behind that But even though a lot of times I think they don't but if you're gonna empower a creator Imagine this like woman who can just crush it by not breaking the law and just using her own body I'm philosophically i'm so in favor of that, right? Yeah, I think as a business person i'm definitely in favor of it I think it's just a personal business person. I love it.

I was just like a human being. I'm like, yeah You