Every day is a little bit different. I can tell you what it's like for me, which is get up at 7am, try to exercise, as that's one of the few times I can have without my phone ringing, get to the office at 9am, and pretty much just talk to all the employees about what the problems are and how we fix it. And then go home at 8 or 9am and get on to the next day.

We're in this beautiful 1930s theater. We have folks who have flown from all over the places. I get up early, I journal, I make coffee, I work really hard at my day job, I come home and in between I jot down notes on my phone of my idea, my psyche and what I want to do.

Waking up, nursing my baby who was just born, pumping milk in the car on the way to work, all thinking about the problems of the day and probably on a conference call at the same time. Working on everything from marketing to new partnerships to HR issues, coming home at the end of the day to my family, putting the baby to bed and then getting my computer back out and working with more. Once you get it started, that's the easy part.

It's keeping it going that's hard. When people call me like, what are you doing today? I'm like, I'm just figuring out how to do this.

And that's what my day is every single day. It's just figuring it out. Figuring it out.

Yeah, that's what it is. Oh, you do a lot of shit all the time. Ask yourself, what should I be doing?

What do people need? How can I help? I was running e-commerce, the store, the actual website, I was running our Facebook ads, I managed the social media accounts.

As an entrepreneur, you kind of do the things that is nobody else's job. Your job coming in might not be the same job a few months from now. And so if you can have that willingness to fail and get out there and make mistakes, that's what it is.

Entrepreneurs are about taking risks. We've got to take them each and every day in order to be stepping stones towards our success. Our next channel is to people.

What we're trying to do is something really cool. We're starting with media, we're starting with events, but we're really trying to empower this entire generation of people who are trying to put their dead in the world. And we're starting with news.

We built this ad model from scratch, so we have a two-person team, Becca and Colby, making this happen all on their own. And our writers, who are our foundation, spend a crazy amount of time and dedication to make this happen. And they are our foundation.

I'm mad ethnic right now. I live it how I get it. Come to motherfucking digits.

I pull it with a lemon. Not cause she ain't living. It's just your eyes get a city.

I need hot song card! I worked with Wes since 2012, and he's helping lead a new team of tech. We added 30,000 new subscribers for the month of May.

These guys are responsible for me getting a tattoo. I had to get a tattoo behind this crazy guy, Adam Ryan. We pretty much just say, Adam, what do you want to do now?

And he says, I want to get this guy or this woman, and we're going to hire them and get this office and do this. I'm like, alright, that's fine. Great to see Carol.

Huge shout out. You guys totally made it happen. That was the smoothest and easiest hustle economy that's had.

He said, hey, you know, John and I want to start a company. We're going to do media and events, and we'd like for you to join us. And I knew that even though you said there's a 99% chance that we were going to fail, there's just no way we were going to fail.

And that's the only reason that I joined. So, you know, screw it. Let's make it work.

Let's make it work. The investigator. I got an email.

Wow. Yeah. Yeah.

The speakers in the face. The speakers in the face. The speakers in the face.