Sean, you and I were sent something from our friend Jack. Steph, I'll fill you in. So basically, there's this guy named Ryan Cohen.

Ryan Cohen, he started Chewy.com, which is like Amazon for pet stuff, when he was young. Right, Sean? I think he was like in his early 20s.

And he was aggressive when he started it. He raised a ton of money. He started it out of Florida.

So he was very much like an individual thinker. He was like, no, we're not doing Silicon Valley. We're going to do this out of Florida.

He raised like a billion dollars, a huge sum, ended up selling it for 3, 4, 5, 6 billion. I don't know the exact amount. Then it goes public worth many billions.

But after doing that, he made, I think, around like $600 million, like a huge amount of money. And after he made that money, there was an article written where he goes, I pretty much put all of my money into two stocks, Apple and Wells Fargo. So he put like all of it in there.

And since that article went live, that means that the money that he put in there has gone up 361%. Then about a year and a half ago, he noticed that there was a brand that he loved that wasn't doing so well. And he thought these guys could totally revolutionize the game.

But they're just really like getting they're getting crushed right now. I'm going to buy 10% of the company, which he did for $76 million. And that company was GameStop.

And when he bought GameStop, that's when this whole like meme stock thing went down. Because everyone was like, Brian Cohen bought it. And he actually it worked.

He turned the company around, or at least it's in the process, but it's being turned around. And his $76 million, he turned into 1.1 billion. And he currently still owns like 13% of the company is on the board of directors.

Now, just this morning, it was released or announced that he just bought 10% of Bed Bath & Beyond. So he's doing the same thing. And this guy is a madman.

I think I'm almost positive he's still only 34, 35 years old. I also researched on LinkedIn. I'm almost positive that it's just him like he doesn't have an employee.

Maybe as an assistant, but it's like just him like searching around for stuff. So this man's crazy. And I love him.

He's up 60%. So his money's already up. Yeah.

Okay. He's amazing. I feel like there should be like a ticker for just like stocks that aren't small that have fallen like 80 plus percent from their highs.

And it's like what crazy operators want to like come in here and totally turn this thing around. I feel like you could also have a podcast about that where you just like you find a stock like Bed Bath & Beyond. And you're like, look, highs were at $80.

It's now at what was it before this? Like $6. Like what would you do if you were operating this business and have people like come on and battle like Jeopardy style and see who comes out with the best strategy?

That's kind of cool. Yeah. Right now there's like a whole bunch of growth stocks that are down somewhere between 50 and 80 percent from their all time high.

And, you know, stocks like Zoom and, you know, Fastly and a bunch of others. And there's, you know, there's like kind of that Warren Buffett phrase, you know, be greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedy. And it sure does seem like now is a good time to be greedy when others are fearful.

Right. Like there's a lot of, you know, opportunity everywhere in the market. And so, you know, if these are things that you believe in on a 10 year time scale, then like this is a fantastic entry point.

Here's another interesting one. So I was thinking about this Bed Bath & Beyond thing and GameStop. And my friend Joe sent this to me.

So have you guys remember Express? Yeah. I don't know if they have that in Canada stuff, but Express, mostly women's clothes.

It's like it was like fast fashion before that was like even called the thing. So look at what their market cap is. I think their market cap is $250 million right now, but their EBITDA is $150 million.

So I think Express is an interesting one, too. Yeah. But you got to look at like the debt and all these other obligations.

They have a ton of debt. Yes. They have a ton of debt.

That's the problem. They've got a ton of debt. What I told Jack was, I go, Ryan Cohen is basically, he's doing the Tai Lopez playbook of buying old retailers and spinning them into like, you know, e-commerce and sort of rejuvenating these big old brands.

You know, he's doing the same playbook as Tai Lopez just without being Tai Lopez, which is actually a great idea in general. That's a great business plan to follow. Do the Tai Lopez playbook without being Tai Lopez is like a great, great idea.

When people talk about buying, like buying the dip, I hate that because I'm like, I don't have any money to buy. Sounds like chew the dip. Yeah.

That's what I got to do. I don't know. Whenever people say buy the dip, I'm like, with what?

I don't own anything. What do I do? You don't keep any dry powder.

That's so funny. I feel like you're always Mr. Safety Net with cash and other things.

You have dry powder. Why aren't you buying the dip? I have $100,000 in cash.

Oh, wow. Okay. I thought you used to have way more in cash.

Now that you're a short-term real estate mogul, you've deployed everything or what? I've deployed everything. Yeah.

I don't have that much cash. I don't have enough. Do people just keep cash in a checking account?

Yeah, certainly. People do that. They do CDs.

They do different versions of a market-neutral cash position. I own bonds. I own a ton of bonds.

Seven figures of bonds. But I guess I can sell that. Why do you do that?

Who told you to do that? 5% of my net worth is in bonds. Who told you to do that?

Nobody buys bonds on their own. Everybody gets told to buy bonds. A lot of my portfolio is 90-10.

So 90% equities, 10% bonds. Wait, do you own a bond? I don't own a single bond.

Steph, do you? I don't own a single bond. Really?

But I feel like Sean's right. What rate are you getting on these bonds? Aren't interest rates at zero?

Yeah, nothing. Like 2%? Yeah.

You're losing money. This is just traditional. You've locked yourself into a money-losing position.

Congratulations. Actually, that's a good question. With Havoc going on right now, Sean, is your net worth down from one year ago today?

Assuming you did not add any new cash. Yeah, for sure. One year ago?

Because one year ago was like a market high, right? Like if you're talking about right after the COVID bounce. So like let's say COVID crash, then COVID recovery all happened in like a three-month period or six-month period basically.

So let's just take the all-time high last year to today. I got to be down 25%, 30% easily. Easily 30%.

I would have thought it would have been a lot more because you have more high-risk stuff. Yeah, but like a lot of my stuff is in Amazon stock and Amazon stock has done fine. You know, it's down a little bit.

But yes, that one's not so bad. And I would say like, you know, that's a pretty large position. So that's not super, that's not very risky in my opinion.

And, you know, crypto, crypto's, you know, down whenever 30%, 35% from last year, most of it. But I have a few like altcoin bets that have done really well. So like I was on here talking about Luna not long ago.

Luna's up 100%. So it's like, you know, that doubled while other stuff went down 30%. So it's okay, you know, we do all right.

But Sean, where's your psychology at? Because I feel like, you know, everyone knows the strategy. Like, yeah, buy low, sell high.

But when this actually happens, when all your stocks or all your investments go down, it's like so hard to actually maintain that psychology and be like, oh, yeah, I'm totally going to put more money in the market. So are you like, is your conviction still as strong as it used to be? Are you like, yeah, this is like awesome.

I'm going to buy the dip. Or are you struggling? Quick interruption.

Do me a favor, scroll down and you're going to see a link to The Hustle. So if you want to stay up to date on the tech and business news, you need to know. Check out The Hustle.

It's a daily email. I used to help write it. I love it.

So check it out. Scroll down below. Let me guess.

Don't talk, Sean. Don't talk yet. I have a feeling that this means nothing to you and you're totally cool about this.

It's actually even better. I don't even look. I don't look at it because I'm like, oh, why would I look?

It's just going to be down. So I just don't look, which means I don't think about it, which is actually like the correct way I should have been doing it all together. Like waking up and seeing green put a nice little pep in my step, but was sort of this like false positive.

And now I just don't look because I'm like, oh, yeah, of course, I'm down 5% again today. Like what? I just lose 5% every day or 2% every day.

That's just like an average day now. So I just don't even look at it. And because I'm not looking at it, it doesn't matter because I wasn't selling.

I wasn't selling when it was going up. I'm not selling when it's going down. So it doesn't really matter the day-to-day fluctuations of it.

So now it's just I just get some time back because I don't like want to go look at it because I don't want to see any carnage. So I'll just like kind of ignore it and just go about my day. And, you know, I kind of ask, I'll pause, I'll ask myself, you know, has anything changed?

Meaning do I view these investments differently now? Do I no longer believe that these are good investments to be in over like a 5 to 10 year period? No?

Okay. So then, you know, what am I thinking about? There's nothing to think about essentially at this time.

Do I buy the dip? That's one where, you know, sometimes I do like to just chill. I just like sit on the sideline for a bit because I'm a pretty like, I've spent a lot of time in my life gambling.

Like I literally played a lot of poker, a lot, like I've spent so many days in a casino. And so I know the feeling of chasing a loss, trying to win it back. And so I just like to make sure that I'm not doing that.

So there's a difference between buying the dip and chasing a loss and, you know, throwing good money in after bad. And so just trying to differentiate between the two. Like am I on tilt or do I actually believe that, you know, this is a good entry point and, you know, whatever else.

So I would say the one thing this does do is it heightens my focus on earning money. Because like, oh, I need to like earn money. I can't just rely on my investments, you know, completely.

So like, what do you know? I got off my ass. I taught my course and I like submit my invoice for the podcast.

And I like, I do things that are like will bring cash in because otherwise, you know, it's easy to get lazy when everything's just going up so much. Right. There's many days where you could just look at your portfolio and just be like, wow, that was a whole year's worth of salary just today.

Swing, like swing up. So that kind of makes you kind of lazy to like do the work that day in a way. Right.

Because it's like, oh, well this, if this just could earn that much money, just doing nothing every day, like why do I need to go hustle for that? You know, that next dollar. I feel like a lot of people are feeling that way.

They're like, oh, right. I have to work. Like this doesn't last forever.

Very healthy. Very healthy position to be in.