Yo people we're back Hustle Hot Takes episode 3 you see here proper audio this time and we've got a new team member Alex who will be making these videos way better than when me the total amateur were editing them. Okay so this week on Hustle Hot Takes we'll be talking about tech antitrust. Of course all over the news is that the US government will be grilling the CEOs of Apple, Amazon, Google and Facebook.

The Four Horsemen, Tim Cook, Jeff Bezos, Sundar Pichai and Zuckmaster Flex and the topic will be antitrust and I want to give these captains of industry some advice on how to handle this situation. Now to get that advice I went all the way back to 1998 and found video footage of William Henry Gates aka Bill Gates getting grilled by David Boyce a famed lawyer who actually represented Al Gore during the Gore vs Bush presidential Supreme Court case. There's over 10 hours of deposition video on YouTube it is incredible and I went through all of it to the dismay of my family but with that I found some gold and have five tips here on how to handle government antitrust.

So the first thing that you need to establish is that you're a cool cat you're not gonna let government pressure and the threat of breaking up a hundred billion dollar company scare you so what you see here with William Henry Gates aka Bill Gates is that he's got this pose going on here this is the I'm one of the two or three richest people in the world pose now I can tell you right now by doing this I already feel richer I feel the power surging through me so as we watch this clip watch how calm and collected Bill Gates is. Increasing IE share on Mac. Genius.

It's tip number one. Now tip number two is you need to stall. You don't want them getting to the hard-hitting questions and one way to do that one surefire way is you make them define every single word along the way of their prosecution all the questions they have.

Now you'll see here that Mr. Gates asked David Boyce the lawyer to define the word definition. This is textbook stalling and frankly quite genius and perfectly executed.

Okay so if you define definition for this conversation in a loose way. Genius. Then I'll understand what you mean.

Define definition. So tip number three is related to the first tip you know body language 90% of communication. You need to be calm collected and cool.

Now one way you do that obviously is just to be laughing and kind of light-hearted. Now watch here as Mr. Gates just lets out a very good twirl and kind of primal laugh.

He's setting the stage and he's telling the lawyer David Boyce and the U.S. government I'm cool. I'm cool.

Okay you can't make me uncool. I'm gonna laugh and have a good time. So let's watch this.

Oh my gosh did you. So he just like he let it build up and we need to re-watch that. He let it build up.

Watch this. All right so tip number four. There's the other coin of the laughing and smiling.

Sometimes you know you just want to show complete disdain and that you don't really care and you got better things to do. And quite frankly if I was the richest person in the world I'd probably have better things to do than be sitting in this uncomfortable looking chair getting roasted by David Boyce. One of the greatest prosecutorial attorneys of the 20th century right.

I got better things to do. So how you do that? How do you communicate that idea?

Bill Gates does it with a rock. Okay so the last tip here goes back to the idea of stalling. And what you want to do and what Bill Gates demonstrates here is that you never want the questions to move forward.

It's always about staying stuck in place or going backwards. Now watch here as Mr. Gates tries to get David Boyce to ask him the previous question backwards.

Key here backwards. Yeah it's sort of different. Okay then let me ask the question so the record is clear of what you're answering.

You don't want to let me answer the last one? Oh if that's what you're going to answer. Let's read the question.

Okay there you go. Captains of Industry, Mr. Cook, Mr.

Bezos, Mr. Zuckmaster Flex, Mr. Pichai.

Use these tools. They're at your disposal. And if you the watcher learned anything or enjoyed that, please subscribe, leave some comments below, and drop a like.

Thank you very much. Okay. Bye.