Is this shit a good idea, investing in these young-ass kids? I think it's so. How's Dormant Fund's been around for a while?

Dormant Fund's been a fucking horrible idea. Dormant Fund's doing really well. The experiment ran.

What happened? Yeah, the experiment ran, and it was a pretty successful experiment. What came out of it?

What was a... I mean, there have been some... Listen, there have been some pretty big hits, and there have been some pretty big misses.

You know, I think about a big hit, like, Fiscal Note's done pretty well at a Dormant Fund. Bevy, the beverage company, has done pretty well at a Dormant Fund. Brooklinen.

Wait, those guys were... Yeah, student founders. Yeah, Brooklinen, the Lennons company.

And I'm sure, I'm going to get probably railed on Twitter after for not having come up with the whole portfolio, but I'm sure there are more that I can't think of. And on the misses side, you have, like, Lily AI, which is the other... If you guys remember Lily Drones?

Yeah. Yeah, they, like, raised... A million million.

Yeah, they raised, like, I don't know, like, 30 million? I can't remember the exact number. They raised a bunch, then kind of flamed out.

And that's the counterside, too, is you can have people who... I remember it when I was one, who are inexperienced founders who don't know how to manage their cash table. What's the one out of Berkeley?

There's another... There's a Berkeley-specific fund. Oh, the House.

Yeah, the House Fund. Jeremy's great. And then the Peter Thiel thing.

Dude, I'm down. Like, if you're, like, old enough to be an adult and start something, I also think that you should just be getting drunk and, like, hooking up with people and... Yeah.

Get drunk and kissing people. Yeah. That's our fellowship.

The Sam and Sean fellowship. I mean, live a little. Yeah.

Live and kiss him. But at least that's what the dream was. The goal, I don't know if there was a lot of people...

How often did that work out? Give it up, go keto, and start intermittent fasting after that. Yeah.

That's the, like, point of at 5 a.m. Yeah. Like, a little bit later, but stay up until 5 a.m.

Yeah, stay up and then just roll into the next one. I mean, listen, there's, like, an important socialization element of college, which helps you learn emotional maturity and learn how to deal with people. And it's tough if you don't have that.

I don't know when you make it up. Certainly don't make it up by moving straight out here and working really hard early. Of course, you don't make friends.

Right. You don't make friends after you graduate. Your friends are who you met in college, and then the rest are just, you just go to work and then you go home and you're like, wait, where do people make friends after that?

There's no more friends. I'm like Uncle Rico. Like, I think of college, I'm like, oh, I would kill to go back.

Yeah. Give it all up. Yeah.

For sure. Like, the shot who produces the podcast, he's always like, oh, well, you know, he's like 20, 21. He's like, well, you have, you know, experience.

You have capital. You have this network. You have, I'm like, dude, I would give all of it up just to be right back where you are in your position right now.

Like, I'll trade you if we can do some really Friday thing. Totally agree. I completely agree.

We, remember that young guy? Oh, you were there. We met a young guy at our meetup and he was, like, 21 and he flew up.

I'm like. Wow. So, like, if I was 18 and I lived and I went to NYU, I would be not being in the dorm.

I would only do the dorm room fun if it helped me meet girls. I mean, if you're in Soho and you're 18, that's the dream. NYU was a really fun college to go to and certainly had a really fun time there.

But here's the flip side of it, right? Like, I see the other side of this, which is it does feel today like there are compounding effects both reputationally and professionally. So working and exposing yourself to, like, some kind of real tangible ownership of work really early.

And the earlier you can do that, whether it's, like, a startup or working for a large company in a significant role or building some reputation, even if it's just tweeting dumb jokes on Twitter, like, that compounds over time. And if you wait five years, you can both have fun and build compounding professional returns at the same time. It's sort of the argument I would make here, right?

You can do both those things. Yeah. For sure.

For sure. Yeah. By the way, it's not as fun as just doing the fun.

It's not as successful as just doing the success. But a lot of folks try to walk that side. But you'll end up way ahead of the curve.

Yeah, that's the hope. Because most people are just having fun and not doing anything that, like, builds their sort of, like, career foundation, ironically, when you're in college. Yeah.

Okay, so you do all this stuff. And by the way, when you said emergence, you really emphasized the C at the end of it. Is it because people think it's emergent capital?

So I think people, there's a couple things. One is people think it's emergence capital. People think it's, like, emerge capital.

I've heard, like, five or six different issues with the name. The other thing is our website is emcap.com. When I first joined, I'd say, oh, it's MCAP.

And people were like, oh, the letter M and then the, you know, CAP. I probably had. You need to rebrand.

Not up to me. But I probably had, like, six months of emails that I didn't get. Because people were like, oh, this jerk gave me, like, a wrong email address at that party.

Because he was saying, I was screaming MCAP on the top of my lungs. People were like, oh, yeah, like, Zach, MCAP. M-C-A-P.

Right. So if it were up to me, it'd be a different URL. Thanks.

Bye. Bye. Bye.гиak Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye.