A little trick to make money. I don't think it's the easiest way, but this is a small trick. Find a business, and you can buy these businesses for cheap.

Find a business that's engineering-led. So someone who made the software, built it, okay? And you can buy these companies for as cheap as $10,000, or all the way to a billion, I mean it doesn't matter.

But you can find, there's all these, Quiet Life Brokerage, who sponsored this, is one of them. You can find these widgets or whatever. You can buy them for one times revenue.

And if it's too expensive for you, you can put a small business loan, you can put only 10% down, so you can buy a $100,000 business that makes the debt for 10 grand. And if it's engineering-led, the likelihood that the pricing is wrong is high. So you literally just need to buy a product, okay?

And just change the number on- Command F, find the price. Yeah, like Command F dollar sign. Just react.

Find the price, okay? Yeah. And put a zero.

So if it's like $1 a month, you make it $10 a month. If it's $10 a month, make it $100 a month. If that's all you did, people will bitch and complain to you, customers might bitch and complain to you, the numbers will likely stay the same except for the revenue will change.

Yeah. That is like, most people are shocked by that. No, it is always surprising the price elasticity of most customers.

Like, if you have a good product, not even a great product, a good one, an average product, a good one, an average people will pay so much more than you think. But engineers in particular are always guilty of us. 100%.

And by the way, that's the same thing too. If you are even a decent marketer buying one of these businesses, it's a huge opportunity for you. The thing is, A, you can just jack up prices, you're so aptly pointed out.

And B, if you can even get like 1% more efficient at acquiring customers, between that and higher prices, you basically built yourself a substantial flywheel that can really be a multi-million dollar.