So Airbnb, some interesting things are going on. So Airbnb, you know very well, is an awesome company, one of the sort of most successful startups of the last decade or so, and was about to go public this year and was preparing for it. And now with coronavirus, you know, travel has stopped, hospitality, you know, hotels, casinos, they're all taking a total beating.

And Airbnb, of course, is going to get caught up in the crossfire as well. And so a couple of interesting things here. So Airbnb financially, you know, their revenue must have dropped by 50, 60, 70, 80%, essentially overnight, and with an indefinite time span, we don't know how long this is going to last.

The second thing is, Airbnb, not only does it have a huge, you know, staff on payroll, and now revenue drops, but all the hosts were essentially small, small, small entrepreneurs. So some people did, you know, a traditional thing, they just rented out an extra bedroom in their house. But a lot of people, once they got a taste of that money, they started buying places, renting out places, and subleasing and basically putting it on Airbnb.

And so all those people now, there's this thing that was a moneymaker for a couple years has gone to zero. And so I think there's something very interesting that's going to happen where what happens to all these hosts who got places just to Airbnb them. And now the Airbnb income has sort of totally dried up.

Are they going to default on their mortgages? Are they going to default on the rent payments if they're if they're subleasing? Or are they going to turn into just normal rentals?

Like, I don't know what's going to happen. But what do you think about all this? So you already know what's going on in Zillow.

You're the one who told me, right? Well, I did see some charts. Yeah.

So I saw some charts that basically showed on Zillow, normal housing, so just normal rentals, not a short term Airbnb stay, but just here's an apartment for lease for six months is exploding. So like, it looks like the coronavirus is like, here's last month, one little blue dot. This month, 15 blue dots on the map, right?

It's like, the number of listings is exploding for rentals, which is also bad for Airbnb, because in places like San Francisco, where there's a housing shortage, and for years, Airbnb has been saying, oh, we don't contribute to the housing shortage. We are, we're a different thing altogether. Well, now it's actually kind of a whether it's whether it's truly the proof or not, I don't know.

But it certainly does look like if you're somebody who was anti Airbnb, you have a lot of evidence, a lot of ammunition now to say, hey, look, when we turned Airbnb off, look at how much more housing supply came on the market. Look how that lowers rents for everybody. Well, you know what Airbnb is doing now, though, is long term rentals.

They've been getting into that for a while where you could rent something for many months, maybe many years. And that part is growing still, or it's growing a lot right now. Right.

And so I'm curious whether people in cities who are anti Airbnb are going to take this and run with it. And yes, the answer is yes. Very sensitive to legislation, right?

They changed some rules here in San Francisco, where it's like, you can only do 90 days out of the year and you have to live in the place, you have to prove that blah, blah, blah. And that, you know, it eliminated like 30 or 40% of the listings overnight when that legislation happened a year or two ago. So now I wonder if it's gonna get worse.

Sonder, you know, Sonder, I'm Googling them right now. You know them? No.

Oh, that's the like, it's the hotel or explain Sonder. It's basically if you are traveling for work, and you want to go stay somewhere, you'll stay at a Sonder often. Um, let's see, I'll go to Sonder.com.

It's also if you want to stay somewhere for like three months, like let's say you're going somewhere for three months, and you want to and you have to make a lot of money in order to do this. It's high end shit. Like in San Francisco, it's like five or six grand a month, right?

Need a place to stay or work? We know it's time here. The best Yeah, the best parts of home and hotel.

So it's like, it's like a an apartment that you can rent for two months, right? So the corporate housing, but done well, yes, but they just laid off 20% of their company. It looks like.

Oh, wow. Yeah. Today.

Yeah, Frankie news. So I think this is going to be very interesting how these different companies get affected. You know, I'm rooting for Airbnb.

I think it's a great product. I think it's a great company. I hope that they have, you know, a war chest of cash that lets them endure this time.

But, you know, we'll see. It's a keeping an eye on this. If you could invest a little bit of what you can, you can go and buy secondary shares.

If you're going to invest money at Airbnb's previous valuation, I think they raised money on a $30 billion valuation. Would you invest in that right now? Well, I'd need to know more, right?

I need to know about the how the company's financials look. And let's say that revenue drops. Let's say revenue drops 70%.

For this quarter. I'm not so concerned about the 70% drop because that's that I think is is more temporary. So I just need to know, do they have enough cash in the bank to endure this?

Or I think they have $3 billion. Okay, so $3 billion, you know, they're probably burning several million a month, but like, okay, $3 billion should still last you through this time. And then the other question is, were the fundamentals good to begin with?

So a lot of times these companies don't have great unit economics or fundamentals to begin with. And so when the downturn comes, and people start looking for things that are more stable, more sure bets, these high growth, but poor unit economic companies, they struggle. They were profitable in 2018.

Ah, dude, I love this is like an analyst call. And I think they're also profitable in 2019. This is all public information.

Right. So yeah, so if they're if they're profitable right now, even with this explosive growth, and yeah, it's probably a pretty good bet to pick up a little secondary there. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.