So my name is Chelsea Cooper and I am an SVP at Oscar Health, the insurance company. I'm sure you've seen the ads during OE around New York and I oversee our members strategy and operations there. So I've married a Scot and one of my favorite expressions that they use in the UK is back yourself and it refers to essentially a play that you run when you're when you're playing rugby and you can't quite get the you can't quite pass make a pass and instead what you do is you take it and you run it down the field yourself and try to score.

And if you think about if you think about that there's a lot of meaning packed into that. It's about self-confidence, it's about advocating for yourself, it's about really leaning in and being fearless in everything you do. So we've heard some incredible incredible stories tonight from these women and while I don't know many of them well I've got to imagine that they will have had to really live eat and breathe that phrase those two words back yourself in order to get to where they are today.

So when I was eight years old growing up in a place called Worcester Massachusetts also known as the Woo for folks who are from there. Adam Sandler used to do a little spoof on Worcester. But growing up there I changed schools and and within a couple of weeks of my new school I found myself being I found myself as the new target for the school bully.

Every day when I walked into class I could really count on Andrina to call me names, pick on me all the things that that that bullies do. And when you're that young those interactions that you have I mean it's your whole world. I have two kids now, two babies now, and I see how those interactions that they have at school really impact everything they do.

So so those moments when I was little like really mattered and so every day I'd go home, you know crying and and really quite upset and and hope that the next day I would have the courage to stand up. And this went on and on for a long time for about four years. And one of the things that still haunts me to this day is that at that time I didn't tell my parents, I didn't really, I wasn't comfortable telling my teachers, but more more importantly I didn't I didn't have the courage to really stand up for myself.

Well fast forward a few decades and I started working for a new company, a new job, and we were doing well. I had a new team we were kind of killing it. And and I remember my boss coming to me, a male boss, and you kind of sitting me down and saying you're you're doing well, you're doing really well, and I want you to take on all these other additional responsibilities.

And I remember having kind of that inner sort of stomachache and thinking oh man I don't I don't know that I can do this. And it was so clear in that moment that he really believed in me and I think somebody else kind of shared a similar story, but he believed in me more than I believed in myself. And and so was was really advocating for me even when I didn't I didn't have that yet.

So one of the things that I found myself doing more and more though over kind of middle of my career was was was finding those opportunities to start advocating for others. And I don't know why it is that I found it easier to advocate for others but then advocate for myself. And I think it's something that as women we we do a lot of.

And so I there were all you know there were a number of moments I can think about where I would see talented women and you know one comes to mind in particular where I was working in a new role with a new team and I had someone who was maybe a little less confident a little shyer on the team and in fact she was powering all of the like analytics and dashboards that one of the the men on my team was actually getting credit for. And when I kind of dug in and uncovered it and and realized pretty quickly how talented she was I just kept on putting more and sort of more on her plate. She probably didn't thank me for it at the time but but putting more and more on her plate.

And it was because I just totally believed in her and it was it was kind of that same thing that I had seen from my male boss years before believing in me. And so I would shove her to speak in front of our whole company. I would shove her to go have lunch with our CEO and I would shove her to talk to our leadership.

And and it it really I think you know helped her and ultimately she just crushed it as I knew she would. And and I thought the company was really better off for it. So so I found myself advocating for others but really there was a sort of pivotal moment when I just threw sort of all caution to the wind and and just decided to just kind of go for it.

I was I moved back to London for business school. I had married married a Brit and I was going to London business school and maybe about six months in an old friend from San Francisco got in touch with me and his US based ride hailing app was taking off Uber. And so Travis asked if I would help first year business school if I would help launch Uber in the UK.

I said remember going out to dinners with him over the course of I don't know four or five months trying to introduce him to many other friends that could do this for him and said look I just moved here I've got my life I've just gotten married I'm starting business school sort of no thanks. And and finally at one point sort of towards the end of my first year I ended up you know kind of going out and finally was convinced that I should do this and I just said you know what I've got business school but I've also got this great opportunity I don't know how I'm gonna do it but I'm just gonna do it and I'm gonna do both. And so over that summer between my first and second year I launched Uber in the UK and then during my second year of business school was running it while also juggling a sort of full course load.

And it was that moment where I was incredibly like nervous I didn't know if I could do it all of those things that I just said screw it I'm gonna just go for it. And it was one of the best sort of learning experiences I've had and fundamentally changed the way that I think about things. And so I guess from sort of my my if I could leave folks here with one thing it's when you find that that like stomach ache those like inner feelings that are telling you don't do that thing or there's no way I can handle it especially the women out there those are the times that you have to lean in and you have to just jump in both feet and really go for it.

And also if you notice folks around you who again especially women don't have that own their self belief that's when you have to I don't even think it's pull them up I really think it's about shoving them shoving them telling them they gotta they gotta do it they kind of don't have an option. I mean the women on my team know that what they know when I'm I'm just kind of force them to do things but ultimately they come back and they're better off for it. I think I'm better off for it and actually I think our companies that we work for are much better off for it.

So thank you all.