I signed up to Brex and I got three or four hundred, some hundreds of thousands of dollars in like 12 hours. Yeah. Capital right ramp.

Uh, let's ramp something. It's based out of New York. It's Brex, but from New York, right?

Yeah. I'm into it. It launched today.

Okay. So I went, my company, we do let's say eight figures a year in revenue. We have, uh, not, uh, seven figures in cash.

Um, well I have been using one big bank for a long time and to get us to raise our credit card limit from 30,000 to 80,000 was a nightmare. Oh my God. A nightmare.

Yeah. I had to go meet them in person two or three times. I had to show them my personal Sam pars tax returns.

It was stupid. I signed up to Brex and I got three or 400, some hundreds of thousands of dollars in like 12 hours. Yeah.

Awesome. And I told these guys in like, yeah, we can't compete with that. They basically admitted it and I go, okay, well this conversation's over.

Thank you. Uh, so I really liked this new business credit card space and I, I'll explain how I think they're making money, but ramp just launched. And what they're going to do, what they said they're going to do is they're going to analyze all your credit card spending and they'll tell you where repetitive purchases are coming through.

And I actually mentioned this on the podcast, um, three months ago, I was like, I'm telling you that businesses are wasting so much money by buying multiple subscriptions of things. And I think something amazing can be built by helping you save a little bit of money. Right.

That's what this is. Um, that's like a side feature they have. That's not like the main feature is the same like bricks, right?

Like it's like, here's a business credit card. Well, that's how they're, um, differentiating. Brex's advertising says, uh, we will get you better rewards.

Right. And this is, we'll save you money. Yeah.

Yeah. And I think it's cool. And I'm, I'm really bullish on those things.

Um, and I think the way they work is whenever, uh, whenever a customer, when I have my credit card and I go and buy something, the merchant pays a 4% fee. Um, and what Brex does is they go to MasterCard and they go, Hey, you guys are getting 4% fee for all this stuff. Give us a cut of that and we'll create more credit card users.

Right. And, uh, I think that's how they're making money. I'd imagine.

I think so. I don't know. I don't know for certain, but, um,