Last episode, we had your buddy here and he told me about this thing where he had invested in a company that's doing drone window washing. Yes. I thought that was crazy fascinating.

And I went and researched it a bunch. There's another competitor that's raised money. And drones, I don't think are the right words to describe it.

Because when I think of drones, I think of like a quadcopter. These are things that like they look like the normal. So when you're pulling up the scaffolding or when you're pulling up like the what do you call it?

It's like an elevator. Yeah. An elevator up and the guys are standing on it and wiping.

It looks like that. But there's a robot on there that is doing it instead of people. Right.

So it's not flying, you're saying? It's not flying. Why do they call it a drone then?

Because technically it is a robot. Drone means unmanned vehicle, I think. Okay.

So technically they're right. And so another company called Sky, I forget what it's called. They raised 3 million to do this.

And so this morning, what I did and yesterday morning is I went to, I googled Manhattan skyscraper window cleaners. And I found like the top three, four people. And I called them today to talk to them.

And I got, and I was talking to them and they're going to call me back with some more details. But my takeaway from this industry is incredibly segmented. So like- Fragmented.

Like small, like 20 to 10 to $20 million businesses. And there's probably five or 10 of them in New York. Right.

So- It's like the guy, Brian from 1-800-GOT-JUNK, right? This is how the hauling business was. And before he sort of started aggregating all these small, fragmented local players.

And you've always had this thesis, which is you could do the 1-800-GOT-JUNK model for other businesses. Yeah. So I would do it for irrigation, for lawn mowing, for painting, which is already happening, and for landscaping.

Right. And- It sounds like window washing is in that vein. Yeah.

So maybe you don't even need these freaking drones to do it, but that's definitely a cool shtick. So the private equity play is you go, you buy up these businesses. They have a book of business.

They do recurring revenue, probably with the same buildings. And you say, okay, I'm going to buy this $5 million a year business for 8 million or 10 million bucks. Or you do smaller ones.

You buy a bunch of $1 million a year businesses. And then you could bring in this technology to increase the efficiency. So they're getting 50% margin.

You could get 70%. And there's two playbooks to look at if you want to replicate this. The first is dentists.

So PE right now is gobbling up dentists. Dentistry. Dentists.

Dentists. We have friends who are doing this. I think we have like three, like Siva looked into doing it.

And then like two other guys, I think we know. They love it. And so what they do is they find a dentist that does $2 million a year in revenue.

And they buy the company- Dentist. He's like 60, ready to retire in a few years. And they buy it for maybe if it's like a $3 million revenue thing, they probably buy it for like a million dollars.

Yeah. Basically, they'll buy it at like one, I think one to two X EBITDA, which is crazy. Yeah.

So basically the pay back your money in a year or two. Yeah. So they buy it for the dentist's salary.

Right. Times two. And they give him, you know, you still keep this little piece and you keep getting your salary, but you don't have to run this business anymore in the sort of all the administration, marketing, and they centralize it.

So they'll go buy 10 of these dentistry's and then they'll put, they'll be like, okay, we'll have one central office that's doing Facebook ads, driving traffic to all these. We'll bring all your billing stuff into one central place. Cause why do you need four people doing billing?

Cause health insurance is, you know, all complicated. And so they centralize, which makes each one more efficient. And basically the dentist is already playing golf two days or three days a week.

And, uh, they're like, look, here's a, you know, accelerated retirement for you. And the goal here is you just, you kind of become a little bit of a, just a marketing company. Right.

And so, um, we're, well, we missed the punchline though. A couple of these rollups, I think like in Canada, 70% of dentists, you know, numbers wrong, but something like that. A huge percentage of the, of, of all the dentist's office have been rolled up now in Canada.

And a couple of them have been taken public, uh, the rollups for $3 billion. Name them. I don't know the names.

Okay. Well, let's look it up. Uh, yeah.

Cause I'm cause if you want to Google dentistry, roll up Canada goes public. Um, I would do that. And then the other model that you can look at for this is old people, homes, nursing homes, uh, like so many P I mean, this is like, so my wife's dad owns three.

Senior care facilities. Yeah. And so I was looking into this cause I was like, wow, this thing is a cash cow.

And, um, I think it's soul crushing. That's the problem with it. Cause he was like, Hey, you guys want to take this over?

And we were just like, Oh, the money's there. But like, it sucks. I don't want to, this to be like my life.

You know, like I think in general, people want to avoid nursing homes at all costs. And so getting into it earlier than you need to was painful, but he's making money doing it. How much does it make a month?

Um, it depends on the size. So, so basically what the model is you go and you, um, you can buy an existing nursing home. But what he looks for is he says, okay, this is an existing nursing home.

It's got 28 beds, but it's permitted for 42. And so he'll either just buy it. He'll build out the other beds.

And so, and then the other thing is he'll buy things that are motels today. So motel, the room or the bed might rent for like, I don't know, $150 a night. And so that becomes, let's call it four grand, you know, ish a month.

And what he does is for, for senior care, you're charging seven grand, eight grand here in California for each bed. And you can put two beds in a room and then you could do memory care, special, you know, dementia ward on the bottom. And that's like 12 grand.

And so. So you just put all the bullshit upsells into it. The problem is, is that your upsell is a dementia ward.

You know? So it's like, all right, clearly a lot of money can be made. You are definitely providing valuable service to people.

Yeah. You're not scamming people. You're not scamming people.

But it is a, it's a, it's a saddening business to be in. Yeah. And so for these, so, uh, we're, we're getting off track, but let's go.

So, so my father-in-law owns a moving company in New York and it's a medium, middle, medium sized business. And it's done the same amount of, like, let's say, let's just say some number between 10 and 30 million in sales every single year and real profitable. I go, well, how do you make this bigger?

He goes, I'd have to buy everyone out and I don't feel like doing it. I got a good life. And so I would, you could do that for these window things.

And if I was one of these, uh, drone window companies, I would look into that's what you would do. Yeah. music music music music