This is the video to the ambassadors. We decided that emails are pretty cool, but videos take less time and you guys seemed to like it last time. I think the last video had like eight comments on it.

Most people were commenting on the fact the video was vertical and not horizontal, but a comment to comments. Okay, so today I posted, or last week I posted in the ambassador group about Casey Neistat. I had never heard of them up until recently.

He has this thing called like mail time where they talk about packages that they got. And we get a lot of packages, probably two or three a day. Some that we order, some that are gifts.

But I want to talk about a gift that we got yesterday, I think. So I got it. Because I was talking to this company called London James.

So the back story is that I wanted to buy a fancy watch because my parents have a Rolex that they bought when they were my age and they've had it forever. And so I thought it'd be cool to also buy that. And so I found this service called Eleven James.

Eleven James dot com where you pay between $200 and $1,000 a month depending on how fancy of a watch you want. And they send you a watch a month. And I got my first one yesterday and we didn't have to pay for it.

But normally it would be about $200 bucks. Maybe $150. I don't know.

But we got this package. So it came in kind of a weak box. But I guess it makes sense because they're shipping like a $50,000 watch and you don't want like it to be branded.

So it kind of is a pretty lame looking package. And then it came with a pair of socks, which was pretty cool. Ace and Everett.

We had already written about them in the past. And then a card that said when we owe the watch back. This one is owed back on Eleven 2.

Interesting. I didn't know how we had it for that long. And then some more shit from Ace and Everett.

And here's the box that came in. Not the prettiest box. No.

None at all. And then inside the box was like this with this package in there. So here it is.

And so there's your packaging. Kind of whack I think. Not that good.

And here's the watch. Unfortunately, and this is not their fault, I gave them the wrong wrist size. So this doesn't fit me.

Draw that. But it might fit Jackie. So let's here.

I'll take the camera and you can put the watch on. Let's see what it looks like. Do you even know how to open it?

I need your assistance. What? So you have it on the wrong way.

So what's this what's this called? This watch? Can we tell?

Well, they don't list it on the box, so. So what do we think? Do you feel fancier?

Oh, fancy. Ah. It's really heavy, right?

Yeah, it is really heavy. So let's see it back. And let's, we'll let people know if we think that this watch is good.

or not. I am able to put it around my wrist without clasping it. So I could feel the weight.

And in my opinion, like, this is so inconvenient. It's probably, I wonder how much this weighs. Maybe a whole pound.

It is pretty heavy. Maybe an entire pound. It's definitely hard to type and probably really do anything with it.

So it's a, I think that type of watch, you would only know it's fancy if you're into that brand. It's not like a, you know, everyone knows Rolex. So you see that name and you automatically think that's fancy.

That brand, I'm not a watch guy. So I had never even heard of it, but a lot of watch people have heard of it. But it's so heavy.

It is heavy. Like you would never. Did it fit your wrist?

No. It was a little, a little tight. It's a lot of circulation.

My wrist is, we both have small wrists. What happens, the way it typically works is they like, you print out this like strip of paper and then you wrap the paper around your wrist. It's like a tape measure and you know what size it is.

I actually, when the woman reached out to me, I just like told her it was like seven inches was my wrist. I thought that was right because I didn't measure it correctly. So this is totally not their fault.

And they're sending me more links for it so it fits. But even if they do send more links, this is so not convenient to type in. And it looks pretty cool, but I don't know if the coolness is worth it.

What do you think? I mean, you know, the swag factor is pretty high. On this though?

You know, but. It's not like gold, it's silver. That's true.

It's silver. It's hard to miss it though on your wrist. Yeah.

But functionality wise, I don't think it's going to be doing you many favors. So overall though, I actually am pumped with the service. I don't like this watch, but I've seen celebrities wear it and I would have been tempted to, if I wanted to spend money to buy it.

So I'm pumped that I got to try it out. So I think the service is awesome. And interestingly, the best thing about the service is the business model, which I don't know that you said they set up, you said otherwise.

But what John was saying was that he thinks that the, this company gives the watches to 11 James and 11 James sends it out and profits from that. And they don't actually have to pay for the watch because they're doing like PR. That's interesting.

And so now like, if someone is signed up to the service and they get like three or four different watches that they normally would never have bought. Maybe they'll try it on, they'll really like it and they'll, they'll be able to, they'll buy it or they'll tell other people about it. So it's pretty sweet business model.

Yeah. We also saw that they had a program where if you have a really expensive watch and you're willing to rent it out to other people, if you do that, they're willing to discount, give you a discount on the watches that you have. Really?

Yeah. Interesting. So if you have several watches, you could probably just rent a bunch of their watches for free if you're willing to let others use yours.

That's interesting. That's pretty sweet. But overall, happy with the service, not happy with this watch.

Still not convinced that having a fancy watch is worth it other than in my case, in many people's case, the like owning something that like that's vintage or that your family owns. You know, like sentimental value that, that could definitely be worth it. But in terms of practicality, as of now, I do not, I don't, I don't see it, but I still might buy one.

We'll see. I mean, it's pretty baller. Like it's definitely baller, but I don't know if it's worth it yet.

Time will tell. Yeah. Good pun.

Okay. Okay. We'll keep this one short.

What do we have? Five minutes? Seven to five.

Seven to five. Okay. We'll keep this short.

Let us know in the comments what you think of these types of videos. Maybe we'll keep doing them and we'll show you more interesting stuff. But this is what we were doing today.

We were reviewing Eleven James and the service that we got sent to us. Thanks ambassadors. Peace.