Okay, so so you don't have to lose if in this case you are not successful in you know the board Does not accept your offer you've said you won't go higher. Is there a plan B? There is All right, we're live breaking edition Sean just texted us and said we got to do this Elon thing It sounds like you've got a lot of opinion or you have a lot of opinions I got some opinions.

I got some opinions for sure. Uh first, let's summarize What happened and then tell me how you I guess like how you initially heard about it and how you reacted to it when you first heard So let's start from like All right, so the weeks and months and years ago Elon has always criticized Twitter saying how he loves it and I actually think he's one of the top 10 most followed accounts In the world and of the top 10 He's one of the few that is actually actively posting as a normal person would And he's criticized Twitter for doing some uh for banning free speech things like that for basically being too liberal He didn't ever say that word, but that's kind of what he's getting at right and about 10 days ago or a week ago. He bought nine percent of the company and Then he said announced that he was going to join the board of directors And the weekend after he announced that he was joining the board of directors He started posting things like let's turn twitter's hq into a homeless shelter I actually lived next door to twitter's uh Headquarters in uh at ninth and market year a couple years ago And it's basically like no one's there because the pandemic shut down that area of the city and it's full of homeless people And he said let's shut down twitter hq and turn it into a homeless shelter He tweeted because nobody's going to work anyways Yeah, because no one's going to work anyways employees don't go anyways So he took it.

It was two jabs that he took and then also he said uh, should we create an edit button? Yes or no, and he tweeted basically three or four things like that then on sunday or sorry, uh last on sunday night He was supposed to join the board on monday. He said i'm not joining the board And to a couple people or people who are a little bit in the know of this kind of granular stuff They said well the reason he's not joining the board is when you join the board of a company like this You can't own more than 14 percent And so by not joining the board he can now buy the whole thing and that happened on monday.

It's thursday Uh morning first they were playing patty cake with each other He's like, you know the news comes out Then it's like the ceo of twitter parag is like hey, um So happy to have elon musk on our board. He's the best um, jack dorsey says so glad to have elon on our board Elon says so glad to be on the board jack, you know, they're all playing patty cake and then one day later Or two days later something like that it becomes He's actually not joining the board. He basically goes hostile And now at 6 a.m 7 a.m.

This morning it was announced that he was going to buy twitter Uh right away when he bought nine percent of the company. I think the stock jumped 10 the day he did it but Uh, its current valuation was like 43 billion and I think he offered to buy it at 53 building billion give or take I forget the exact amount But it was a nice premium not a huge premium, but a nice premium And here we are now waiting for what's going to happen next And by the way, I think jack dorsey I do actually think he was somewhat genuine I think the ceo of twitter was not genuine that guy doesn't even tweet like he's not even a user Like have you ever read his tweets like he just tweets like screenshots of pdfs He follows me. That's all I know and so he's good in my books You're the man you have an excellent taste in who you follow Well, that's he might be the man, but he's not like a power user of twitter Like he's like I think I know how to use twitter better than he does.

You know what I mean? Yeah, for sure you do He tweeted on january 20th then february 16th then march 3rd Uh, you know before that november 30th. So you know this guy's tweeting bi-monthly Yeah, so Like whereas elon actually Gets it.

Yeah So anyway, that's where we are now. What's your take? So I think there's a couple different things first.

I want to just say Baller move I've baller move i've been on the record of saying I think elon can be kind of cringy with stuff. He says in public. I think he's an amazing inventor.

I think he's a He's a amazing uh, you know visionary And you know a force of nature for sure, but I think he's kind of cringy in the way he kind of Uh for somebody who's like, you know trying to be kind of like an engineer's engineer Uh, he sure does do a lot of stuff to like make himself seem cool And like try to be cool and it just comes across try hardy to me, but this was not that not just the move I'm gonna read you the have you read the letter? Yes, I have it up The letter is Badass so badass He he created an offer dude, that's so funny that we both like Gorg gravity. I was good.

That's exactly what I was gonna bring up was the writing It is the writing is amazing. I'm just gonna read it word for word. So he goes yeah Uh, so he this is part of his like sec filing He goes I invested in twitter as I believe its potential to be the the platform for free speech around the globe And I believe free speech is a societal imperative for a functioning democracy However, since making my investment, I now realize the company will neither thrive nor serve this societal imperative in its current form Twitter needs to be transformed as a private company As a result, i'm willing to buy 100 of twitter at 52 40 uh 54 20 per share In cash a 54 premium over the day.

I began investing 38 uh, Over what I you know the day it was announced My offer is my best and final offer if it is not accepted. I will not re I would need to reconsider my position as a shareholder Twitter has extraordinary potential period I will unlock it So that was the start and then there's one final thing he goes best and final And he just bullet points a this is this is the goal. This is really cool This is where he to put his nuts on the table He goes I am not playing the back and forth game b.

I have moved straight to the end I am not playing the back and forth game and moved straight to the end It is a high price and your shareholders will love it. That's the best line your shareholders will love it Yeah, if the deal does not work given I have I do do not have confidence in management Parag sad parag face Nor do I believe I can drive the necessary change in the public market I will need to reconsider my position as a shareholder This is not a which It is he says it's not a threat It is entirely a it's a it's a threat Yeah, biggest biggest threat i've ever seen It's like saying this is not a threat is like saying like i'm not trying to be racist But or like It's like dude what you're about to say is gonna be racist, right? Don't take this the wrong way Yeah, you're gonna be you're about to be really freaking rude about to get offended Um, he says this is not a threat.

It is simply a good not a good investment without changes that need to be made And those changes won't happen without taking the company private but just the Best line of all these is I have moved straight to the end. That's my new shit, dude. I have moved straight to the end That is my new Shit sean's new shit is I have moved straight to the end I'm, just gonna be using that left and right negotiations Uh, the tomorrow's milk road is gonna start with I have moved straight to the end Uh, you know when I talked to my wife tonight and she was a you know cuddle and kid No, I have moved straight to the end If I go if I go in line somewhere i'm gonna stand at the end of the line I'm gonna say I have moved straight to the end that is my new shit.

What a line It's good man. How about the fact that he's so This was basically when he says send via text Is that literally does he mean that this is an email that was sent in text format? And then there's voice format or is he saying this was a text message you think?

Yeah, I don't know what that part was. It's like It's like the the file that there's like a screenshot of it and says like oh, it's almost like he's like hey siri Send this to the sec send this to jack in my address book. It's like which jack do you mean?

Yeah, I don't know what that part was It sounded like that part was I think he sent a message either to jack or brett taylor the the chairman or whatever And said taylor the uh guy from salesforce. Yeah, brett taylor. Yeah.

Oh, dude I think he's the chairman of the board um Gosh And so I think he sent it. I think he sent it to him I think it was to him and it was saying Uh, here's my offer letter. This will be public tomorrow So I think you know, it was giving a heads up to whoever I do not think this is gonna go through What and why do you think that?

I think that I okay, so uh, there's this app called blind. It's very inside baseball app like typically only uh You basically have to have an email at a large prominent tech company to use it So I don't even have I mean, maybe hubspot has the ability to use it, but um It's like all the time at twitch It's awesome. So like amazon apple People talking shit whining Gossiping But you do it anonymously and they you have to be an employee at the company to be on there So, you know, these are not just randos and they'll like it's they they basically will complain about stuff that They should be made fun of like I only make four hundred fifty thousand dollars a year How is that how am I able to survive in sf or what is everyone making right now?

My salary is blank poster salary below whatever and And I got some screenshots from the twitter blind and the people who use blind I do think are not the representative of the normal employees But they basically said that uh, like 50 50 thought it was a good idea and 50 thought it was a bad idea um, so But the reason I don't think it's going to go through is I do think that management and a large vocal Subset of the twitter employees are going to throw a fit enough that it would make this hard to go through But it's not the employees who get to decide I mean, what do you mean? Well, I said the management I think management could could could cause such a I don't know what they could do This is it's it's a I think this is like if I don't know the exact mechanics of these takeovers So, you know, there's people much smarter than me about this stuff But this is something that basically the the board has to decide and it's like a share the shareholders if i'm a twitter shareholder the stock hasn't like Stocks have been basically a poor performer for like a decade. I used to own this like 10 years ago and um You know the stock prices, you know, it has not been like this up into the right curve And you're getting a whatever what is a premium versus today?

So today's price is it's now 45. He offered 54. So That's what I like a 20 something percent premium.

Don't do public math, but um, yeah, but you know, would you take that premium? And and also what he's I think one thing he said was he would try to retain as many private shareholders as possible meaning You wouldn't have to sell to be in favor of the vote of of this going through you could like, you know Keep your shares or whatever. I think that um, I just think that there's like some like i've read enough like finance books That there's all these crazy things like the poison pill, which frankly, I don't even understand a lot of this There's all these like weird like, you know art of war type of things that you can do I think I don't think it's as easy as well.

I'm the top bidder. I think there's all these weird things But anyway, the thing here's the thing about twitter. Do you know what?

Uh, all right? So twitter's market cap as of today, it's 34 billion of course We're like at a a nice pullback right now for tech. So it's probably 30 higher a year ago, but whatever uh, right now it's um 34 billion, you know, what snapchat is Uh 50 about 55 And here's the thing about twitter is I believe they have way more users and it's the center of culture right now Maybe not the center, but it is a center of culture at the moment And their ad platform is dog shit.

It's the worst ad platform all the big dogs So if they could figure this out, they should be worth way more The thing is I don't think elon gives a shit about ads I think he's gonna try and figure out a way how to make money other than ads But twitter's ad platform is really bad So I do think that this company twitter is way undervalued and way under monetized and they they don't ever innovate Although lately they've done some cool stuff Uh, but it's been like, you know 10 years 10 years I think right yeah, and by the way here's here's a couple of takes on the on the situation so um Cuban mark cuban came out and he was like I think uh, he goes I think elon is effing with the sec He goes his filing with the sec allows him to say he wants to take a company private for 54 20, which is like, you know before he used to SEC find him like crazy because he said i'm considering taking tesla private for 420 funding secured And so he got to now do it the official way and just put a five in front of the 420 um He had bought the shares a couple months ago This is gonna this this news of him buying and now of the potential takeover that drives shares up Let's say they don't accept his offer Well, then he's he already said i'm gonna sell my shares if you don't take my offer So he's just gonna make a huge profit off of off of these shares, right? Like he's gonna make uh, you know, like I don't know whatever like he I think he bought the shares for 3 billion Uh, if if he sells it, you know for for, you know, like whatever 20 30 gain He might make up close to a billion dollars off of Just effing with twitter and he gets all the fame remember we were talking about our friend who uh, our friend, uh, alex who? Uh from morning brew who's gonna He was talking about buying puppet golf courses and we were like This is the optimal spot.

You said the announcement you got all the praise. You don't have to actually do it um, like you know the check get the picture with the check and uh, and post it on ig Don't don't actually give yourself all the headache and the work of actually running and owning that business Uh, so elon is at that's perfect spot right now. So that's that's one take on it Um other takes, uh, so you know some people, you know, like crypto twitter basically so there's this Do you follow this account punk 6529?

No, I I think I know who he is. I'm actually gonna click file now. What is it punk what so punk 6529?

So this guy's one of the like best twitter accounts to follow he's sort of like Post these kind of like thought leader things about crypto Yeah, I know this guy. He's great He's great. He's I think in a very short amount of time like a couple months he's built, you know He's got 320 000 followers now because he's just had like really good takes on things um Uh on things like this and he said, uh, what did he say he goes He said something like, you know, um He's he's basically like, you know twitter should be a protocol.

It's a short messaging protocol And it doesn't need to be owned by a single company nor does it He says if you're excited about elon taking over twitter or upset about elon taking over twitter Well, both of these are the exact same problem Our global short messaging internet protocol should be completely unaffected by who's the ceo of some random company in california In that same spirit, let's talk about you know, what what a future, you know protocol like this could be and I think that's one of the like That's not like what's going to happen here But I think I think it is like no one company owns email for example, right? But but like which is a protocol for sending messages that are long form and but one company does own twitter protocol and because of that, you know You can't just choose like if this was a protocol you could say I want to use the client that has no algorithm I want to use the one that has a really tight algorithm and shows me nothing no No, right-wing stuff you would be able to have way more choice As a consumer and way more companies would be able to innovate and build on top of twitter If it was a protocol not a single company, so kind of his that's something doesn't matter who's in charge I don't even think that's logistically possible at this point though, or is it? Not really for twitter.

It's like almost like it's easier for the next thing. Yeah, right. That's what I'm jack jack dorsey has said He's there's a project called blue sky, which is the idea of like turning twitter into a decentralized protocol But like who knows like how realistic that is and how much of that is just like, you know lip service Um, so we're working on it and like, you know, right check in in five years and see how it goes Let's talk about this angle here, which is actually maybe the most interesting which is a Best troll ever so like this guy's like a child and it's some of it's not funny.

This one is very funny But b I actually think and I think paul graham said something like this this I'm not convinced that this would be good for twitter, but I think definitely there's a for sure possibility That it could be good for twitter, but I think there's a for sure certainty that this is horrible for elon musk Consistently the guy makes decisions that are funny and cool and leave people like shocked that They did that but it's kind of like eating an entire orange including the peel It's really funny and hilarious that you actually did it and we're gonna laugh about it forever But i'm shocked that I do a guy in college who ate an entire orange and entire lemon one time in one sitting including the peel And i'm like that's hilarious that you've done that. I have a story For now forever, but that's gonna suck for you for a while And so that's kind of like what this is like this is going to be bad for elon for a long time This is not going to make his life more fun. This is going to make his life Significantly worse significantly harder So much more pressure.

This is not a smart move for his personal life Well, the the point he's at right now is brilliant because what does this say about elon this says number one? I'm super rich. I could just buy twitter.

How about that? Somebody tweeted out they go elon said Um, I okay, you know, you don't want me on your board. Okay.

I won't have a board seat. I'll have all the board seats Right, so so so that's one piece which is like If you in case you forgot i'm way richer than all of you Um, okay, second thing is why are you doing this elon? Are you just you just want to own it have more power?

Like think about when jeff bezos bought the washington post or whatever. It's like What are these billionaires trying to do they're trying to control us elons is like these tech companies are effing effing it up Which that's already the the way that a lot of people believe is that these tech companies have too much power too much control They're shaping the narrative. They're they're not free speech.

So he came out as I'm doing this for free speech It's like, oh, how are you gonna argue against free speech, right? Like, you know, raise your hand if you're against free speech And so he virtue signaled free speech on top of it Uh, he did it in like a bold and baller way where it's like gonna give him like way more attention and fame and a bunch of reasons Why people will talk about him? And he's gonna make money from it, you know Just by like buying the shares beforehand then creating all this ruckus and then like, you know, being able to sell out If he says oh, well, I didn't get it, you know Um, so so I think and he can kind of be the underdog of like, yeah, you know, they The powers that be wouldn't let me do what I wanted to do.

I was gonna make this shit awesome, but uh, you know, they they wouldn't let me do it They tried to they tried to squash me dude How about the fact that we just did an episode where we recapped the milk road where? uh, you Where peter teal had this like outlandish headline where which it might be true No, I actually don't think it's I think he was joking a little bit where he said warren buffett's a socio And he went to list about all the reasons why warren buffett who called him hold on He called him the sociopathic grandpa in omaha Yes, who but like warren buffett that his stereotype and it's probably actually not true is that he's this nice Old man who's just all shucks. I just happen to do it Whatever and peter teal is this evil guy who causes like old grandpa a sociopath And then you've got elon who does the craziest shit on earth imagine these guys when they're 25 30 years old and they had a little something but maybe not like that much and What type of fun would it have been to be the same room with these fucking shit heads?

Who are who are it's like the perfect combination of like capable enough to pull it off Crazy enough to think it's funny and uh It's just all this perfect combination. I can't imagine being around these guys when they were younger Yeah, exactly ben pull this tweet up. So he's at elon right now as we're talking.

He's at ted And uh, you know who's there? Uh, is our boys and our boys Yeah, and reject so he's at ted right now He was there to talk about whatever spacex tesla whatever dude, but of course that yeah, of course, you know Uh, it's a it's a 30 minute talk about twitter and so ben can you pull this link up in uh in the screen share? We should watch this this is elon must talking about his plan b If the deal doesn't go through for twitter So I haven't watched this video because this just got tweeted out just now So I want to hear I want to live react to whatever he says 30 seconds Do you do while ben's finding that clip pull it up and but while ben's finding that clip do you think so like I don't buy like that nice stuff, but like let's say like I see a car that I like and it's like $50,000 and i'm like, yeah I'm just gonna buy it and i'll figure out how to insure it and i'll figure out where i'm gonna store it after i'm buying it Like it's kind of a big deal because it's like a 50 000 thing, but like it's not gonna kill me Do you think that elon is thinking about it?

Like I would think about like a 50 000 car or is this like um Like how well how thought out do you think this is? Well, let's let's look at this So elon net worth right now is 265 billion dollars. I think yeah, but he can't I don't think that that I don't I don't think that like that's entire I that is true in a sense of a net worth But he definitely has a lot of debt because he's got to sell I mean, it's not like that liquid I would think So even if you we don't know all the details and we don't know how we don't know all of his personal financial situation But let's just take the high level numbers for a second uh, that's I think it you know, like whatever Roughly 20 of his net worth that he would be putting into this so that's a lot You're worth 10 million dollars is you buying a two million dollar asset right the difference is is that you only have eight million if you're worth 10 million left, which is A lot but like you're not gonna go and buy a bunch more two million dollar things with elon.

You still have 70 or 50 or billion Yeah, yeah, you have Whatever like 200 billion to fall back on it. Yeah, whatever it is We have this clip. I want to see what he says I don't know if this is gonna be good because it just happened just now, but then let's play this and I want to hear it But the truth matters to me a lot really like Sort of pathologically it matters to me Okay, so so you don't like to lose if in this case you are not successful in you know, the board Does not accept your offer you've said you won't go higher is there a plan b?

There is I think we I think we would like to hear a little bit about plan b For another time I think another time yeah, all right I That's a nice tease. All right, so um That's great nice Well played well played in that in that case, I don't know the way you could be right like launching his own Um launching his own thing. I think it's probably I don't think I don't think that would that's a good plan b Twitter is is is you know, it's really hard you know, like how many people say they're They're going to create a social media product and how many people try and how many have worked so a lot try Everyone tries when they first start and there's like three right, right tick tock youtube facebook and instagram and You know, I mean there's three Yeah, I I do think it would be very very hard.

This would be much better is to buy the existing asset, but how's trump's things doing? What's it? Do you know what the I mean?

It's like horrible, right? I downloaded it because I was like I got to see what's going on on this thing, but uh, I haven't spent too much time on It was like crashing like crazy like the first day. So yeah, so I social I don't think building it is possible Maybe that's the plan b.

Maybe he's gonna be like a everybody Truth social that's where we're going right because then you get the trump stands and the elon stands together together Together that's a lot of people who are like Devoted followers of those two the problem is they hate each other And also Elon doesn't care about making conservatives happy. He cares about trolling So if you only have your own audience on there, it wouldn't be very fun Right, you know, I mean he he doesn't like getting people cheering He'd like he likes pissing people off or ruffling feathers and the thing about the truth I you know what? I think that's rooted in I think that's rooted in his father lying to him and so elon's dad so listen You went you went there daddy issues It all comes back to daddy issues everything I think not everything I think that most things in life are genetics And then the other half is things that happen to you from ages like zero to four And I that's really I mean someone Before four is young What was he lied to between maybe 10?

How would we even know maybe 10? But I do think like things happen when you're two and three like like it actually impacts you But let's go up to 10 Um, and I think that like he's had a troubled relationship with his dad and his dad just wasn't around and I have a feeling There's a world where his dad was like I promise i'll be at this game I promise i'll do this or like, you know, like, you know, i'm working on this huge business deal It turns out he's like unemployed and he or he doesn't show up to the game I think that there's like something like that that has happened that he's like Obsessive compulsive about the truth. I actually do believe him when he says truth Hmm Hmm what did it wait?

Sorry, what did his dad lie to him about? I'm just made that up. I don't know, but I know that his dad His dad His dad was strong Well, no what his dad wasn't around like his dad left like was uh He left his mom and like he wasn't very present in his life and I think he was kind of Rude to his family and i'm just guessing like there's a world where like he's like a Just one was kind of an asshole and was kind of messing around Uh, and just not doing what he said For sure for sure the things that you value come from your experiences like You know people who value authenticities because they've dealt with inauthenticity people who value You know family is typically because they've had either great experience of the family or Terrible experiences the family they want to rectify it, right?

So you definitely are shaped by that so if he's telling us You know i'm sort of like what I don't even said in that like i'm maniacally or whatever he said like, you know Maniacal about the truth Um, I think I think he said he said obsessive I think I think he says like Or he said something like to its point It's almost a problem that he goes right care about the truth And like, you know, okay some percentage of that is just again virtue signaling, but you know, let's take him at his word for it um You know, let's be clear. What does he think is happening? So, you know, like Um, what is untrue, you know, like there's like free speech cool people are gonna be able to say anything those not those are not necessarily gonna be true, right?

Um, it's just this belief. There's a belief that You know, the answer to bad speech is is more speech not censorship. So, you know, I I get that But i'm not sure really what his ideas are right like if you if you look at the list of ideas, I forgot what um I saw this screenshot of elons, uh elons Twitter Uh ideas, let me see if I could find this real quick.

I don't even I think that like I i'm not well versed in like the political scene of twitter and like I understand why people want free speech Obviously, I know the donald trump example and that's just like an example everyone hangs on I don't know tons of other examples one of them being Uh, this hunter biden story, which I don't even remember what the story was But I know the new york observer which is a conservative paper in new york They said hunter biden. I think it involved prostitutes. I think it involved drug addict being a drug addict things like that They published it twitter suspended them and turns out a year and a half or two years later It was true and new york times wrote a very similar story saying the same things happened They posted it and they weren't banned and I think that there's a handful of examples like that that people are pissed off about but i'm not sure if it's like Rampant other than I mean, but One could argue it is rampant if the most popular if the president can't use twitter Yeah, I think that's probably like the strongest uh The strongest like you know example hold on.

Uh, okay, so i'm just gonna read this out loud real quick. Uh, because All right, here. Let me uh Yeah, let me inside on here's a list of of what elon has tweeted since um um, You know since he kind of announced that he what he was gonna do and before he uh Left the left the board he goes The first one tweet was vote to remove the w from twitter So just titter and his poll options were yes and of course god that's so stupid.

That's that's that's kind of a cringe joke Exactly uh turn proposal number two turn hq into a homeless shelter number three eliminate ad revenue Number four just say that twitter is dying number five Overhaul the blue checkmark policy number six with that He said he was gonna smoke weed at the next board meeting He posted a meme of him smoking weed at joe rogan uh at the next board meeting Uh, the next one and edit bunnin Next idea and they just put this in quotes free speech There was no idea of how or why or what you know like just free speech and the last one was open source twitter algorithm So like you know, so the people were like, you know, elon's gonna save um It's gonna save twitter. It's like well if you If you pay attention to the uh, the ideas that he had Uh, they were not the most earth-shattering ideas between our our titter homeless shelter You know quote unquote free speech, but you know what were these ideas our friend nakita who uh Seems like he knows what he's talking about with some consumer apps was like I you know, maybe I like elon maybe I don't but Running a car company and creating paypal and a solar business is a lot different than like The kind of art that it takes to create a consumer tech product like twitter and I totally agree with that You know, like think about this like when someone's like well We're gonna create this thing that you can only write 140 characters nine out of ten normal people would be like What if that let's make it so I can write as much as I want or let's just make it so anyone can edit it And do all this other stuff and they're like no no, we're gonna Do this weird thing It's kind of like vine like you only have four seconds to make a video four seconds. No one no one can do that It's like no, it's actually and it creates a whole art out of it You know what I mean?

And so I I think twitter will or uh elon could potentially be a little bit too rational and logical to create the magic of uh of twitter So I I have the complete opposite take I think if the guy can land a rocket re-land a rock a rocket on its butt in the middle of the ocean and he can make electric cars that are awesome Pretty sure he could like, you know figure out this social media thing now the problem is he's still doing those other things So it's like fucking albert einstein ain't gonna create youtube. You know what I mean? Like he's not gonna create it.

He doesn't need to create it He's just he's a he's a he's a leader and he's a first principles thinker, you know, like Do who do I have more faith in perag or elon? I have more faith in elon than I do for right? Well, yeah, but that guy ain't running that guy's running it.

He ain't he just making sure there's trains show up on time He's not building the train. Well, that's the problem, right? Like, you know, that's why it's plateaued That's what user growth was like 300 million monthly active users like whatever five years ago And now it's like 340.

It's like it hasn't grown Uh much at all plus, you know other problems of like hate and scams and other stuff So my take is is that this is the ultimate example of social media ruining everything so like Think about in your in my day like, um, I know for me how much time and productivity from like useful Awesome activities. I could be doing Um, just check a twitter about tick tock and whatever, you know, social media is this like distraction time suck It's like damn this guy's trying to make us multi-planetary and like self-driving cars and like get us off of fossil fuels And he's getting distracted by social media. He's just doing it at the biggest scale Like not just using social media.

He's like i'm gonna buy it And then i'm gonna have to fix it And it's like dude. No, no, no Just just do the thing where you help us like go to mars and have self-driving cars that are electric like Those are the useful things solving social media is like just another distraction just done at elon scale If he dies in the next five years, would you be surprised? I would not be surprised I would not be surprised either Do you think that would be the way that that would that's it does this story have to end that way?

Like no, I don't think he's gonna die that I don't think he's gonna die like I would you know Low probability, but I do think that um It would turn him into like the greatest cult hero ever Well, it's kind of like, uh, you know Everyone talks about tupac and i've got tupac in my background here. I love tupac. You know, he died when he was 25 He was only 25 and people talk about this guy being like Yeah, a lot of people don't know that he was 25 biggie was 24.

Okay, and so people are like Oh, they're the best rappers ever and i'm like, well, they didn't really have that long of a career So like jay-z and em and eminem they've done it for like, you know 20 years now So they definitely have and and and but the reason we say he's the best ever is because he died young and it's like all the potential So in some way i'm like that's elon can do the same He should go out on top. Maybe then we'll remember him as being the best I mean would you want to die and be the tupac of newsletters or what? No, I wouldn't want to know but i'm not elon You know, there's two things I know in this world like the you know There's crazy guys in the world like elon and the second thing is i'm not one of them That's what I know is is there's weirdos like him and I ain't it We should end it on that just to reiterate your angle sam you're of the opinion that elon has daddy issues and you hope he dies Is that correct?

um, I to the first point 100% he has daddy daddy issues. Yeah, show me a successful person I'm gonna show you a fucked up dad for sure without a doubt. Okay The second thing do I do I hope he dies 100%?

No, do I think it will be an even better part of the story? Yes Unless he has some like, um, what's the guy's name? Uh, the rich guy who uh created the airplane that uh Leo had a movie howard hughes unless he has some kind of weird howard hughes thing where it becomes even more Uh, or jd salinger where he just disappears and it becomes even more of this like mystery then yeah I'm on board with that But if he just gets old and he just begins like pinging himself and dies i'm like, oh Like you can't he can't go out that way Yeah, yeah, that's actually a better question which was what's the right way for elon to go, you know, like Heart attack nah, just he was overworked and stressed now.

That's that's for that's for the common man Well dying on mars like crashing exactly that's that's a great way He's got to be the guy who goes to mars Dies in the process taking taking man farther than they've ever gone before that's got to be the way he goes Or he just disappears or he just disappears and just like no one knows where he is and he just he's he lives in a A trailer in rural and he has to when he goes out he has to say he's satoshi nakamoto Also, he has to just he's the smartest move he could do right if i'm his pr team i'm like listen elon before you go we need to claim the satoshi thing That's just the cherry on top of your legacy is if you were satoshi and there's no way to disprove it if you're gonna go anyways, so um So that that's the last little little thing he should do on his to-do list on the bucket list before he before he kicks it Dude, this is awesome. All right. That was a not where I thought we would end it with him dying That's a that's a good impromptu episode.

I think ben. What do you think? Loved it.

I loved it. I um I think uh, I think it's bad investment. I buy think elon's having fun if you Had as much money as he had.

Why would you not spend your time just having fun? I think he's having fun I don't think he's having fun. I don't think he's having fun.

I think that He's doing it as an investment. You think this is a strategy. I think that he's kind of playing the role of a court jester where He's laughing on the outside and it appears to be fun and he everyone's laughing with him uh, but also he's crying on the inside I think I do I I do not think that his life is enjoyable in any sense of the word I don't either but I think he's getting enjoyment from this probably Yeah, like it's like a I think it's a but I think it's our version of like When you tweet something funny or I tweet something funny.

I also like he he like giggity like i'm like I'm like quagmire family guy like giggity. That's hilarious But like it doesn't it's not like i'm happy like three days later from that and feel like content Right, right, right. Yeah, you're saying he doesn't come across like a content happy person and it You know said in many interviews the to that extent, you know things like you wouldn't want to be me That's not what you know, a very happy content person says.

Okay, great or I will find death as a relief Right, so those are pretty Strong as it gets you don't have to read between the lines there But to ben's point I do think that he gets off on being you know the class clown The guy who gives the middle finger to the to the to the system, right? He's he's taking a few money and he's saying a few so you know, he's he is enjoying I think The stunt aspect of it and I don't think he's doing it as a economic investment For sure I think he's he's doing it as a combination of maybe 20 stunt Publicity stunt and maybe 80 mission and maybe i'm wrong on those sliders Maybe it's more like 50 50 or you know 80 20 the other way i'm not sure I I think it's 80 mission 20 stunt not an economic investment But I do think it's economic as we say on the on this on this microst million podcast Oh, uh, yeah, we're big on being post economic Late-stage capitalism. That's what we're known for but I do think like you look at jeff bezos who bought washington post I don't know he paid like a billion for washington post I think he paid 200 million dollars 200 million okay 200 million nothing but at the same time he got nothing like washington post Gives you a voice I guess But like you don't even have full editorial control and Like could if you wanted to but he could if you wanted to I think what he got is a little different I think at the time that was seen as like Cool power move like we all know about that.

So it did work in that sense The second thing he got was something many rich guys have Just vanity, you know collectibles items. Oh, yeah, I own this I owned you know this farm. I own this basketball team.

I own I own these things you've heard of Um that there is a sort of rich guy toy toy chest thing I agree. It's like owning a sports team It's like a journalism sports team, but I think like from the functionality standpoint of like actually being able to have a voice like Buying twitter is sort of the same thing, but he's getting the only voice that matters like he's getting the only thing that can actually Drive and change public opinion if you wanted to pull that move How much is like cnn? Hmm good question.

What's the parent company? Well, I think they just merged did they uh Maybe between five and ten billion I would guess Yeah, look up a lot of look a lot of bang for your buck But news corp, which is the one so basically rubert murdoch started fox, which is uh He started this one company that Recently, uh had to separate because it was a monopoly on news And those two companies became news corp, which basically owns fox news and fox news affiliates And then 21st century fox which is like the movies and tv shows and collectively that value is like I think a hundred no no, uh Or 50 13 billion Both of them combined no Maybe I don't have the second one. What's the news corp?

News corp class a is 13 billion That's the least valuable or the less lesser of the two. What's the more valuable one fox 21st century? I think that's what it's called I don't know dude.

I think this is the one Uh fox corporation fox Okay, I don't know if this is the right fox but fox corporation 30 billion Yeah, that's it. That's it. So fit uh 43 total Yeah, yeah, this is the right one and they're way more popular than cnn.

So, uh, yeah, cnn can't be that expensive But who the fuck wants to own cnn? These dudes who want to own washington post and twitter, right? Why not?

Do you know how many people watch cnn uh at any given point like they're real-time viewers? It's like Sometimes as low as tens of thousands of people like it's not it's it's not a significant amount of people that are watching it at any given point There's chicks on twitch doing asmr that have more viewership than cnn like in the middle of the afternoon Yeah, that's what i'm saying like cnn like not really but it's hilarious that I said that I mean There's like cool shit like anderson cooper is pretty cool, but like it's just like fucking dentist Like you listen to it when you're at the dentist like it's not like a pretty good When you're trapped in a chair being tortured Yeah, it's like shooting situations and like going to the dentist are like the only times that i've got like cnn on or when you go Like do you ever go to the do you ever get coffee in the morning in fox or at a mcdonald's? They always have like fox playing in the background.

That's like the only time I like see the news That's hilarious. Did you see the cnn plus like fail failed? Yeah, dude What do you expect you like you can't just like put a plus and then a paywall on like the shit that no one cares about?

And hope they automatically do quartz shut down their paywall today, too It was the same thing. It's like you can't just call quartz pro and expect to get more money because the main quartz already sucks You know what I mean like you're just putting up a bow if you want to pay for it though Yeah, like you can't put a bow on a pile of poo and it automatically isn't a pile of poo But that's basically what a lot of these companies do and it's not the right move Yeah, the plus thing is just like a dead giveaway. It's like that's a tell a plus or pro Um, all right, that was good You