Well, Nick, super excited that you're able to join on the, this is going to be the first episode of Exit Strategy Podcast. I'm super excited that you're here. Just a little bit of background about Nick.

Nick is the co-founder and CEO of Thrive Market. Thrive Market is like a Costco meets Whole Foods online business. He was also an investor in the business that I'd started Native.

I think, you know, you were one of the bedrocks of Native in terms of our investor base. I'd give you a call and tell you about all the problems I had all the time. And you were really calm about that.

And I really appreciate that. You didn't have that many investors, so. I didn't have that many investors, but there were even fewer that I felt like I could trust and give a call to.

And you were certainly one of them. So I always appreciated that. Can you start out and tell everyone a little bit about Thrive Market in the off chance that they don't know about it already?

Yeah. So first, just honored to be here. I'm super excited to get to do something like this.

I'm in my work from home office right now. So it's a convenient time as well. But yeah, honored to be here and excited to be jamming with you in a setting where we're not solving business problems.

We're just getting to punch in the gate. That's right. So Thrive Market is, I mean, you described it well.

I think the easiest way for people that don't know about the business to get it is to think, you know, Costco membership club needs Whole Foods catalog, all delivered online with increasingly, I'd say, a bit of Trader Joe's blended in. So when we launched, we were carrying basically the top 7,000 to 8,000 natural organic products that you find in a health food store. And then through the membership, making them available at 25 to 50% off.

So mission is make healthy living affordable and accessible to anybody, shipping anywhere in the country, fast and free. Now we actually have not only all of those products, but also a lot of our own products. So, you know, fully a third of our sales are on the Thrive Market brand.

So, you know, we started out very much a retailer online. I'd say now we're this strange hybrid beast between a retailer, a brand, and really a community platform online where our members are going to us not just to buy products, but to learn how to use them and to participate in campaigns and initiatives that align around their values and their impact on issues like sustainability. And can you talk a little bit about the history of the brand?

Like, when did you guys start? When did you guys start? You know, what size are you at today?

What's the growth look like? How big is the team? Yeah.

So we, I mean, I can spend hours just answering that question. We started back in 2014. Unlike native, we didn't have a lean, we didn't have a lean capital requirements.

So, you know, we spent the better part of the first year self-funding the business, kind of getting up to the starting line. We tried to raise more capital and we got rejected by 150 plus VCs. So, you know, first of many existential crises in the business, um, and, uh, launched, I guess, October of 2014 is when we finally got live.

Um, and the, uh, the really fortunate thing that happened to us actually ended up being that we were rejected by so many VCs that we raised all of our initial money from health and wellness influencers who turned out to be the best promoters of the business as well. So we had this, you know, probably a hundred plus, uh, kind of, uh, uh, coalition of the willing, uh, that was on our cap table and then also promoting the business and, uh, grew very, very fast pretty much from day one. Um, you know, we have over 700,000 members today.

We're doing hundreds of millions of dollars in sales, um, you know, five years in and still growing, uh, you know, mid double digits per year. And so can you talk about that first year you said that, um, you know, you got rejected by dozens of VCs, uh, it was you and three other co-founders, um, and you were sort of bootstrapping the business early on. What was the cost of that?

Um, and was that model is sort of the same model that Thrive Market ultimately became, or did you, were you guys bootstrapping something slightly different? I mean, look, like, like so many businesses that we were iterating in real time all the time for the first, uh, really for the first several years. And in that first year before we got live, it was, you know, almost like the business model morphed every day.

Uh, the very, very initial model was going to be, uh, basically Groupon for healthy food. So when Gennar pitched me back at the very, very beginning, um, you know, I was, uh, I'd sold my last company was, uh, uh, an entrepreneur residence at a startup accelerator, uh, probably saw, you know, 15 pitches a day had seen hundreds over the prior few months. And, you know, Gennar came in and pitched me on an idea he was calling shop tribe.

Um, and the idea was to literally build, this was like back in 2013 to build Groupon for healthy food. So Groupon was like the big thing. Buying events were going to change the world.

Uh, it was the way that everyone was going to buy everything. Why not do it with groceries? Um, but what captivated me was the mission was exactly what it is today, which is let's make healthy living accessible to anybody.

And the initial idea was, you know, let's pool, uh, people's, um, people's funds by with a wholesale account from these brands directly, um, cut out all the middlemen and cut the prices by 25 to 50% off. So that organic and natural products are at or below the conventional equivalent. So, Isn't it crazy?

Sorry to interrupt you. Isn't it crazy how like, um, e-commerce or like startups are fashionable, you know, in like 2012 and 2013 Groupon for X was fashionable. Like a few years ago, it was like Uber for X was fashionable.

Uh, but that's not so you guys were like, yeah, we, uh, you know, we, we iterated, we iterated through every fashionable business model of the day. You know, like we, like we were briefly going to be a subscription box, right. For, uh, for healthy food.

So, you know, the challenge that we were trying to solve or the problem we were trying to solve was how do you make these natural organic products, which at retail tend to be 25 to 50% more expensive than conventional, uh, accessible to anybody. And that first barrier was price. So Groupon was one way to solve that, but it involved getting your groceries on a, you know, 10 to 15 day delay or more as we tried to buy direct and it involved, you know, getting your, uh, your coconut oil one day and getting your chips the next day and getting your toilet paper the next day.

It just didn't really, didn't really work. So where we ultimately landed was an evergreen catalog and then this, the membership model. So really started studying Costco closely and realized that that allows you to basically run your product business at zero margin because all the margin comes off of the membership.

And then for us, it was especially positive or powerful because we use every paid membership to actually sponsor a free membership for a low-income family. So it sort of turbocharged the mission at the same time where it doesn't actually cost us anything to let those low-income families in. Um, they actually, in fact, will drive product sales, which gives us more volume.

Um, but it baked in that ability to truly, you know, get, get margin from the people that can pay, but be accessible to anybody else. Yeah. Costco's business model is crazy.

When you look at the 10K, their net profit is basically the equivalent of the membership feed revenue that they generate. Uh, and they also limit the, um, the margin that they take on any given product. And I think for like, you know, Kirkland products, it's like 13% for other types of products.

It's something like 11%. Those numbers might be off by a little bit. Um, and I remember I, I read this one story where the Kirkland CEO, I'm sorry, the Costco CEO is sitting on the board of directors of Starbucks and Howard Schultz was like, guys, great news.

Uh, coffee prices are going down. We're not reducing prices. So our margins are going up.

And so he goes to Howard Schultz after the meeting and he's like, when are you going to give us a break on coffee prices? And Howard Schultz is like, we're not intending to pass along any savings discounts to, um, retailers like Costco. And he's like, great, we're going to eliminate Starbucks coffee from all Costco's pretty soon, uh, because you're not passing this along.

And Howard Charles is like, okay, we'll give you a price to scale. Right. Which speaks to Costco's, you know, scale and negotiating position with their, with their vendors.

But also I think your bigger, your bigger point is obviously they pass everything along and their value to the members is the savings on the membership. Right. And that was very much where we started.

You know, the interesting thing is today, the value is actually much more, right. It's the ability to vote, you know, vote with your dollars for brands whose values you align to. It's the ability to get, you know, all the highest quality products curated in one place.

It's the ability to shop by, by your dietary needs and things like that. So it's interesting. Some of the ways the businesses diverge from, from Costco, sure.

But fundamentally that first thing we had to solve was how do we make it affordable? That only happens if we can go without margin. That only happens if we have another source of margin.

And that was membership. And so it's 2014, all these VCs have said no to you. How much of your own capital, how much of like, how much do you put down in order to like start the business in order to pivot from shop tribe to ultimately what becomes the right market?

So it's low, low six figures. Um, you know, we, is that each person or is that all together? Each, no, Gnar and me, each individual.

So, I mean, I could go into the whole kind of like saga. We, we, you know, we spent a hundred thousand dollars alone on an agency to build the website, which we found out two weeks before we were thinking we were going to launch. Um, it basically wasn't even started.

Uh, it was like, like paperwork shows our level of sophistication. Um, we brought in Sasha, our third co-founder at that moment of crisis. And I remember going to, um, to Sam Teller, who is a good friend of mine and was running the start.

He is actually a venture investor now, but at the time was running the startup accelerator, uh, launch pad LA. And I'm like, who in LA is the best C, uh, CTO, uh, for startups? Um, like wherever they are, whatever they're doing, we need to hire them.

We'll give, we'll give them whatever percentage of the company they need right now. Like we're at, we're at our, you know, we're at an existential crisis. Um, and he's like Sasha's Hartha.

And fortunately, he just rolled off his last business and merged with another one. Uh, unfortunately he's talking to like 40 other companies right now. Yeah, of course.

So we like, you know, we more or less locked him in a room and didn't let him leave till he, till he, till he came on as our, as our fourth co-founder. And, you know, had we not done that, we literally wouldn't have gotten to launch. So, you know, we spent a hundred thousand dollars there.

We spent a bunch of money, uh, just on payroll ramping up thinking we were going to launch before we, before we did. Uh, we spent, you know, it was, it was like every mistake you can think of making we probably made. Um, and we had no excuse to be doing it either.

Cause both Gennar and I were serial entrepreneurs. We'd both started and sold businesses before, but it was this very humbling reminder that like starting something is hard. Uh, learning takes time and take, you know, usually you learn the same lesson at least twice before you really learn it.

Um, and, and like I said, in the end, a lot of those things ended up being the best things that ever happened to us, right? We failed to raise money. We ended up getting, connecting with all the influencers.

We failed to build a site. We brought on the right co-founder who to this day is our CTO, you know, head of product and drives huge amounts of value to value in the business. Um, so, you know, it, it was, it was, uh, it was challenging, but yet like we wouldn't be here where we are had we not stumbled so much around.

And were you worried early on when you'd sort of spent six figures, you're like, Oh, hell yes. Are we doing here? Yes.

Yes. And how old are you at the time? A thousand times.

Yes. Uh, how old are you at the time? You're, you're like, like, when I talk about you being calm, this is you being calm.

You're like, yeah, we spent six figures and things weren't working out. If I, if it happened to me, I'd be like, even today, I'd be like, I cannot believe this happened. No, I, we weren't calm at all.

We were, you know, it was like, uh, moments of real despair, uh, you know, uh, sleepless nights, like all the, all the cliche things you would do if you're like pouring money into a black hole and not seeing anything come out, we were feeling. Um, so no, and it wasn't, you know, you can look back on it now and it seems like the whole trajectory seems inevitable and this led to this and that led to that. But the only thing clearly was leading to at the time was more failure.

So it was, um, they were some of the darkest, darkest times of my entrepreneurial life, for sure. Probably my life in general. I mean, you question everything, right?

Like you question the business model, you question your selection of partner, you selection, you, you question yourself, of course. Right. Like, like, was I, did I just get lucky the first time?

Like, am I regressing to the mean here? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.

And so, um, so you launched the site, it's on Magento, which I think that like, um, people don't talk about enough is their tech stack. Like, I remember talking to Christopher Gabbigan once from Honest and he's like, we're re-platforming for the third time in our, in our life at Honest. And I was like, that seems like a lot of work.

Um, you guys have been on Magento, you're doing hundreds of millions of dollars a year. Uh, is Magento amazing? Is Magento better than Shopify?

Like, um, why Magento, I guess? Yes. So, I mean, that's a technical question you should spend some time with Sasha on more than me.

Yeah. Uh, he would laugh if he heard you even asking me that question. Uh, but it is, you know, there's, there's pros and cons, right?

Every platform has its pros and cons, but Magento is very scalable. Uh, it's also got a really like, like robust set of kind of off the shelf, uh, applications that you can, uh, that you can use. Shopify does too.

Um, and there's a, and there's a large developer community. So the ability to scale up engineering resources to get going quickly, um, was really imperative at the time. We obviously felt a lot of pressure to launch being six months after we initially intended to.

Um, and so, you know, that was a, that was the call that Sasha made. I think there's definitely been, uh, some challenges with Magento too, not to say that there wouldn't have been other challenges with any platform we selected. Um, so we've, we've actually, some of the core e-commerce infrastructure is still on Magento, but a lot of the front facing, uh, aspects of this, features of the site and applications we've actually pulled off, um, and put into react and, and, um, and other, other platforms.

Okay. So you're it's 2014, you've spent six figures, you've pivoted from shop tribe and a bunch of different models to what ultimately becomes thrive. Yeah.

We were still shop tribe until two weeks before we launched, by the way. Wow. That's crazy.

And I can show you, I can show you, I can show you shop tribe. Yeah, I can show you our, our color was magenta was, I'm going to screw it up. It sounds like magento, but it was magenta as in like a cross between purple and pink.

That was, that was the color of the site. Like the whole branding was that, um, you know, our, our, uh, logo was essentially a gemstone. Um, and the company was called shop tribe.

Um, you know, it was not, uh, it was not positioned the way it needed to. And that actually is a story behind our fourth co-founder, Kate Mulling, who is a brilliant, uh, uh, writer and content, um, uh, uh, content curator, uh, editor and brand, uh, brand mind. Um, and she came in and basically was like, guys, this, this ain't gonna work.

Um, you know, this, this, this, and this, and probably took her two months to convince us to move out of shop tribe. So, I mean, weeks before we were launching, I was spending time on the phone with some, you know, website squatter in Florida, trying to buy friedmarket.com, uh, lest we be forced to launch a shop. Wow.

Okay. What did you pay for it? Uh, we paid low, it was five, like between 10 and $20,000.

Gotcha. Um, you know, I, I'm not sure I told you this, but when native was trying to sell, when we were trying to sell our business, we had all like, we hadn't, we didn't own our trademark. And, uh, I, I think I might've mentioned that, uh, mentioned this to you while you were investing.

And I was like, I probably didn't want to, I probably didn't want to hear this. You were actually, you were like, you need to go solve your trademark issues because we've had a lot of trademark issues. And, um, so, you know, I was like, you know, sort of, it was sort of on the back burner where I was like, okay, I need to solve these trademark issues.

M and A is coming up, like down the road. And I'm like, okay, these trademark issues are becoming more important. And, um, you know, at one point we had signed like, um, you know, uh, we had signed not a term sheet, but like a letter of intent or something to that effect with, uh, with P and G and P and G is like, you need to go buy your trade.

Like the only thing holding up the transaction was our trademark. And so we purchased the trademark from, uh, two people living in the middle of like North Dakota on a Friday. And then on like the next week on Wednesday, we sold the business five days later.

Um, but it was literally the only thing holding, uh, us up from our, um, I'm guessing you paid more than $20,000 or you're a much better negotiator. No, no, substantial, like more than 10 X that amount. That makes me feel better.

Uh, but like we had to do it. We're like, we, we never bought native.com, but we had to do it. It was either that, or we had to re change, like change our name and sort of restart the business and prove that we could do it under a different name.

And, um, it was going to be not going to happen. Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, look, we've had, we've had different challenges with Thrive Market too, and probably some, some similar to native, right? You've got a term that is already out in the zeitgeist. Um, and there's a lot of common use already of the, of some of the marks.

So it was one of the trade-offs, right? With, with Thrive of like, do we go with something that really evokes something powerful, but it's going to be less ownable from a trademark standpoint, or do we try to create, you know, Nike, which is a totally new word and very ownable, but you know, building brand equity around that's going to take a lot of time. So, um, trademark is, uh, under underappreciated.

It's one of those things that you don't think about until, uh, until, you know, there's always already been a lot of value built in the business in most cases, but if you can solve it early, it saves a lot of headache down the road. Yeah. And if someone else owns your trademark, they have monopsony power, right?

Like you, they have the only asset that you need and you cannot go anywhere else for it. And it's, it's a lot of trouble. Um, okay.

So it's 2014, you've launched the site, you've rebranded to Thrive Market because you realize shop tribe is a big mistake. The gemstones out, the magenta color is out. Um, how do you get your first, like, you know, a hundred thousand dollars in sales?

I mean, it was just influencers. So this was another. So out of the gate, you had influencers.

It was 100%, right? So we raised, we ended up because we couldn't raise money from anyone institutional because no investors would put in. We went to basically health and wellness influencers and asked them to invest, uh, in the company, in addition to being affiliate partners.

And what we found out is it not only brought in capital very slowly, like we are, there's like 10 to $25,000 investments, but we brought it in whatever it was 50 to a hundred of these folks. Um, they were totally aligned with the mission. They got what we were trying to do.

They cared about it themselves. They, many of them became and have become good friends of ours, right. Who are not just, uh, you know, financial partners in the business, but true supporters of our cause.

Um, and all of those, the dynamics caused them to also want to promote in a very different way than they would have, if it was just a transactional relationship. So they were, they were stakeholders. They were aligned with vision.

They got to know us as people. They understood what we were trying to do with the business. And when they started talking to their audiences about it, they saw, you know, just monster reactions.

And so it was, uh, it was actually too much too soon. I can remember our original warehouse was in the center of our office or offices call it 6,000 square feet. Um, and to give you a sense of like, we have 800,000 square feet of fulfillment center space today.

Sure. So the entire warehouse fit along with all of us into an office that was 6,000 square feet. You know, we ended up having within two or three weeks, we had storage containers in our driveway that we had racked and been that we were like fulfilling out of.

Um, you know, we like in our entire, uh, driveway was filled with boxes, like stacks. So how you couldn't see the sky kind of thing. Um, so it was, it was crazy.

Like there was no, once we actually got live and with these really value aligned, authentic and supportive influencers, uh, talking about us, it was like, there was no turning back. So we blew through the first. Yeah.

And so they agreed to invest prior to you having a dollar in sales. I virtually call it 80% of the influencers that ultimately like were at like, and many of whom still continue to be amazing partners came in before we had a dollar of sales, sales, which is, you know, it's very, it's a really interesting kind of a window into the way VCs think versus the way, you know, kind of a value, uh, or values driven mission oriented investor things. Um, every VC said no, right.

None of them could see it. Yeah. And our success rate with the influencers was probably 70 to 80% close rate, you know, like three out of four of them were coming in.

Um, and there was two things that, that contributed to that. One was they just got the, they got the value proposition. They understood that healthy, healthy living made easy, healthy living made affordable matters.

And it matters to millions of people because those millions of people were also the people that were their audiences. Um, and then the second side of it was, and this goes back to like what I was, you know, kind of the ways that we got help early on from specific individuals, but we had, uh, one of my buddies from college, John Durant, who's basically a meta influencer, uh, you know, to influencer to the influencers, uh, if you will. And, you know, coming in through a trusted, a trusted person, um, that, uh, that they really looked to and followed made a massive, massive difference.

So he opened up the doors and then as the dominoes started to fall, every influencer knew more influencers and it just spiraled. Sure. So we have 400 people on our cap table today.

So was, was John Durant the first influencer that signed up? Who was the first influencer? John Durant predated all the influencers.

Yeah. The first, the first influencer that came on board was, uh, Mark Sisson, um, of Primal Kitchen. Um, at the time, this is pre-Primal Kitchen, mind you.

Right. So he was just Mark Sisson of, you know, Mark's Daily Apple. Yeah.

Um, and, but a, you know, mega influencer in paleo and back in 2013, 2014, paleo was, was much bigger. Like keto wasn't even on the scene. So paleo was the biggest, the biggest sort of lifestyle, uh, uh, um, tribe that we were going after.

Um, and John introduced us to, to Mark. Uh, then he introduced us to, uh, wellness mama, uh, which is who has been our biggest influencer of all total. Um, and then it was just one after the other after that.

So, you know, we got very, very lucky with, from a people side, right. Just getting the right people coming into business at the right time. Um, and then we got very, very fortunate to find people that actually, like I said, cared about the mission.

Like that was the thing that if we hadn't, if we didn't really, we weren't doing it for the right reasons, those influencers wouldn't have come on board. Um, it's also spectacular to get people who are basically going to be your customers, uh, to become your advocates as well. Like, uh, nothing more authentic than that.

So it's your one. Um, I think I've heard you say in the past that you didn't spend a dollar in paid media in the first year. Um, and how much, like, what are sales look like the first year and what is your, what is the first, like, you know, you've raised from, I don't know, 400 influencers or something to that effect, you know, within year one of them, uh, cutting you checks.

Cause I imagine it wasn't like one round. I imagine it was sort of, um, it was investing a check at a time. Yeah.

It's rolling. Uh, how much have they invested? So we raised eight and a half million dollars before, uh, before doing a series.

Uh, we did the series a, uh, nine months after we launched and we are probably at a $40 million run rate at that point. Um, you know, we did over $30 million in the first year. So it was, it was crazy.

All right. So we, we stood up a 40,000 square foot fulfillment center, uh, you know, over the course of like six days, I remember at one point, five, four or five months in, now it was just like doing whatever we could to meet the volume. Um, and also in many cases, asking influencers not to talk about us, right?

It was like this like crazy backward situation where it was, there was so much demand. We couldn't, we didn't know what to do with it. So to be honest, we probably could have done more in sales, uh, in the first year than we did.

And it was very vindicating or very validating of the core thesis of the model, right? Because what the, what the VCs were always skeptical of is that, you know, normal middle-class middle American people want to get healthy. It was like, no, no, no, no, they're, they're out there.

Like, like, this is my background. I grew up in Minnesota. So I know that people in the Midwest, in the Southeast, many of whom don't live near a Whole Foods, uh, want this, but you know, VC who lives in San Francisco and doesn't do his own grocery shopping, you know, is like, yeah, sure.

Not in touch with it. Um, so it was, it was incredible to see that come in where it was like more demand than we knew what to do with. And, um, and then coming from people that were, you know, everyday middle-class middle Americans.

Is there anyone who, um, you know, initially told you, no, we're not going to fund you that came back and ultimately invested or tried to invest in the series? A lot of them, a lot of them. And some of them, it was like, oh, come on.

Right. Like when they, when you had, yeah, of course, they would tell you that you're going to fail. Right.

Or you had the people that like listened and like, you know, nodded and stuff, and then just didn't respond to your emails. So, you know, those are not the people you're going to let invest, but we also had a lot of people that gave really well-reasoned explanations for why they weren't investing. And like, the truth is like, we were, it's a high risk bet, right?

It's an operationally intensive business. Neither Gnar nor I had e-commerce experience. We're going ostensibly up against Amazon and Whole Foods at the time.

We're not the same business. Right. Of course.

Yeah. And, um, and so we had some, some, uh, some folks that were really, really thoughtful. One of them was, was Dana Settle at Graycroft, who said no, but said, Hey, I, I also love what you're doing.

I love the mission. I aligned to the lifestyle myself as a mom. I see the value proposition and I believe in what you're doing.

It's too early. And the risk profile is not right for us right now, but let's talk, um, talk in a few months and she continued to follow up and like, that's who we went with. Yeah.

And the series, uh, and you didn't do any of those like Silicon Valley. I'm going to take the meeting and just shit on you for being assholes to me type of like a rounds when you did your series a or series B. I did those.

No, but I did those all in my head. I, those are like fantasy moments, but no, never, never actually picked up the phone and made that call. Gotcha.

So this guy, Ehrlich Bachman goes into VC meetings and like, um, he's like, you know what? I'm sensing that you guys aren't the right fit, uh, in, in like the VC meetings. And he'll be like, uh, you know, these pastries are shit.

Uh, and one time he takes his balls out and he actually puts them on the conference room table, uh, to be like, fuck you. Uh, and you know, uh, there were a bunch of, not my style. Not your style.

Yeah. Yeah. I don't know.

Yeah. Yeah. Of course you think about that though.

Not that specifically, but like, of course you think about, you know, like those rejections were so painful, right? Like if you're someone who's competitive, if you're someone who's succeeded at things that they've done in the past to be, you know, to be told no is hard to be ignored is even harder. Right.

Like honestly, that was the worst was like the people that don't even give you the time to time of day. Um, so it was, it was super hard, but again, it was super formative. And like, at the end of the day, I have to be grateful to those people because we wouldn't have gone to the influencers had those guys said yes.

And I don't think we would have built the kind of company that we have. Uh, and so you launch, how big is your catalog in year one, year two? Um, we probably launched with 4,500 SKUs and scale it up to 6,500 pretty quickly.

So it's, it's been more or less stable. I mean, we, I alluded to this earlier, but that first barrier we wanted to break down was affordability, but the, there's all, all sorts of other barriers to getting healthy. One of them is actually just the intimidation factor of like, where the hell do I start?

Right. And if you, if, if you walk into a whole foods and you haven't been in a whole foods before choosing between 50 almond butters is like totally overwhelming, right? If you search for almond butter on Amazon, you're going to see 40,000 results.

So we actually, part of our value is to be hyper curated, to be that place that is your trusted resource, where you don't have to think about whether this is the right quality. Everything reaches our high quality bar. Um, and we're going to recommend the best products, um, in each category for you.

And that stayed the same. So we're still, we're, you know, our product, our catalog has probably grown less than 500 SKUs in the last two to three years. Wow.

And so is there a lot like, um, is there a lot of recycling among the SKUs? Like, are you pushing? Yeah.

Okay. Gotcha. Now.

Okay. Yeah. So we're, yeah, I mean the, the trends are always changing, as you can imagine.

Um, and we're, you know, we mix shift. We're always, always, always looking to go deeper with the brands that really align with our values, with the brands that really are authentic, that have amazing stories that are doing real innovation. Um, and what we don't want on is the brand that's like become commoditized, become lazy, you know, just sort of turning the, turning the crank.

And if that's the case, we'll go into private label and we'll do it ourselves and we'll do it better. And so that's, that's been actually one of the most exciting things is to see, like, we can reward these amazing innovative brands. We will invest to go deep with them.

Um, and then in the areas of the catalog where there's not as much happening, it's innovative on the third party side, we can go to the innovation ourselves, right? So we work with 40 co-packers now on our own brand. We're sourcing from supply chains, literally all over the world.

So our product innovators, you know, notwithstanding our current period, but normally they're traveling all over the world all the time. Um, and we're now getting to a scale where we can actually like build supply chains ourselves. So like we, you know, we're working with the farmers collective, uh, in Patagonia that didn't exist before Thrive Market.

You know, we're standing up this collective that is helping to convert, uh, farmers down there to traditional grass fed beef practices. That's cool stuff like that. It's been just amazing and rewarding.

And so when you have a catalog of 4,500 products or 6,500 products later on, um, how do you like, or, or, you know, uh, Facebook has this, uh, had this amazing realization early on that if you were able to get seven friends in 10 days, you'd get addicted to Facebook. Uh, Slack says that once a team has sent out 2000 messages internally in Slack's or has, you know, has had 2000 Slack's people are addicted to Slack and will not churn. Is there, is there some sort of North star that you were looking for there?

Would you like, if we can get you to make five purchases in the first month, or if we can get you to purchase kettle and fire bone broth in the first year, um, you know, you're going to get hooked to our brand? Yeah. There's a, there's a bunch of those.

Um, there's a, there's a big question in my mind always of how much of those, like how much of that is correlation versus causation. Right. And as soon as you start to do things to drive the behavior, the correlation and the causation can start to break down.

Um, but I mean, the, the most obvious thing is that people order, they will stay period. Like the, the, the most important proxy for value, and it's not even really a proxy. It is the source of value is people getting products that they love and coming back to buy those products again.

So, you know, we will like the first order is sacrosanct for us. Like we want to drive as many people the moment they join the membership to be placing a first order within 30 days. Um, that's, you know, with day zero, we look at day zero, day seven, day 30 day, um, day 30, uh, order rates.

Um, we also have a concept we call core members. So those are members that have placed four more lifetime orders. And what's interesting is regardless of the rate that it takes you to, you know, the rate that those orders are placed in or how long it takes you to get there.

Once you have placed four orders, um, there's a really significant inflection, um, in, uh, in stick rate. Um, and we're, you know, we're, we're pretty lucky in that the, the upfront membership fee also act as, as a filter to get people who truly are invested in the life cycle. Um, I think one of the biggest mistakes we made early on the marketing side was trying to convert people, right?

That's not our, that's not actually what we can do today. As we get to bigger scale and go more mainstream, maybe that'll be something for the future. But today, what we want to do is capture the people that already want this lifestyle that are working really hard to achieve it, but don't have the best option.

Um, and as soon as we start, we call that the wellness champion. Um, and, uh, you know, if we can go after those people, bring them in and get them the first order that is, you know, those people are going to, going to renew at a very high rate. And today our renewal rates annually are over 70%.

So it's, it's, it's not as high as Costco, but I think if you looked at part of the reason Costco's are, are over 90 as they've titrated the membership base over so many years, if you look at, you know, apples to apples, our first year, second year, 30 year renewal rates, I bet we're on par, uh, would be my, would be my hypothesis. And they don't, they don't obviously don't publish their cohort data. Sure.

Sure. Yeah. And so what, what does that mean in terms of people?

So people who buy memberships, what percentage are buying an actual product in the first 30 days? Uh, so it depends on the source of the traffic, but half of people will buy what will order in the first 30 days. Yeah.

Almost, almost a third of them will place an order in the first day. Um, and you know, we used to actually have, it used to be a hundred percent because literally the way you would start your trial membership was by placing the first order. Um, we actually decoupled those two steps.

Um, I call it, it's really two problems in one. There's a, I call it the basket building problem. Um, and then the, the membership problem and either one is really a problem, but it's like, it's, it's, it's a, it's a task that we have to do.

So we have to convince someone that it's worth spending $60 a year on a membership. And then we have to get them to place an order, which is not trivial for us because the average unit value is only $6. The average order size is over 70.

So we're getting them to put 10 to 15 or even 20 items into a cart. That's a 40 to 50 minute exercise for most people on their first order. Um, so our CPAs are, we're, we're, I'm sure are, I'm sure higher than the, than the native CPAs.

Um, but, but the value of that customer, if you can get them to place that order is quite high. Oh, oh, absolutely. Well, you know, a native, um, our average order value is about 20 to $21.

Um, and we also saw the same inflection point, which is if you purchase native four times, um, you were never going to use another teoteric. We had to, um, and we were really excited about that. Um, so, you know, we were talking about like how categories change and how we went from like, the world has gone from paleo to keto.

Um, you know, for native, like deodorant also went from deodorant to charcoal deodorant became a much bigger thing and never existed a few years ago. What are some of the categories that you've seen sort of grow, uh, at thrive? And what are the categories that are like the largest, uh, if you could talk about that today?

Yeah. I mean, we, we could spend a while talking just about charcoal if you want. Um, that's, that's been one of the most bizarre trends.

Uh, and it's sort of like across all categories, uh, charcoal in your beverage, charcoal in your deodorant. Is it holding? Uh, it, it's like faded a bit, right.

And like all these, all of these all of these trends, right. The, the, the faster they rise, the faster they fall typically. Um, you know, 2019 was all about CBD, uh, you know, CBD hemp extract.

And, you know, we were seeing, I mean, like growth rates that we had never seen in any category period to the point that CBD was becoming one of our top five subcategories on the entire site. Um, and it's, it's still doing really well, but it's stabilized. Um, and then it's, and then dropped off, I think for some of the more commoditized, uh, commoditized skews.

Um, keto continues to be huge and it has been for now a year and a half to two years. Um, you know, I've looked at some of the Google search trends and it's definitely ebbed a little bit, uh, but that hasn't been the case for us. Uh, we're still seeing that as a diet search term dwarf all other dietary search terms combined.

Um, so it's that big. Um, and, uh, you know, plant-based is, as you'd imagine is, is, uh, also really, really significant. I think one of the most heartening trends that we've seen on site in general has been more interest in environmental responsibility and sustainability.

Um, so, you know, just an anecdote there, uh, we're, we're carbon neutral on all our shipping. We actually buy offsets to completely neutral neutralize our shipping footprint or our carbon footprint. Nobody cared about that four years ago.

Right. Even our most like hardcore members, it was like, do you have free shipping? Um, we actually get, we get as many inquiries today about carbon neutral shipping as we do about free shipping.

So people really are starting to care about that. You know, reusable vessels. Um, we were, uh, 98% virgin free, uh, virgin plastic free, um, in all of our packaging.

Um, you know, we went fully recyclable in our packaging, zero waste fulfillment. Like these are topics that were not in the zeitgeist, uh, five years ago for most consumers, even natural organic consumers today, they absolutely are. So I would say if I were to pick the top three, I'd say environmental responsibility, um, uh, keto and plant-based are probably the three, the three big ones.

And then within there, there's all sorts of flavors. And so if you had to, let's break down the, what was the largest one that you said? Keto, let's break that down a little bit.

Like, is it, um, you know, is it keto snack bars? Is it keto? Uh, you know, like, like, you know, a soylent version of keto.

Can you break it down? It's keto everything. It's keto beverages, keto, keto, uh, keto, um, keto strips, right.

The actual testing for, for your, your ketone levels. It's exogenous ketones, which are like, you can actually like ingest ketones to make it to go ketogenic. Um, it is, uh, it is a bunch of different products that aren't keto per se, but map to the keto keto diet, whether it's nuts and seeds or it's MCT oil or it's collagen peptides.

Um, you know, it's, it's, it's incredible. It's, it's been absolutely amazing. And it's our number one acquisition strategy as well.

Uh, his story, like, again, notwithstanding this moment, which is very different with, with COVID-19, but, um, but his store and, you know, it's very interesting by the way, in a crisis, people have stopped thinking about their diet, right? They just want to get healthy food, but in a normal time, people are absolutely obsessed with keto and it's the number one acquisition strategy we have. That's interesting.

I definitely want to come back to COVID-19. Uh, but let me talk a little bit more about like, you know, you said keto is your number one acquisition strategy. You've grown from, you know, $30 million year one on the backs of influencers to hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue today.

Um, you know, you went from $0 in paid marketing spent with a bunch of affiliates to what I imagine is much more robust marketing budget. Uh, like I think I've seen you guys run TV ads, out of home ads. I'm sure you're doing Facebook ads.

Um, you know, where, where are you spending money today? Uh, when you're, when you're trying to do paid acquisition. Yeah.

I mean, we're still overwhelmingly digital. We've definitely pulled, uh, in some of the more traditional, uh, channels, but, um, you know, paid social works for us, uh, paid social in combination with influencer works really well for us. Um, influence.

What does that mean? Does that mean that like an influencer sort of posting something and you promoting that, that Facebook post? We've, we've done that.

We've had actually done advertiser access with the, with influencers that we have really great partnerships with. And obviously they control the message and the content, but we pay for the media. Um, we've also just seen that if we run Facebook ads with our influencers likeness, and again, in partnership with them on all the content, um, they can perform extremely well.

Um, we also see that if somebody, you know, when we're spending on it's an ecosystem, right? So people, most people, even if you're doing last click attribution, there's, there's multiple touches that are contributing to that conversion. And so, you know, we will see that Facebook has something top of funnel builds awareness.

And then when you partnered with, you know, you do a partnership promotion, even if they have nothing to do with each other, those two sources spend contribute to both, both channels being more efficient. Um, so influencers actually had a real renaissance for us since we've split out that funnel. So it's interesting on Instagram, as you'd imagine, it's, it's overwhelmingly mobile traffic.

Um, same thing actually on Facebook. Um, but Instagram, especially, and especially, uh, with so many of our influencers being Instagram influencers, um, we were seeing that when you try to get somebody to start a trial while placing that first order, the chance you were going to get that conversion in that moment on the phone, when someone's going through their Instagram feed, given that it takes 40 to 50 minutes, it's just super, super low. Yeah.

So you had one, an attribution issue where people were finding us through Instagram, but we're then converting later and not being attributed. Um, but two, you just had a lot of fall off right in the, in the funnel. Um, so as we switched to a simpler funnel, um, let people sign up directly for membership, gave them monthly and annual options.

All of a sudden our influencer channel just started performing like dramatically better, like 50% better in terms of, in terms of last quick attributed CPA, um, which has allowed us now to go to a lot more influencers to promote more heavily with our, with our top influencers. And so that's now, you know, it was overwhelmingly our largest channel for a long time. Then it wasn't now it is again, uh, which has been super.

And sorry, what, what was your overwhelming, was it Facebook or Instagram or are you sort of influencer influencer? Influencer was large. Um, you know, Facebook's had its moments.

I would say we, you know, I could spend a lot of time talking about Facebook. I'd probably say a lot of dumb stuff since you're the Facebook master. Um, but we, we have, we have struggled honestly with Facebook.

Um, and I think only in recent months started to understand its role in the funnel. And, you know, if you're lucky enough to have a native on your hands where you can actually make last click work with Facebook and it back out on that, like, you know, on a, on an actual attributed CPA basis, you're very lucky. We can't, but yeah, what we found is it does serve a really important role in the funnel.

And when you start to, when you, you know, when you get away from just like the myopic last click, uh, way of looking at things and you start to think about what is the true CPA. And I'm not even talking about multi-touch attribution. I'm just talking about intuitively putting your human hat on thinking more broadly about what it's doing in your, in your marketing ecosystem.

Um, and we've done some tests to list, to just actually try to quantify that. Um, it's really significant. So we've actually interestingly been leaning into Facebook a lot more, uh, over the last six to nine months.

Um, and a lot of that also has to do with the, with the simpler. And so if influencers is your number one channel, um, what is your number two channel? What is your number three channel?

Uh, number one channel by spend as influencers. Number two would be, uh, would be Facebook. Um, uh, and what is number three?

We've had, uh, paid, paid, paid search. Yeah. And we've had periods where paid search and paid shopping have actually been our biggest channels.

Um, and that is, that is to me an artifact of us like over focusing on the bottom of the funnel, right? Because last click will tell you those channels convert really, really well, but they're also stealing a lot of conversion. Definitely.

Google used to tell me there'd be like, uh, where you're like cheap as CPA. And I'm like, uh, take out all branded search terms, uh, and branded ads from this. And then what is the CPA?

And they're like, why would you ever do that? And I'm like, somebody just found our product on Facebook, Google this product, click the ad, and you're trying to claim all the credit for this. Yeah.

Um, I mean, the biggest breakthrough we ever, I don't know if this is, I know this podcast isn't just about marketing, but the biggest breakthrough we ever had on paid search was to split out branded and non-branded paid search. Like they're two totally different animals. Definitely.

Like we don't even, I will literally like scream if I'm in a meeting where people talk about our CPA on paid search as a whole is like, and then it's a degree more. Yeah. If you have a $60 CPA, but your CPA on branded is $10 and your CPA on non-branded is 200, your peanut butter.

You have a $200 CPA. You have a $200 CPA. Absolutely.

Yeah. I'm like, um, branded search is a tax, uh, that Google, uh, that Google forces you to pay so that you don't lose the search, uh, you know, the search box or somebody else. Um, and you know, Google, whenever I'd explain that to my Google rep, Google would be like, Oh, I guess I get what you mean.

And I'm like, you must have heard this from everybody else. Like nobody thinks of Google's branded search as like a real acquisition. It's bullshit acquisition.

Uh, it's somebody finding your product somewhere else and sort of paying Google for, uh, pay you have to, you having to pay Google for it. Uh, we only have a few minutes left. I want to ask a few fun questions.

Um, what is your favorite product on Thrive Market? I mean, that's like asking who's your favorite child, right? Um, I love them all.

They all have right now you have one kid, so you have an answer to that. It's a, yeah, it's super easy. Uh, and then I guess I would probably go with the, with the first product, right?

Which was our extra virgin, uh, uh, organic fair trade coconut oil. I mean, that's the one that started it all, uh, on, it was both our acquisition. It was our acquisition hook and it's an amazing product.

Now we're doing it fully regenerative, which is also super exciting. Can you talk about the best selling product on Thrive? Like, I don't know if you say most popular.

I already mentioned it. It's collagen peptides. So it's a, okay, gotcha.

Yeah. So two years ago or five years ago, collagen was basically a beauty product. Now it's become a health supplement.

Um, so it just, it was like amazingly the industry that has emerged, um, that is now taking bovine collagen and converting it into a high quality source of protein. What is like, um, you know, I, I, we, you and I have hung out a few times. You're generally incredibly healthy person.

What's an indulgence product that you still buy off of Thrive Market? Like, do you get Haagen-Dazs ice cream? On Thrive Market or from like, from somewhere else beside Thrive Market?

Actually both. Uh, now I want to know both. Oh, interesting.

Um, I mean, on Thrive Market is definitely chocolate. So, uh, you know, I... Milk or dark?

Like dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark, dark. But there's, you now have, and this is also a huge trend we didn't talk about that kind of ties into keto. But, um, you know, the, the sort of sugar-free, uh, sweets are blowing up for us.

Um, and whether it's brands like Smart Sweets or Lily's Chocolate, um, you know, monk fruit sweetened, uh, chocolate has been incredibly, incredibly, uh, popular with Kanto. I love Lily's. Um, I can eat a whole one of those bars.

So that would be my indulgence on Thrive. Gotcha. Off Thrive, I don't buy a lot of junk food, but I'll tell you the, like, one candy I cannot resist is Skittles.

Skittles? Yeah. Like, I'll, I'll buy one of those, like, giant bags at the movie theater and finish it halfway through the movie.

Wow. That's crazy. Um, okay.

Will Thrive Market ever sell its branded products in brick and mortar stores? Um, yes. One hundred, one hundred percent.

Uh, whether that's in someone else's brick and mortar stores or ours, um, Yeah. Is the decision we'll have to make. Okay.

Gotcha. Um, this is not a fun question. Has COVID-19 been good for you or bad for you?

I mean, it's, it's a, it's a national and obviously international crisis. Um, it has been a huge opportunity and we feel like a responsibility for us to step in and obviously provide, um, at a level that we've never had to. So, you know, we've, we've gone from like finding healthy groceries is something that a lot of American families were thinking about to getting access to any groceries is something every American family is thinking about.

So, you know, I would never say it's been good for us. It has definitely created volume for our business. It's created a insane number of challenges on the back end.

Um, but it's, um, you know, it is the ultimate moment for our mission. Like this is our opportunity to go, you know, truly make it accessible at a time when people don't have a lot of options. Yeah.

And I don't mean, I certainly don't mean like COVID-19 being like everyone's throwing parties cause there's COVID-19. I really mean like, right. Has it, is it like from a business perspective or a business standpoint?

Is it Delta airlines for you? Yeah. No, we're at the, we're on the opposite of the spectrum for sure.

Yeah, exactly. Um, yeah. Uh, okay.

Finally, this is going to be my last question cause we're almost out of time. You know, you guys have raised hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue, uh, hundreds of millions of dollars in VC funding. You guys there, there's four co-founders, a team of what must be a couple hundred people.

I think the last time I visited the office, um, hundreds of million dollars in revenue. What is the exit strategy with this business? Will you be working here 10 years?

You know, Jeff Bezos is never going to quit Amazon. Mark Zuckerberg is never going to leave Facebook. Will you ever leave Thrive Market?

Is that happening in the next 24 months, five years, five to 10 years? Like where, where, when does this happen? Yeah.

I guess the way I would answer that question is every time that I have tried to predict the future, even one year out in the past, I've ended up being so wildly wrong that I don't do it anymore. Um, you know, we, we, uh, we're building this business for the longterm, whether I'm the right person to be the CEO 10 years from now. I don't know what I like to be the leader of where I think this business is going.

Absolutely. Um, do I think we have the opportunity to build a business that is doing billions, if not tens of billions of dollars in sales? I absolutely do.

Um, do I think that this mission has to be achieved, right? I think that it's, it's ludicrous that it's easier and cheaper to buy highly processed, denatured foods than healthy and organic ones. And I think it's, it's bad for people's health and it's destroying the, destroying the planet.

So whether it's Thrive Market or something else, like this has to happen in the world. And, um, and so I believe that we are what more, well, better position than anyone else to do it. And, uh, I would be very, very happy if we were sitting here 10 years from now and I was still plugging away on Thrive Market and we were having the impact that I believe we could.

And are your investors, uh, clamoring, like, you know, um, at native, we didn't really have, like, we didn't have a lot of investors. And so we didn't have anyone clamoring for returns. Like you were an investor.

You weren't called. I didn't want you to sell. I would have loved you to, I wanted you to keep going.

Yeah. Fair enough. Uh, in fact, you weren't the only one when I called a couple of people and told them we were selling the business, they're like, fuck you.

And I was like, holy shit, we're returning, you know, significant returns on the capital invested. But by the way, native, but I should have said this at the very beginning. Part of the reason I'm honored to be on this call is I think native is the, is the best investment and the shortest timeline that I've ever had.

And it has made me look smarter to so many people, than I, than I really am as an investor. So thank you for that. Um, no, our, our investors are patient.

Like that was one of the really advantageous things of bringing in people that align with the values and the mission is they want to get to the same place we want to get to. And it doesn't mean that the right strategic thing for the business may not be to find a partner at some point. Um, it doesn't mean that we may not choose to go public and, and, uh, and create liquidity for our investors.

But you know, when we go public, that's not the end of the business. That's the beginning of the business. Surely.

Right. If we choose a partner, it's not because we're trying to wash our hands and walk away. It's because we think that's going to accelerate our path to scale.

So, you know, I think that for us, the greatest asset in our business is that long term vision and the willingness to plan for that and act, uh, act in that direction versus optimizing for a short term outcome. And I think if we continue to do that, wherever, wherever the outcome lands, like it's going to be, you know, we're going to have a tremendous impact. Uh, okay.

You know, if you're, um, you guys are based in LA, uh, I tweeted yesterday that I was going to interview you for this podcast and a bunch of people said, Hey, we want to sell our small, like we want to sell our small businesses product to thrive market. What's the best way to get in touch with your buyers? Is it LinkedIn?

Is it a bad idea? Cause you guys have a limited SKU set or are you still looking for new products? We're always looking for new products, right?

Like we want to find that like that innovative product that's on the bleeding edge of the trend curve. That's doing something really unique that has really strong values that has a great founder. That is what we live for.

Um, and so yes, like email our buyers, ping them on LinkedIn. You can go online and actually submit like literally like submit a form that will go into our buyers. We read every single one of those.

A lot of our best products have come in straight through the front door. Um, so no, we're always looking, we are incredibly discerning. We reject, you know, 30 to 50 brands for every one that we bring in.

Um, but we are always looking. Yeah. And just as a note, you guys rejected native, which I loved as a story, by the way.

Uh, I know that's, I, I don't, I don't hold the cards. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Believe me, I pushed.

No, I love the, um, independence of your buyers to be like, this isn't the right product for our consumers. Even though you as an investor and the CEO of the company, we're pushing in one direction, your buyers were saying, no, I love the ability that you have, like a buyers to be able to sort of stand up to you and sort of say, this isn't the right product for us. That's right.

Uh, okay. Fantastic. Nick, this was great.

Uh, I want to sign off by thanking you for three things. Uh, one is doing this podcast. Two is, uh, certainly investing in native and sort of being this fantastic resource that I had for years.

I remember I'd call you up. We'd chat on the weekends because both of us worked on the weekends and you were like this calming rational force. You were the only person telling me not to expand into 15 other categories.

And I really appreciated that. Um, and, and finally, like, um, when we sold the business and I sort of emailed all of our investors asking them to sign the docs, um, you congratulated me and you said, um, I built, you built this business the way you wanted to. Um, and I really appreciated that.

I was trying to build native the way that I thought was right for me as a CEO and as an operator and not for anyone else. And, um, I, I think that may, that caused, uh, you know, there were a lot of mistakes that we made as a result of that. And, you know, possibly selling was one of them.

Um, certainly the business is a lot bigger today than it was two years ago. Uh, but that note meant a lot to me and like, I still read it from time to time. Uh, and I really appreciate you saying that to me.

Uh, so, so thanks for all three of those things. Really appreciate your presence in my life. That, that means so much.

And I appreciate you saying that. And, and that note reflected one of the things that I learned from you, which just was that maniacal focus and that willingness to do it exactly the way you wanted to. Um, so it's, it's been a two way street and, uh, uh, much more to come.

Nick, thanks so much for your time. Really appreciate this.