Paul Tran, CEO and Founder of Manscaped. You know, Native started in 2015. Manscaped started around then.

Manscaped sells products that helps men groom their groins. Is that right? Paul Tran, CEO and Founder of Manscaped.

That's perfectly right. There was white space. And some of the products that you sell, just so people have clarity, are the lawnmower, which helps men trim their pubes, deodorant for your balls, you know, like a foot odor product as well.

What's the foot odor product called? It's called the Foot Duster. It's called the Foot Duster.

Okay. And you guys have a really cheeky sense of humor. You know, when people go on to Manscaped or look at Manscaped's past, you know, I've read some of your taglines.

They're fantastic. One is, I remember one because I was reading it. It says, when you trim the hedges, the tree stands taller.

Who came up with that? I mean, that's true, right? That's absolutely true.

Who came up with that tagline? You know, we have a really talented marketing team. You know, we're just, you know, it evolved as, I can't remember exactly where that tagline came from.

But, you know, we just have a really talented marketing team that comes up with these really catchy sayings all the time. Yeah, that's certainly really catchy. You know, one of the questions I was thinking about when I was doing some research about Manscaped is how often are men trimming their hedges?

Do you guys have any idea? Do you guys like survey your customers about that kind of information or what's the most We do survey our customers. And it's actually, it turned out to be much more frequent than we thought.

A lot of men or, you know, of course, in anything, there's a bell curve, right? Sure. Where the bell curve, the highest frequency is around once a week to once every 14 days.

So it's between, you know, seven and 14 days is when somebody maintenance their bush. And what's the other end of the bell curve is the other end once every like five years. The other end, of course, is, you know, it follows also follows the age gap, right?

When you're much older, less incentivized to do it. So it's like never, right? So that's the other side of the bell curve.

Gotcha. Yeah. And that look, I guess who are the who's buying who are buying these products?

Is it is it men who are like, hey, I want to make myself look better? And my tree to stand taller? Or is it women who are like, I'm tired of looking at my husband or boyfriend or partners looking like this?

And so he needs to trim. Well, we actually have a pretty eclectic mix between men and women. During the holidays, it's we open marketing much, much more to women.

So we have more of more women customers than than, you know, the rest of the year. But really, it the truth is that if you if you haven't groomed down there, you don't know what it feels like. Like if after you've moved on that, you feel it's it's refreshing.

So we've seen that men like that actually start that really enjoy it. You know, it's like it's like, you know, we think we got your hair is really long, you know, and then and then you finally cut your hair. It feels really like it feels really relaxing, really cool.

And that and I think men start starting to enjoy that. You know, it's it feels fresher. It's not as damp.

So I think you start getting used to that feeling and it becomes just a normal thing. Yeah. Yeah, you're you're you're you're right about a lot of that.

I know, like when I shave sometimes or at least get a barber to cut my beard afterwards, I just feel like I'm a new human being and feel great. I don't know what it is about that. Like, I still don't understand what like like what psychological impact that is when I'm like, OK, this guy has just cut my beard.

It looks good. But now I feel like I'm a new I'm a newly reborn person. Yeah, it's it's this and that's what we strive for.

You know, we I mean, as the essence of the company at the end of the at the end of the day, we just want you to feel better. You know, like like the way that we think about it is life is pretty rough already. You know, there's so much to do.

There's so many responsibilities. You know, we just want to make your life just a little more enjoyable. Yeah, that's really at the end of the day.

That's our mission. Yeah. And so there's a subscription element to the business as well.

Aside from like I imagine like the the hero product that you guys have is the lawnmower, like what trims hedges. Is that right? Absolutely.

So, I mean, if you think about it, the way I'd like to explain it is that when you look at the female body, you realize you start from head to toe, you're analyzing, right? You realize that there's a there's a product and a brand for every single female care and need you can think of. When you go to the male body, you switch your attention to the male body.

You start with, you know, you start with your head. You got all you got your Gillette, your Dollar Shave, your Harry's right. You go down to the torso.

You got native. You got Old Spice. You got Old Spice.

When you get down to the groin, there's nobody playing in the groin. Right. That is total empty white space.

And, you know, we got lucky and fortunate and we recognize that, you know, three years ago and we were able to capitalize on that. We were to attain an amazing name. So, Manscaped, you know, right now, I mean, we define the category of Manscaping.

Right. So, that Manscaped defines that category. And we just we totally own this category.

And, you know, we and what's really important for us is to create the best products that we're the way that we think about our mission and our mandate is that we we don't optimize for anything other than quality. So, we're not we're not optimizing for price. If we're not the cheapest products, we are the best products.

Yeah. So, that's kind of how because there's just a lot of products out there. Right.

I mean, from everything from the low end to high end, what we want we want to focus on is creating the absolute best products. And that starts with a lawnmower. So, talking about a lawnmower, which is like a trimmer for your pubes, really, and a fantastic name.

You know, we'd love to delve more into the name of Manscaped and Lawnmower in a minute. But like, you know, you're on the Lawnmower 3.0. What did like how did you guys decide what went from Lawnmower 2.0 to 3.0?

And what like what what are you going to put in Lawnmower 4.0? Like, is that a is that a, you know, is there customer feedback involved in that? Is there like what's going on for you guys to make those types of decisions?

Absolutely. So we have a Facebook group and I want to plug it here. It's the Facebook Ballers group.

And it's a VIP group and it's invite only. You have to, you know, ask to join. But this group is for our closest, best customers that are interactive with us.

And when I say best, it's not on a monetary value, like how much you buy. It's just, you know, it's just people that like the brand that want to interact with myself and our, you know, our executive team and a product development team. And so we have about close to two or three thousand people in there that are really interactive, that they love to test products.

So we have a great group of core, you know, manscape fans that we can test new products. But one of the biggest things that we do is, you know, our blade has what we call SkinSafe technology. And SkinSafe makes it really difficult for you to, excuse my French, nick your balls, right?

Because if you ever nick yourself down there, it is the most horrible feeling. You know, that area. I think that's what everyone is afraid of before they start manscaping is like, what happens?

If I mess this up. That is the number one fear. That is the number one fear.

And I can tell you, it bleeds a lot. You know, it expands, it attracts, it hurts. It hurts all day.

You know, so it's a real pain point. So our blades, it's the only blade out there specifically engineered to trim your groin. Because it's not like any other area of your face, right?

Like if you're talking about your beard, it's really taut. Your face is really taut. It's really easy to trim, right?

This is loose skin with hair on it. So it's not the same experience as trimming your beard. It's much more difficult.

So go back to your question. Now, how do we determine the difference between the 2.0 and the 3.0? It's just innovating.

You know, in the product pipeline, you're, it might take like a year to 18 months to engineer a great product. So we have multiple products lined up. Like we're designing the 4.0 at the same time we're designing the 5.0.

And we're putting it back into the 6.0. Because we're, we're a hardware company in addition to soft goods, right? So we have our own R&D lab that we, that we built out that does all the soft goods and all the formulations, you know, the ball deodorant and everything else that we're going to get into.

But on, on a hardware side, we have our own in-house industrial designers, material experts, and engineers that design these and design and think through the problems that you have. So, you know, when we, when we developed the 2.0, that was really our first mass product with SkinSafe. And then the 3.0 was an evolution of the, of the 2.0.

You know, it had a light in there. Yeah. Because we realized like, even if your bathroom is really lit, you know, there are shadows, you know?

So like the light, it seems like, oh, we thought about it. Is it, is it a gimmick? You know, if we put a light, light on there, would it be deemed as a gimmick?

And then we actually put a light on a prototype, like, this is actually really useful. Because like you, you can, because you need to see down there, you know, like, it's not, it's not the same, it's not the same experience. Cause you, you know, you, you got to see down there.

So putting a light on there was made it into the 3.0, the port 4.0. I don't want to talk about all the different features, but it's got, we're really innovating on, on this experience. And I, we don't think that there's many companies that really looked at groin trimming and how to innovate in that area while making it safe, easy and enjoyable.

And so going back to this Facebook group, are you going to like reach out to the Facebook group and say, Hey guys, we have the 4.0. So does anyone want to try a couple of samples and give us your feedback before we finalize this production? Is that how it works or like, you know, that works all the time.

So that, that is, that cycle is much more frequent with, with our soft goods products. So, you know, all of our, you know, ball deodorant and all the products that we're, we're, we're testing in the pipeline. Now that is, that goes out, that gets tested internally.

You know, it goes all through all the stability testing and, and, and all of, all of the employees use it. And then, and then we expand it out to our VIP ballers group. And then talk to me a little bit about R and D.

It's really amazing that you can sort of have that R and D in house as an independent company. We never had that as native as an independent company. And even once we joined Procter and Gamble, like we did some R and D internally, but most of the R and D we did like with third party manufacturers.

How big is this R and D group? I haven't heard of like a startup sort of thinking about R and D is like, you know, early on or with the R and D. And then, you know, I've always kind of thought, I always, I always thought it was really important not only to go wide, but also go deep.

And what that means is you gotta, you gotta know, you know, a lot of different things, but you just can't, you just can't be a, what was there? There's a saying, what was it saying? You know, a Jack of all trades with master of none.

I don't think an entrepreneur can be like that. I think an aunt to be, to be really successful. You not only have to go wide, but you also have to go deep and you've got to be a master of a lot of things.

So with that, with, with that, that belief, you know, we always, we, we made sure that everything was done in house. Like we never hired an agency and we don't use any agencies for anything. All video production is done in house.

All media buying is done in house. R and D is done in house. Um, Oh my God.

So no agencies. How, how, so look, the, the technology that you guys build out, you guys have your own developers. When you guys launch a TV commercial, you have your own in house production agency, make it, you have your own in house creative agency, decide what it is.

And then your own in house like, uh, agency or your own in house employees, um, cut it up as well and edit. Yep. That's insane.

How big is the entire team then? Um, right now we're seeing about 72 employees. So we're not that big.

Okay. Yeah. Uh, and pretty amazing based on like the amount of content that I see coming out of manscaped.

Uh, so you guys are certainly productive at creating content. Um, and when did you guys hire your first R and D employee then? Um, well, I mean, just like, like many other startups in, in, in the CPG space, you know, we, we use contract manufacturers.

So, you know, we, we use a third party lab to create our first products, but I think in about, about a year, probably 14 months ago, when we started really building out our own R and D lab, um, and hired a first R and D research chemist. Um, and, uh, you know, it, it was, we knew that we had to retain this knowledge and really understand it. Um, you know, from top down.

So having in house, we got to iterate very quickly and we didn't like this. Let's change it. Let's change it.

And so we're like, like what would take, um, you know, what would take weeks from, from, from working with a lab? Cause you know, we've worked with labs before you got to send them, send them, you know, send them a brief, they send you samples. Sure.

And then you send them back and forth. It just, the cycles are just way too long. Right.

So for us having a, a team that we can work with hand in hand, um, is it was, was just really accelerated that. Gotcha. Um, okay.

Let's start talking a little bit more about like the early days of manscaped. So, uh, before this R and D R and D team exists before you guys are sort of developing lawnmower 4.0. Um, you know, you guys are working on the original products, uh, manscape gets on shark tank at some point.

Um, and at some point like, uh, you know, you're on shark tank, you're working on the original marketing for the, for the, um, for the company is, do you guys call the first, do you call these call the first. Do you call the first product you released a lawnmower 1.0? It was called the lawnmower.

Yeah. It was called a lawnmower. Okay.

Gotcha. Yeah. And like, how do you guys, yeah.

Tell me a little bit more about how this marketing strategy developed. Cause certainly like, you know, uh, I think everyone is familiar with the dollar shave club, like, uh, like, uh, commercial or video initial video that really launched that brand and how spectacularly successful it was. You know how Michael Dubin saying you don't need Roger Federer to endorse your razor blade.

Why are you paying Roger Federer to shave? Um, how did you guys get started in terms of your marketing strategy? So, you know, we, we first started to be, we knew that this is something that was good for men, right?

It, it, it helped with being, you know, it's, it's hygienic and it's cleanliness. Right. So we started off, um, with messaging in that way.

Like dudes, you guys should do this because, um, you know, it's good for you. You know, you'll feel better. Um, and none of that, none of that resonated.

Right. Um, how long did you try that type of marketing for that was like more serious and less cheeky? Um, probably for three months.

Okay. And how much money did you have to spend in those three months to be like, this isn't working out? If you had to ballpark it, what is it?

$10,000 or a hundred thousand dollars? No, I think we've spent probably $50,000 on marketing to realize that that, that, that didn't work. Um, and then, um, yeah.

So then tell me about the evolution. Then what happened? Yeah.

So then, you know, being scientific, no, it just didn't gravitate to anyone. You know? So then we, so we, we just, we basically changed gears and say, you know, like we, we knew, um, that there was a market for this and there was white space.

We knew that we had, we had to crack it and figure out how to communicate with men because communicating like in my past, I've, I've, I've had startups that, uh, focus primarily on women, uh, in skincare. Right. And, um, and perfumes and colognes and, you know, um, even in sass and other things, right.

But, but we needed to understand that we had to get to that tipping point of understanding how to communicate with men, um, in this way. And we realized that, you know, dudes aren't talking about this. Like they don't stand around the water cooler and be like, Hey, um, your hair looks so great today.

What'd you use? Was it a volumizer? Like what kind of conditioner are you using?

Dudes don't do that. Right. Um, they don't talk about skincare.

They don't talk about deodorants or hygiene. Right. Um, but they'll talk about funny things, right.

Things that were hilarious that, um, that, um, that entertains them. So then we started creating our first video. I remember, um, was a video because it was towards the end of the year and we had produced this video of, uh, of Santa Claus, um, trimming.

So, um, uh, it was in, it was, it was in an apartment and, uh, Ryan Fiore, our, our, um, VP of marketing was the one that actually dressed up as Santa. Uh huh. And he's got his Santa pants down on his ankles and the camera is just panning and it looks like snow falling down.

Right. And then as you pan out, you see Santa's legs. Um, and, and that's, as it's snowing, you hear this like buzzing sound.

I was like, eh, eh. Yeah. So you're like, Oh, it's, it's kind of snowing indoors because it was like in, inside, inside on, um, a house.

So as you're, you know, and then we had another person was like, um, you know, it's like, um, it's kind of snowing indoors because it was like inside, inside, inside on, um, a house. So as you're, you know, and then we had another person was like, um, Um, uh, Catherine was, was sprinkling, um, you know, the, these fake white hairs that, uh, on, onto the ground. And we were, we were pulling back the camera that was panning back and panning out and you can see Santa's legs.

Um, so that, that was the, that was kind of the first video that we, that we shot. That was the first time you moved from like, uh, was that the first like move you had towards the cheeky sense of humor from being serious about like, Hey, this is good for you. It's going to make you feel better.

Yeah, that was, that was the first one. Okay. Um, let, let me talk a little bit more about the 50,000 you spent where that didn't work well.

Where did you end up spending that 50,000 over those like three months to be like, let's test to see if this, um, you know, if this concept has any legs. Cause you know, you have a product that, you know, consumers want, you're trying to find the right marketing channels and the right marketing, you know, messaging, um, to go out with that. Um, to go out with that, that marketing messaging is what's failing.

Where did you spend that $50,000? Look, I think, I think this answer is going to be kind of a de facto answer across many, many startups, especially in the early days. You spend it on Facebook and you spend it on Google and that is just the reality.

Yeah. But what I, what, what I do want to say about that is like all you entrepreneurs out there don't, don't get a false sense of confidence that you are, your cap is so low. Um, you know, that you're, you're doing so well on Facebook that this is going to scale infinitely, you know, cause you start running those numbers, right?

You're like on Facebook, like, Oh man, my cap is 20 bucks. Um, if I, if I dumped, you know, $200 million into marketing, I wouldn't make this much. Yes.

There doesn't work that way. It doesn't work that way. There is a Facebook and a Google wall.

Um, and I'll use it to a different Facebook, uh, ceiling. You're going to hit that ceiling and it's going to hurt. Um, and a lot of, a lot of entrepreneurs need to realize that early on.

We were really fortunate that we realized that early on. Um, cause you gotta think about it. Facebook is really, really good at targeting.

I mean, Facebook and Google, these guys are data powerhouses. They know how to target and find the right buyers for you. But there's, if you're, if you're market, if your total addressable market is this big.

Yeah. Right. You're, you're going to hit that ceiling pretty quickly.

You know? So you have to really think about how to broaden your product appeal. Um, and into, to make sure that you are addressing a very large total addressable market.

Like your addressable market, like eventually you're going to have to market to men or women or both. Like if you're, if you're still doing like fine tune targeting, you know, looking lights and you're trying to extract every value. You value that's that's you can't steal it.

I think that I look, I, I, what you said definitely has a ton of, uh, is, is absolutely correct. Like, uh, at native, you know, um, we saw a $2 CAC in 2015, a $4 CAC in 2016, a $650 CAC in 2017. Uh, so one, even looking at that $2 CAC, it basically more than tripled over the course of two years.

But, and we saw those, like there were multiple ceilings. We got to, there was a ceiling at $200,000. There was a ceiling at $500,000.

There was a much denser ceiling at a million dollars. Uh, and trying to push against those ceilings took a lot of time and a lot of effort and a lot of like right messaging. And you're absolutely right from an audience targeting perspective as well.

Like lookalike audiences absolutely crushed it for us for a really long period of time until we hit one of those ceilings. Like, you know, we use the lookalike audience of 1%, which looked like, you know, 2 million people. Um, and then, uh, you know, you start expanding that to 2% and 3%.

And then all of a sudden lookalikes don't work anymore. And then you, at some point you're just like, I'm targeting all women. And then you're like, I'm targeting all humans that exist on earth now.

You have to. Because in reality, like, not everyone is gonna buy something when they see a Facebook ad, right? Like, uh, you know, Facebook does a great job of segmenting their audiences.

Like, you know, they have, let's say they have 300 million people in the United States. Something like 80% of the people that are on Facebook generally won't click ads and make a purchase from it. And so everybody is competing for those 20% of people who do buy things online.

And so you're, even if your total addressable market is this big, in reality online, it's this big because, uh, you know, there's just fewer people buying things that are online. Absolutely. Absolutely.

You gotta get to, if you want to build a truly scalable business, you gotta eventually figure out how to get off of platforms. You gotta be able to get off of online. I mean, online should, is always a part of your marketing mix, your marketing strategy, right?

But it should never be a hundred percent. Like it, as soon as you can, you know, you gotta, you're gonna go through withdrawal symptoms of getting off platforms, but you gotta start diversifying your, your, your, your, your, your, your marketing. Or it's just never going to scale.

Like for us, we're, we're everywhere now. We, we, we have figured out how to, and this is where we're very fortunate. We have a really talented marketing team, you know, but we got off of Facebook and Google probably last year.

And when I say off, I mean, we really diversified from it. Yeah. One of the, one of our big channels is still, is still YouTube, right?

Um, because a lot of people spend their time there. Um, we're one of the biggest spenders on Hulu, where we have a massive TV budget. Um, UFC sponsorship.

I mean, we spawned to the UFC, um, where we haven't really announced it yet, but we're going to be the, one of the exclusive. Sponsors of the San Francisco 49ers. Um, you know, so.

Wow. What does that mean? If you're an exclusive sponsor for the 49ers, what does that mean?

That means that I think that next year, when you go to Levi's stadium and you go into any of the bathrooms, you're going to see our, um, our signage on top of all the urinals. Um, that's going to be, I mean, the great thing is that's what we, those are some things we craft, right? It's like, yeah.

How many, how many companies out there can actually buy that ad, uh, the ad unit, right? Like, like who, who's going to buy the ad unit? Like Apple's not going to buy ad unit on top of a urinal, right?

Yeah. But it fits so well for us and it fits our cheeky tone that it, that it works for us. Right?

So like, what are you doing right there? You, you're like, you, you're thinking about it. Right?

So, you know, when we, when you see an ad that says, has a finger point down with the Trevor and says, got Bush. You're like, you know, you're standing right there. You can kind of evaluate and think about that.

Uh, okay. I want to talk much more about this. Uh, I want to talk a little bit about the past as well, but before we get off this topic, how much ballpark the cost to me for San Francisco 49ers sponsorship.

Is it six figures or seven figures or five figures? Oh, it's definitely not five figures. Yeah, I know.

It's, I can't imagine it's five figures. So give me a ballpark because you know, like, um, I'll, let me give you a couple of examples. You know, we interviewed Kara from Hint Water, uh, like a couple of weeks ago.

And she told, she told me how she bought a Super Bowl commercial for under $1 million. We interviewed Andrew, who's the CEO of this company called hymns, which is like a, you know, men's sexual wellness company. Um, and he bought urinals over the, um, you know, over giant stadium.

Uh, give me an idea of what, like, just ballpark the cost for me. You don't need to give me the exact number. Is it high six figures, low six figures, mid six figures?

Is it seven figures? Give me some, you know, at native, we were running, uh, you know, a very lean budget. But by the end, by, by the time we were, you know, doing over a hundred million dollars, we had a pretty, uh, sizable marketing budget.

We were spending money on TV ads on billboards in New York city. We spent, we're going to spend a million dollars in 2020, or we were going to before COVID really hit, uh, on billboard. I'm sorry, on subway ads in New York city in 2020.

Um, and you know, that included like station takeovers, which cost like a low, very low six figures. And that included some, uh, you know, photos and subway trains, which costs like about $40,000. What is a 49ers exclusive sponsorship?

Get you, are you going to go, are you going to, do you have a booth? Are you going to go to games and give me the price or give me a ballpark of the price? Uh, I would say it's, um, you know, it's, it's in the six figures.

Um, not, not, not two to seven figures yet, but definitely in the six figures. Okay. And does it include a bunch of tickets or am I going to see you at a bunch of 49ers games?

Yeah. I mean, the 49ers are just a phenomenal team management wise. They're so awesome.

Um, we got to go to the Superbowl with them. Um, we were the NFC playoffs in, you know, in, in their box. It was, uh, okay.

Fantastic. Um, okay. Let's go, let's, um, rewind a little bit and go back to the Santa Claus commercial.

So you guys have, you know, it's been three months, the seriousness, it wasn't working. You were spending on Facebook and Google burned $50,000. Didn't love what happened.

You've sort of pivoted. Now, um, you're running this Santa Claus commercial, uh, or like you, you've got the Santa Claus video. What do you do with it?

You're like, you know, it's really funny. It's cheeky. It's super interesting that it's time relevant.

Cause it's winter. Nobody's ever heard of Santa Claus trimming his pubes, but that's really funny. Uh, what hap, what do you do with that commercial?

And when do you realize that cheeky sense of humor makes sense? Yeah. So I would, I would answer that in, in two parts.

So the, the, the first, the first part is, um, you, once again, you run it on Facebook and Google, right? That's, that's the first thing. So you, so you, you, you run it on, you, you run it on, on, on Facebook, you run it on YouTube.

Um, and what you're, what you're tracking for at that time is how am I, how much am I paying per CPM and per click? Right. Like what am I, what am I, what is it costing you to deliver traffic to the website?

Yeah. Right. And then, and then when, when they get to the website, then you, then now you're, you're, you know, you have to make sure that you're really observant and performing a lot of convergent rate optimization, right?

You got to make sure that you're, you're that lead closes when they get to the site, right? You present them with the right offer. Um, so the first part of me answering your question is, yeah, we've got that video.

We're testing, we're running it on, on Facebook, we're running it on YouTube. And, um, and we're, we're tracking how much it's costing us. And remember at that time, we weren't broad yet.

We're still like, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna advertise to men. That's 18 to 25. It's gonna run this video with this call to action.

And then there's, you know, we're running 35 to 40 with this video or this different call to action. And then it's all gonna drive to the website. So then, you know, then of course you're calculating, what are my CPMs?

What are my CPAs? Um, and more importantly, my, my, my CPCs. And then, and then when they get to the site, that's when you really start doing a lot of work, like, like offer testing.

Like, what, what do I need to offer? What do I need to say? Um, because early days, really, really early days, what you, what you're looking for is what you're looking for are signals, right?

And you have to be really in tune with your entire marketing strategy to understand these signals, right? And what I mean by signals is early on, I set up three, three pillars of what, what is important to our male audience. And this is very early on, right?

Um, it, it, it was, you know, when, when you trim the bush, the tree stands taller, right? That was, that was an important motivation factor for them. Yeah.

Right. Um, use the right tools for the job. Right.

So if you're gonna, if you're gonna do this, don't hurt yourself. Yeah. Because like that, that was a really important marketing message that really got them, uh, that really got you to understand it.

So we could, we distilled down, you know, this really big concept of don't, hey guys, don't cut yourself. Cause that's crude to say. Right.

So it, it, it really just became, if, you know, use the right tools for the job. Right. So when you trim the hedges, the tree stands taller, it tells you, okay, well then that, that works, right.

You, you kind of equate and you kind of understand that there's a, there's a benefit. Right. And I think it's, you know, we, you know, I think it's an important brand that encompasses, um, you know, masculinity and, um, empowerment for men.

We didn't want to just be a growing, a growing business, right? That was, that was never, that was never our intention. Um, we wanted to empower men.

Uh, but to get there, we had to figure out what, what, what we, what men were receptive to. Right. So that's where that, you know, if you trim the bushes, the tree stands taller.

men got that right away right they got they got why they should do that and how they would and receive this power it's not this power we receive this feeling of um empowerment right um and then after that it was it was all about use the right tools for the job because you don't don't cut yourself don't hurt yourself but that was that was the that was the big learning that that cost probably 200 000 quarter of a million to really learn um and it's it's really kind of philosophical when you talk about marketing in this way you know but like to spend that much money just to learn these two key things um and most people like a lot of people like they are not marketers they're not they're not they're not really in tune with um with their audience that might just pass them you know like then they'll be like oh i didn't really get that but we tested a lot of marketing message and realized that that those two things combined together really resonated really got meant to understand why you should do this the need and why you should use dedicated tools that we created um to solve this problem so i think any any startup i think any startup trying to build a brand and not just like a sas platform where you're just selling utility right your sas platform you're selling utility this you know we solve your problem like this right but to really build a brand in the cpg a highly competitive cpg space you have to distill your marketing message to be so fine-tuned um that that it really resonates with a broad audience so you tested um can you give me the examples of so so the two that worked were you know uh tree stands taller use the right tools for the job what were some of the marketing messages you thought might work and ended up not working do you remember any of those uh i can't remember there were so many um we we had like we had a a bunch that um that there was i think it was like 10 on that made it to the short list of um of you know it was like you know you know fuel feel fresher or something like that right it was one it was one of them um you know um you know make sure you're clean and ready all the time and it was like it was a bunch of different um um along that vein um but it just didn't resonate you know it was just like it it just didn't click with with dudes um and and that's what you're searching for us as marketers trying to market any product that's what you're searching for you're searching for the with this how to sell your product in one simple statement to under puts out your audience understands it and sees the need instantly yeah uh so you spend two hundred thousand dollars sort of testing that messaging on facebook and google you know yeah i really liked what you said earlier which was uh once you get people to your website you have to like optimize offers as well i feel like too often people are like great what is my cpa and my cpa is what is how's my how good is my facebook ad and what they don't look at is how good is my landing page uh am i convincing people once they get to my landing page that they should buy this product that it's a good value and that they should buy it now and not two weeks from now uh and i feel like um they're you know those are two sides of the same coin and both are going to dramatically impact cpa right like you can say hey tree stands taller um on your facebook ad and like you know the flip side of that coin the landing page can be use the right tools for the job but if a landing page is like buy this uh trimmer because you know your your balls aren't the same as your face it could be a very different uh type of cpa yeah i think a lot of entrepreneurs um and it's that see that that's that's where i go back to you know it's it's difficult to it's difficult to hire an agency unless you got a lot of a lot of money right and you know your venture funded uh and that you know we weren't at that time um you know and so it wasn't unless you had a lot of money you wouldn't be able to buy enough time of an agency to actually come up with these things you know too so if you if you're an entrepreneur and you think you have a really phenomenal product you spent years building this product like i would say take that take that leap like don't be shy because in my core like half of my career i was technologist like i i didn't i didn't do cpg you know i i wasn't i wasn't a branding guy i wasn't a marketer i was i was a technologist i built sas platforms and software so i would say that don't be shy take that risk and and do the marketing yourself because you're the only one that really understands the value of your product like to try to communicate that with an agency and it's it's gonna it's gonna it it's really really hit or miss unless you've got a lot of money and you're and you're paying for a lot of their time it just it just i have seen it um not work out very well i couldn't agree more uh when we were when native was growing the entire time we were an independent company i ran all paid ads uh after we sold the business i still ran paid ads until probably like six months ago or something to that effect or like you know maybe eight months ago at this point because i was just like um this is the backbone of the business this is how we're growing this is one of the reasons we're growing very quickly and i don't want to outsource that to somebody else who you know by necessity like you know is is an agency by definition and there will be agency costs as a result of that they won't care as much they don't care about the business they won't be looking at the metrics as quickly as i am or as frequently as i am and they won't be iterating on different tests on messages like if this is a skill that i have if this is a skill that's important to the company i should get good at this skill or i should at least understand this skill um and so like you know one of the things that you mentioned was you need a lot of money in order to hire these agencies in order like you know to get them to do good work uh going back to what you guys did you guys spent fifty thousand dollars and it didn't really work out with the serious messaging two hundred thousand dollars and you realized what messaging did work how were you able to afford this stuff because early on you were bootstrapped yeah i mean we were bootstrapped for and we grew organically for a very very long time um and how we were you know with through prior successes you know you gotta you gotta you gotta gamble and um and and reinvest you know i i that's the i would think that's the best way to um to talk about it and you know fundraising and and and spending investor dollars it has its it has its price there's there is a there's a cost to that right um and i think i think very often that um gets overshadowed by the glitz and glamour of fundraising and closing around um and that's where i would i would advise entrepreneurs that you know closing because right now when you read the news right like every closes around and everyone's cheering there's a lot of pr around it it's like dude that's just the beginning like you don't know how much those investors are gonna be on your ass all the time um you know how to spend that money and then you get into a point where um you're starting to spend frivolously you know it's like i i guarantee you if we had a million dollars in the bank we wouldn't have spent two hundred thousand dollars we would have spent half a million testing yeah right you so i think it's it's a cynical trap to raise money way too early um because number one that's when you lose the most amount of the most of your company right it's early on most dilution yeah the most amount of dilution you look back and like oh my god that was crazy right but then like it makes you it makes you not as strict with with yourself and and with your budget um absolutely i couldn't agree more with all that um you know we raised like fifty thousand dollars and it was a great sign that we were onto a successful business we raised that native we raised fifty thousand dollars at like a five million dollar valuation probably four months into the business and then another 250k maybe within the first year um and those were you know the reason that i did that early on um the business was working i wasn't like in reality we didn't even need that 250k i was just like i want to make sure that there's external validation that what i'm doing here is right uh i think that was the primary reason and the secondary reason was that i was like i'm in san francisco and this is what everyone here does everyone raises money is a sign of success there's this great tweet i saw i don't remember who tweeted it and someone's like raise 10 million dollars and you get invited to every party in san francisco sell your business and make 10 million dollars crickets like uh people somehow celebrate the fundraising more than they do actually the successful exits which doesn't make any sense what what scale were you at when you did raise your first few checks um and uh you know i i want to make sure there's some disclosure here i was one of those checks at some point um what scale were you at when you raised those uh first few checks well those first few checks we i mean we were we were beyond the eight figures right when by the time we raised those those first few checks and they were when you say you were beyond eight figures you mean you were like north of 10 million dollars not north of 100 million dollars correct okay yeah um and those and those few checks the you know the impetus behind those was to bring on talent like yourself right i mean we we we called it a a sweetheart round um or sweetheart note because we wanted to bring on amazing talent so there weren't any vcs in in that note it was it was everyone that was pretty much hand selected from a group of friends you know so like like yourself like nick from thrive and like from this amazing uh individuals um that could really contribute to to the business that can have the experience um and and then and that we wanted to actually call and talk to you you know like we'll call i'll call you when you're in china and we'll talk about things you know so yeah um um you know so that that's that was the uh that was the reason why we we we raised and it wasn't because of need and has that been helpful um you know we raised money uh we raised five hundred thousand dollars at native um about half the investors i would say were really helpful like uh people that i could call and be like hey this is a problem i'm having have you had it before you know we uh like nick was the first episode of this podcast he actually helped me with a bunch of trademarks stuff or he at least made me think about trademark stuff early on um there were there was a one of our investors was uh an executive of facebook who was really helpful to help like helping us just get access to the right people at facebook that we needed um another was just like a calming voice who you know was a vc and had sort of seen a bunch of things happen in san francisco and so it was like uh when i called him up he's like his name's paul ferris from azure and he's like hey boys uh this is how to think about things you're panicking too much have the investors that you sort of let in those uh sweethearts have those sweethearts been helpful i was yeah absolutely and i think you you nailed it on the head with about 50 percent it's like about even even when you hand select these guys this group of investors like everyone's got their own lives right everyone has their own focus so of everyone you hand select only 50 will be really valuable so imagine if you don't hand select them and it's just a group of a bunch of different people like the value out of that will be dramatically lower right so um yeah 50 i can call any time and and i i i want to say this you know you got to manage expectations right everyone's got their own lives everyone's got their own jobs right just because they invest in your company doesn't mean that you have you know 10 hours a week of their time right you're gonna manage expectations right so it's really key decisions hey i'm going through this um what do you think you know you don't need manufacturers in here whatever it's like send out broad email and um you know hey anybody can help me with connecting with this person that person that's where you can get really rapid responses and and they can be really helpful yeah um okay let's do a little bit of fast forwarding you've raised this money from a bunch of sweethearts including myself you've uh spent 200 250 000 on facebook and google with the santa claus commercial and you're like okay i'm not going to talk about anything i'm not going to be i'm going to be less serious and be more cheeky with my humor because that's what's resonating with consumers um at what point do you start getting off facebook and google like you know i think the most uh one of the most impressive things i found about manscaped is the diversity of channel acquisition like youtube is a really hard channel for people to scale uh so like you know hulu we've tried on hulu like native has been on hulu ads wasn't nearly as successful as you guys um how do you guys test how do you guys well first uh first help me understand your largest channels of customer acquisition is it youtube is it still facebook or like what is the largest channel still well it it depends um i mean facebook and google is still a very large channel and between i mean between youtube if you do i'm not i'm not youtube google and and facebook is a large channel right because facebook uh encompasses both of their assets with facebook and instagram is very very large channel because can't forget about instagram everyone talks about facebook sure but instagram is a huge channel so that's where a lot of spend goes um you know the other spend is on on google of course there's adwords right there's gdn there is so many different ad units and you guys have like most you know startup um entrepreneurs have even haven't even considered right on on the google platform and then there's youtube which drives a tremendous amount of traffic and that's like i should say tremendous amounts of views not necessarily traffic okay because um there's so much inventory on youtube it's just it's so hard to crack like youtube is so hard to crack um okay let me ask you in a different way if you had to choose if all of these channels were going to be regulated by the ftc and all of them were going to be shut down except one which one would you want to continue to exist it depends on when it depends on when right now i would say google today yeah you'd say what you'd say which today would google okay uh and then help me understand a little bit more about youtube are you guys doing pre-roll ads or are you guys doing like influencer based ads on youtube we're doing pre-roll ads we're doing influencer ads we're doing um user generated content um we're doing i mean we signed we have a a team of five in our influencer department and all they do is work with influencers um so it gets to a point where you have to keep grinding and there's a tipping point where you're like everything starts to gel because all these channels lift everything right like you can't you can't just be on facebook and be successful you got to be on facebook on google and hulu on everything else to actually to actually scale massively um so we realized that on very very early on so this year is a big push for us to kind of be be be everywhere including billboards um and we got like we got 20 billboards out there now um you know urinal ads and ufc fights we were on the conor mcgregor fight we had a car in nascar so wow yeah uh so so tell me how you structure your team to handle all that then do you guys have like is is one person that's working on youtube also working on instagram or is there somebody who's dedicated to youtube somebody who's dedicated to ufc fights and somebody who's dedicated to nascar um so there there is there's an out of home um director um joey kovac he's just phenomenal um and you you really i i think the way that to answer your the first part of your question is how do you structure um you got to find the best people the best people will bring in the best people will bring in the best people you know so it's so important as as an entrepreneur um to to build the team right when you're the one of your primary jobs as a ceo is to build the team right to lead the vision and build the team so bringing in your your the right generals the right key people in the leadership team will automatically start to bring in the right people on the next layer right yeah so um you know ryan and i have been working together ryan as our vp of marketing has been working together for almost a decade now he brought in joey kovac which is phenomenal um joey you know did a lot of the marketing for movement before they exited from from the ground up um then he brought in nate singer um to to hit to handle google uh and youtube and then we brought in natalie hoppin to handle uh radio um so and then she was phenomenal um she got us on um howard stern and all these you know all these amazing uh podcasts um and then and then they brought in lauren on the market and and lauren does all of the influencers build up the influencer team so it sounds like you have um directors for each channel though as opposed like you know you have a youtube somebody who manages youtube somebody who manages out of home somebody who manages instagram and facebook and that's sort of how you structured it under a vp of marketing correct and then i would for a startup though but for a startup though i don't want to i don't want you to think that that's how that's what you need to start right you don't need that to start you got to do everything on your own right like in the beginning like ryan and i were on youtube every single day like clicking through refreshing like a thousand times a day to see metrics right that's how you start and then when you when you reach critical mass that's when you bring in someone to handle when you go on and you pioneer the next channel yeah i think that's a great uh thing to mention like i feel like a lot of people want to be like want to be in seven different marketing channels when they launch their business and it's hard to be an expert you know i've rarely met people who are good at facebook and google ads um and people are like yeah i'm gonna try and run facebook google snap pinterest and tiktok ads when i launch my business and i'm like you're not going to be able to measure like you're going to forget everything that you've ever done by the time you're looking at tiktok ads you know which is your fifth channel today uh you're going to forget what your facebook ads look like and so it's really hard to be a master of so many channels right out of the gate you know i'm a big fan of sort of going deep on one or two channels or three if you are able to um and becoming a master of those and then hiring people once you're sort of able to uh once you understand the metrics behind those and you've built some sort of critical mass and know how to like you you know you understand the next three to four months of the trajectory of that channel you got to master you got to master before you move on yeah absolutely um and then how do you think about budgets when you're doing this so is there like a quarterly meeting for budgets or an annual meeting for budgets where you're like okay uh influencer team you get 12 of our budget radio team you get 10 of our budget how do you guys think or are you like sort of like you know what influencers we're willing to spend up to 30 cash spend as much as you can until you hit 30 you know how do you think about that i mean now we are i mean to be to be to be honest now we are right like we're we're much more um systematic now we're much more organized but the first two years let's let's be honest nobody gets set budgets in the first two years you're still learning so much you're still growing so much and it's still so fluid that like you know dude we just we just launched this channel with this video the the cpa is so well gotta go balls out right yeah and that's the only thing that matters over the course of the next eight weeks is this channel everyone else be quiet this is the channel that's gonna make our business now yeah yeah and so so you know i don't want to i want to make sure that the listeners are and the entrepreneurs out there don't get a you know don't think that you need to have budgets in place on that you know in the early days you just got to make it work that's all you gotta do you gotta make it work that's all you gotta focus on yeah in the early days it's always audibles right like every day is a new fire that you have to put out and the rare days where you don't have fires and can sort of focus on marketing channels you got to go with just what's working and not like and not dogma you can't be like you know what facebook work or like you know youtube work for paul at manscaped i'm gonna spend money on you know people come up to me and they're like hey facebook work for you guys i'm how how should i get facebook to work for me and i'm like look facebook worked for us it like you know it will work for us almost certainly will not work for you we had a specific use case you know we were on there at a different time than facebook is today and like um you know we were spending a lot of resources on facebook for you guys the content that you have and the cheeky humor is much more amenable to video than it may be to like a quick mobile uh you know photo and so um it's just a different channel that works and like people cannot get caught up on the dogma of others they have to call audibles when they get to the line see what's working and spend their time and resources there absolutely what did you guys like um fail at so like you know certainly you it sounds you know and maybe it's a bad maybe fails a bad word uh you know at native we failed at a ton of stuff operations for a really long time until we hired a stellar operations person um finance forever uh what did you guys fail at like you know certainly like not doing the cheeky marketing was tough did you guys have operational supply issues because these things can't be easy to make it's not like you're you know um with deodorant you want to make more you probably can do it in like you know a week uh like you need a week of heads up maybe two weeks these are you know hardware components uh that cannot be made in a day or two days it's not mixing ingredients together well i mean some of your products are but a lot of them aren't uh you know what were the things that you guys struggled with to make uh the business a success absolutely right so i mean i'll answer in a kind of an all-encompassing way like if you if you're in software and sass then you don't have to worry about you know making stuff right you're you gotta you gotta worry about them having enough servers but now there's clouds you know we don't have to worry about that anymore either right so that's why software is so can be so lucrative if you get the right wind um but but for hard and physical products and operation supply chain you know it it's it's a lot of work so if you're gonna ask me i'm exactly with you like we failed at operations um it we failed multiple times at operations meaning what was one of the give me an example of a disaster you guys had disaster so or like one of the things that you failed at in operations specifically yeah so we had we were on the run rate we had projected uh inventory for the entire q1 right we bought it we have it in stock it was november we're like well we're good and we bought so much inventory or like we're good for the next quarter this is november and we're like we're good until we're good until april and that's that's how much inventory we had by december 16th it sold sold out all inventory and we're like oh crap it was it was crazy you know like everyone and our families were in the warehouse packing new like new inventory to send out um so that was definitely a failure failure you know so we we we we we ship late to our customers which means um you know they they weren't happy with us that that means that's a fail for us that we want to delight our customers all the time um and you know that that really that that sucked and that that that didn't go away by the way like that that happens all the time all the time like when you're scaling um you can never predict how um it like like how it stirred would do would do a you know a read things would things would just pop and um you know influencers would do would do would launch their videos things would just pop and it was just it's just really difficult to manage all the channels because now we we we're all new channel right so we're not just a subscription we're not just a d2c company where you know we got amazon we got d2c we got international and we got retail so now we're working with you know a lot of all of our retail partners you're you're planning with them months and months like retail is a different beast it's not d2c you're planning a year in advance at all times yeah i think i uh i didn't understand how hard it would be until native got into retail like you know we scaled we had the same opera problems you did in terms of like running out of inventory in 2015 we were making 500 units of deodorant a week by 2017 we were making 21 000 units a day and we were still like uh selling out like uh you know if you bought your deodorant on a thursday it was either made the day before the day after it was like it's not like we had a lot of inventory but once you sell it to target and walmart and like large brick and mortar stores you know their their first order could be you know five three hundred thousand units or twenty thousand fifty thousand units and all of a sudden the just-in-time inventory that you had always been reliant on is no longer sustainable yeah absolutely it gets it gets really difficult as as your skew starts to expand also yeah yeah so tell me about some of the retailers that you guys are in you guys are in target today any other retailers we're in target um best buy and we're really going to focus on target and best buy because we feel that that's where um our audience lives you know we have a lot of great um retail partners um but we're gonna uh for for the time being at least for 2020 we're really going to focus on target and best buy and is um does your online site make up the majority of your sales or do target and best buy make up the majority of your sales um no d2c uh web ecommerce makes up the majority of our sales and is there like cyclicality to the business you know uh it's really interesting that you said by december 16th you had sort of sold out i imagine that people are buying this product for christmas is there another bump in sales for instance right before valentine's day um yeah valentine's day father's day any gift giving holiday we see above yeah because that's when women buy as gifts for men and then of course holidays right that's when we women really buy as gifts for men but then men are also spending on themselves so um q4 is definitely huge just any other e-commerce company q4 is huge for everybody yeah i well i mean the q4 is like for native it was actually probably one of the worst quarters in part because like deodor you tend to wear more deodorant in the summer when it's hotter out uh as opposed to the winter when it's cold out and you know some people give deodorant as gifts in fact a lot of people do a lot more than i suspected but like you know if i gave you a deodorant as a gift i think you'd be like well this is nice but like okay this is like a pretty mediocre gift i mean if i give you a package of manscaped it'd be very different product like you know it's obviously a higher price point and a great like um a much nicer gift i wonder if men ever accuse like men who get this as a gift from their female partners i wonder if they ever accuse them of being like this is a gift for yourself like when i buy lingerie for you it's a gift for me this is a gift for yourself you know we haven't pulled our we haven't pulled our customers but yeah that that that might be the case um but we have a lot of you know unboxing experience that people uh unboxing reactions on on uh instagram and tick tock it's been pretty fun yeah did you work your way up when it came to influencer advertising did you start at like micro influencers and work your way up to like you know a-list celebrities or were you like you know what let's go big right out of the gate and get the kim kardashians or tom brady's of the world to try this product you know we we still haven't gone with celebrities and we have not tapped any celebrities yet so we're um we're talking but we went we went with um amazing influencers so what our first influencer that we ever brought on was jose uh zubiga uh teaching men's fashion um he's phenomenal the dude is the dude knows his stuff um he's um you know yes he really knows men's hygiene and grooming um and so we tapped him as one of our first influencers and we still work very closely with him to this day so so i guess like was your budget right away going after uh maybe the celebrity is a bad example was your budget right away sort of saying hey let's put ten thousand or fifty thousand or a hundred thousand dollars to test among different influencers to see what works and what doesn't or were you like i'm ready to go with an influencer that has 500 000 people that may not be an a-list celebrity but it's certainly a large instagram celebrity so you know but i i think if you're going to test the influencer market testing micro influencers will give you a really bad data um because it just there's just not enough reach right yeah you got it you got to test with enough reach to have um it's like your sampling right though the more data you have the better the better results the better data you better the better you can conclude on your data right so you know i think i think at that time jose had like four million followers or on on youtube and yeah that was that was the that was the right amount for us to really do a good test wow all right so you're looking for guys who already like rather large on youtube but before you uh spend money there is that still the case are you still sort of focusing on those people that have a million plus or are you willing to go down now to people who have ten thousand plus for subscribers now it's now our our influencer team evaluates each influencer potential influencer partner and we what we evaluate for primarily is authenticity like like if you if you've got thirty thousand followers or thirty thousand fans or whatever that is you know uh on each of these different platforms and in your instagram all you're doing is pushing product you're not the right influencer for us yeah you know we we want you to actually test our product um you know really use it and be a fan of it right because that authenticity comes out because we as a brand really value our authenticity we want to have a really authentic voice um and that's that's really important to our brand and so how do female influencers sort of uh project that authenticity is it sort of talking about um you know their partners or how do female uh you know users project that authenticity well it it depends usually it's um the way that they the way that they do is it depends on which platform right so on on instagram they're just taking pictures of it as as endorsing it um and many times they're taking pictures with a partner as like you know you guys because instagram is a very photo based um you know platform whereas on youtube um it's mostly couples right it's it's the if it's if it's a a woman instagram or a female instagram they would be they would pair up with their partner right and and and talk about the product um because there's so many ways you can talk about this product right men can talk about how great it is how it doesn't hurt you how it's the right tool for the job right and how how how much how much better it makes them feel um women talk about it as hey you know you give this to your men um and it makes them feel much better it makes you like it more and you know so yeah sure we leave it up to them to kind of put their own spin on it gotcha um okay you know uh we're almost out of time so i just want to ask a couple more questions you know the business has changed dramatically since you went from that serious advertising and it was you and ryan sort of refreshing youtube to today um you know you're sponsoring for uh the nfl teams and nascar teams and that's pretty amazing where is it like uh what is your goal with a business i think that like um you know uh do you want to work here for 20 years is there an exit strategy in the net like you know within five years or like what like where do you want to go with the business you know this is like the business that you've created is right in the wheelhouse of a lot of cpg companies right um it's almost like uh like there's a lot of competition for the gilets of the world from the harry's and dollar shave clubs of the world this is going up this is like in the same industry but going after a very different type of category or niche um and you're uniquely positioned and sort of one of the few companies in that space what do you want to do yeah the way that we think about that is um we don't we never like i personally never create or build a business um for the sole purpose of of exiting uh with with that in mind um i just feel like if you if you create a successful business that transcends you know fads or um you know that that can be multi-generational that's a potentially multi multi-generational um then then you know the potential acquirers just come it's it's natural um so that's kind of how we that's kind of how we think about it let's build a really successful business and so when we when you look at back at in the last 40 50 years um there aren't many brands that are able to um be multi-generation multi-generational right i mean you look at like head and shoulders they've sure generations upon generations right gillette generations upon generations uh pantene there aren't that many brands are able to actually do that you've mentioned all procter and gamble brands they're gonna love that um no i mean there's a whole bunch right there's there's um there's um there's a lot of unilever brands also right um but there there's there's there's not that many that actually have the unit economics to be able to to transcend what what i mean by that is it's it costs a lot of money it costs a lot of money to build a brand it is really expensive to build a brand and if you're trying to sell a shampoo in which you know at retail and you're trying to build a business that way there's no way you have enough margin to actually build a brand right because you don't want to take 20 35 20 30 years to build a brand right sure you want you want to be able to spend 50 million dollars on marketing right or and then grow that to 100 million dollars on marketing for five years six years right and really have a global brand and then and then then you start harvesting i mean that's that's that's kind of how we see it right you have to spend the money up front you have to you have to pay your dues right and and build that brand really understand your audience build create amazing products within those five to six seven years and then after that you can really start harvesting um so that's kind of how we see building a brand we we believe that with our unit economics um because i mean this we we recoup the crack on the first time sale so beyond anything else um many you're profitable on first unit sale we're profitable first unit sale so we're able to recycle that cash very very quickly um so that's how we've been able to scale so quickly without any institutional funding right so um and i think there's not that many companies that are able to do that uh and there's virtually no companies that are able to do that especially that like you know there's companies that are able to do that to get to four or five million dollars in revenue virtually no companies are able to do that at the at 50 million dollars in revenue that's why the aways and all birds of the world have raised capital yeah yeah we're we're very fortunate that we you know we're able to get you know beyond nine figures in yeah in in revenue without institutional capital and and you know to have that kind of unit economics so that allows us so we believe that that really helps us um you know be multi-generational we're going to grow this thing um we're launching internationally so we we're already in australia canada uk probably all of europe um you know and within the next three to five years be a truly global brand um and then it's you know it's all for harvesting um yeah let's but what's really interesting beyond that is the way that we think about is we're purely incremental boys you know there's there's no portfolio company in groin care like we're probably the last frontier in male grooming agreed yeah it's it's really amazing when like um it's not like you're competing with gillette you're in the same category and we're a png and acquirer of manscaped you would sit within their grooming category likely but like uh it's not like you're cannibalizing gillette sales exactly you know we if anything we can we can help it right we're we're truly incremental to the top line revenue right and if you look at men's um men's hygiene in general it's definitely growing but it's not growing as fast as our category yeah yeah and not only is it growing like i mean your category is primarily growing because of you i think that like um you know people rarely realize that like when native launched into target we grew their deodorant category something like eight percent or ten percent uh the first year and rarely do like you know target hasn't seen that in a really long time the men's you know below the waist grooming category isn't growing quickly and you're riding those coattails you're the reason that it's growing quickly you know we're seeing very similar data with target also um great partner great to be working with them they're phenomenal yeah i love target they're just they're just phenomenal partners um but we're seeing very similar things with them like this this category hasn't been innovated and it's a brand new category you know and we got lucky with the name manscape that we defined the category yeah yeah fantastic name uh okay one last question because i i put on twitter i said you know i was interviewing you uh for a podcast what should i ask you and someone from your own team actually asked me to ask you this and they said uh have paul guess how many gallons of boba tea uh the manscape team has consumed in total do you want to make a guess um so the reason behind this is my um my wife loves boba um she just she's addicted to boba so she got the entire company addicted to boba so i would say many many many hundreds of gallons of boba okay if you had to give give me a number because i'm gonna tweet at this guy and be like hey is this right or wrong um i would say man because we order boba almost every day i don't know i gotta be like 120 gallons okay no you're it's definitely more than 120 gallons if you order boba every day that's probably like 18 ounces there's 70 people on the team probably 40 of them are getting boba no it's gonna be our bubble budget is ridiculous that is that's a great uh that's a great like line item to have in a budget when you're like doing a p and l and sort of showing it to your board you're like this is how much we're going to spend on boba this uh this quarter uh paul this was fantastic really love um you know that i really love what you this conversation i think you've you know aside from one of the things that i've realized about you is that aside from having this incredible vision for the company and sort of understanding where you fit within the cpg space you also have these humble origins and you have like the perspective you you still remember the perspective you had when you launched the business and were struggling trying to get the right messaging out trying to understand you know how to get production up and like understand what entrepreneurs are going through when they're still much smaller businesses i feel like um very few people have that perspective and it's so refreshing to hear because i think that a lot of people who are building two three million form or who are at a two three four million dollar run rate you know don't necessarily want to talk about stuff that i brought up which was like how do you think about budget you go back and you're like look uh budget is what we think about today the first two years we called audibles at the line every time we went up there uh and that was really great i love how you mentioned that because it makes me realize that sometimes i've forgotten what it was like to be in the trenches um and makes me miss those days uh so appreciate you sort of bringing that up and having that like you know um uh in the trenches type of mentality that was fantastic oh thank you i i really appreciate that i think deep down at heart um i'm an entrepreneur and i'll always be an entrepreneur you know we i think it's it's a it's a special breed and i i celebrate all entrepreneurs out there because it it takes guts you know to go out there and to sacrifice every single day um to follow your dreams it's it's not easy uh couldn't agree more with that takes a ton of guts you know you got to stand up to your family and your friends who are you know at certainly at my age are like you know lawyers and are making a lot of money and have families and you're like you know what i'm gonna put everything on the line uh so have a ton of respect for those entrepreneurs and have a ton of respect for the business and you too no thank you appreciate it thanks so much paul this was fantastic uh really appreciate your time congratulations on all the success super excited you know after all this i also makes me realize how excited i am as an investor in manscaped i feel like uh when you said all this i'm like oh fantastic my investment is doing really well so thanks again for all the time and for taking my money really appreciate that thank you i'm excited to see what your next project's gonna be so me too uh i don't know what it'll be hopefully once this covet stuff dies down i'll i'll think of something thanks paul really appreciate it