Do you want to hear a quick porn story? Yeah. Okay, so I worked out of this...

Henry gave a nod of approval. I worked out of this office called The Founders Dojo, and it was the greatest thing ever. I'll tell another story about it.

But basically, it was... If you've seen the TV show Silicon Valley, we had Ehrlich Bachman. It was an Ehrlich Bachman type of guy named Dave, who was a great guy, but totally inappropriate and disgusting in a good way.

And the office was filthy. And there was this guy... I forget his name.

Ratish and Chris. Oh, yeah. I remember this.

And it was this little skinny Indian guy, and he was crazy and awesome. And he was like the stereotypical Silicon Valley hacker, where he could get a job at any big company and make $200,000 a year. But he was like, no, fuck that.

I'm like, fuck the corporate pigs. And so he would sleep at that office, and Dave would buy him pizza all the time because he wanted to be poor and do this thing. And so he created a app, or no, a site.

A website, yeah. A website that would crawl... Tumblr.

No, I think all of the internet. Okay. For the fastest, for the GIFs that had the highest velocity of growth.

And so if a GIF launched... Popular GIFs. He would tell you right away which one's going to be the most popular, and then you would see it on the screen.

And it was called The Worst Drug. The Worst Drug dot TV. It's not there anymore.

And that sounds like a silly thing, but that's not why he did it. He did it because what he was trying to do was A, find the fastest technology that could find the fastest growing stuff. And if you would go to TheWorstDrug dot Tom, you could type in something like dog, and the search feature would autofill wicked fast, like way faster.

And then you would click enter, and it would be, bam, a high-def GIF. It was high-def. It was full screen.

And it was like laser fast. So the technology is very like Pod Piper-like. The technology wasn't like whatever Pod Piper did.

It was the fact that it was all behind these scenes. Like a bunch of nerds being like, yeah, our GIFs load the fastest. And like, look, it's like HD, and it happened in nanoseconds.

And he would spend nights, and I would come back, and it would be just as tiny improvement, but we would all gather around it. Well, so here's the point of the story. Turns out the most popular GIFs on the internet, 99% of them, are super hardcore raunchy porn.

Like real raunchy porn. And so... Yeah, because when I went to the site, it was all porn.

There wasn't like porn, and then some basketball GIFs, and then like a funny one. It was only porn. So I was like, this is a porn site.

And so at the office at the dojo, we would have these huge screens of like his workstation, and the way that he sat was everyone could see it. And we kind of got immune to it, but it was like the raunchiest shit ever. And we would...

He'd be like, guys, check this out. Early in the morning, we would come in 11 a.m., which was early, and he'd be rubbing his eyes and shit, and he'd be like, check this out. And all eight of us would gather around this high-depth screen and be like...

And he would type in the word like facial. And he's like, watch how fast this loads. And we were just so immune.

We were like... You're not even looking at the content. We're not even looking at the content.

We're like, oh yeah, wow. You could see the shine in the liquid. It was so funny.

And we would have these lawyers come into the office and people who are actually... Or investors who are trying to raise money for the other companies. And we would forget that this was on the big screen.

So what happened? So this sounds like... What's the end of the year?

What is this guy doing now? What happened to the site? The site, the worst drug, got millions and millions and millions of visitors.

The engagement was stupidly good. He couldn't monetize it. He couldn't use it.

So there were so many restrictions. No ad network would allow him to use it. And so even though the site...

I think it was getting at least, for sure, millions. I think maybe tens of millions of monthly uniques. And it made zero money.

It only cost him a lot of money. And the story ends with someone in Bulgaria or Latvia, this ex-communist country, wanted to buy the site. And it was all weird.

And they flew him out there. And he's like, wait, these guys are like mobsters. And they ended up bailing.

Bailing and they just shut it down. Because it was... And so what does he do now?

Now he works at Facebook? No. He bailed.

I've never seen him. He stole my skateboard. I had a skateboard.

I left at the office. He stole it. And I've never seen him since.

He had to get away, dude. I've never seen him. He needed transportation.

Raj. That's his name. Raj.

I've never seen Raj. I'm going to hunt this guy down. Because that guy is going to build something amazing.

Or it's going to be a very sad ending. But either way, it's going to be not average. Not the usual.

Yeah. He was like, if you think of this idea of what Silicon Valley is, that was that. Right.

Wow. Wow.