I remember we were drinking water, a little paper cup. We were at this burrito place and you were like, if I could buy this cup for five cents and sell it to you for seven cents, that's my passion. I feel like I can rule the world.

I know I could be what I want to. I put my all in it like no days off. On the road, let's travel, never looking back.

Ramon, he is back. The guest from episode two, which was one of the best episodes ever of this podcast. And then it was taken down for a bit.

I don't know what happened. There was something we got to take it down and make a little edit. People started hitting me up.

Hey, what happened to Ramon's episode? That's how much people cared. They wanted to know that people were just keep a track.

Is that episode still in the library? Something happened. Some people noticed, which was amazing to me.

And now you're Twitter famous. Yeah. As of today.

Well, because of you and Sam. Yes, because as of today, because you and Sam retweeted me and I got like almost 8,000 followers overnight. I went from 2,000 to 11,000 within 24 hours.

Wow. Okay. Thank you for that.

Well, it's not just because we retweeted. I retweeted a lot of stuff. You told a great story.

I'm just actually going to find the hook here because you did a good job. Did Sam write this for you? Or did you have him edit this?

Because this was so well done. I felt like this can't be your first thread and you started off this good on your first thread. How did that happen?

No. Well, it's Sam dripping off the whole tweet. So Sam actually helped me.

Okay. This is what would work. This is the concept.

This is a little bit like how you format it. Then he gave a little bit like I would start with this. I will do this and I will explain that.

Then, of course, I explained it. And then I sent it to him. How would you have started it normally?

And then I'll read what the end result was. What would you have normally said? Or do you remember what your V1 might have been?

Yeah. Well, you and I are friends. So you also know me personally.

Sam, too. It's like typically I would not start off with like I bought something for just little X. And now we're doing Y.

I would not. Too bragging. I would not.

Yes. But Sam said like, no, you need to do that. And it's true as well, right?

So why not just explain it? That's what get people interested. And now I think we have 7,000 likes and a bunch of 1,000 plus tweets.

Here's what you said. You said two and a half years ago, I bought a dog ramp business for $300,000. Already interesting.

What the heck is a dog ramp business? Since then, I've sold $35 million of dog ramps. Boom.

That's the hook, right? You know, this little thing turned into a big thing. And then the promise why you should read this thread.

I'm going to explain why I bought it, how I scaled it, and why I bought a business versus starting from scratch. But first, dog ramps, question mark. And then that is, and then the little hand pointing down, like, come read more.

That is, you didn't take my power writing class, but that is exactly what, you would have been my star student in this if you had done this as the example, because it has all three elements, right? So it has what I call the frame. I bought it for $300,000, and I've sold $35 million.

So that's the wow factor. Why should I pay attention to this? Why do I stop scrolling, right?

So you have a scroll stopping number, $35 million of dog ramps. You have a curiosity gap, which is what the heck is a dog ramp and how did this guy do it? And then you have a promise, which is I'm going to tell you A, B, and C, but first dog ramps, which is like you gave them a lightweight entryway that they have, even if they don't want to know how you bought it, why you scaled it, all the operational stuff, I do need to know what the heck, dog ramps, what the heck.

And so beautifully done. And then you tell the story and the story is kind of amazing because people know that I, people know that I don't talk about what my e-commerce business is, but they know that I have an e-commerce business. What they don't know is that it started because we were hanging out in your backyard and we were talking and the whole time we're talking, your phone is just going cha-ching, cha-ching.

It's like the, and I didn't even know what this was. It's the Shopify, Shopify is like notification sound. And, um, you didn't even notice it because it's always just normal to you.

Your phone was sitting on the table. And I was like, do you need to get that? Like, what does that sound?

And you go, oh, sorry. That's like sales. And I was just like, you know, people love this idea of make money while you sleep, like passive income.

Oh, make money while you sleep. That is a sexy idea. This was, this was even better.

It was like, you were just chilling and having fun. And money was just being made for you on the side. And just like a little cha-ching every five minutes.

And it was literally in that moment, I was like, I'm going to do this. I'm going to start an e-commerce business because I can't sit here and just let Ramon have all the fun. This is too good.

So you inspired me to do it for sure. That's awesome. Yeah.

I had to turn off that notification because it drove me crazy. Eventually like a ching, ching, every time there's a sale. But it was fun in the beginning.

It was really like, almost like that, you know, endorphin release each time. Yeah. Chink.

Exactly. And if you're on YouTube, if you're watching the YouTube channel, which is just, I don't know, what is it? YouTube.com slash My First Million, I think, or HustleCon, something like that.

Just search My First Million on YouTube. You'll find it. But you can see the ramp behind Ramon.

So he's got the, all the products behind you. So the company's called Alpha Paw. That's your thing.

So we're going to talk about a couple of different things. I thought it'd be fun to have you on your substitute teacher for Sam. And like any substitute teacher, the class always has more fun when the sub comes in.

So that's what we're going to do. I think we're going to talk about a couple of things. I want to talk to you about kind of buying and selling, buying businesses rather than starting businesses.

So how you do it. And we'll go through some examples maybe of what's out there. And then we'll jump back and we'll dig into kind of like your story.

So how the heck you got started. But I first want to give the people and myself really kind of a crash course on this process of buying businesses. Because I was amazed when you told me you bought this business for $300,000.

And did you buy this off of Flippa or Quietlight? Or where did you end up buying this? This one.

Yeah. I bought this on a similar broker like Quietlight. They're not around anymore, but it was a similar broker.

Not as Flippa, but it's more of a broker. And when you bought it, I was sort of like, what the heck? Like, who does that?

I didn't even know anybody who does like off these like random websites. Like I could see you buying something for a few thousand dollars, but 300 grand I thought was a lot. And I was like, dog ramps.

What the heck? And you had told me then that you're like, yeah, the business is doing good. And the person really wasn't doing any marketing or they didn't run any Facebook ads, I think was the case.

And so you just saw like a clear growth lever. So break it down. Like, what is your, why do you do this?

And then how do you do this buying businesses thing? Yeah. Like I, me personally, I think it's also like, what's your personal preference?

What's your skill set? Some people are really good at going from zero to one are really builders. Others are really good at going from one to 10.

And those are, you know, scalers. I'm not really good at building. I'm better at scaling.

And so I like to buy versus build because it gives you a lot more speed. It gives you history and data. And it's similar like real estate where I try to find crappy houses that you need to fix up, but in a good up and coming neighborhood, if that makes sense.

Right. Like, you know, like, okay, yes, good market. There's a market fit.

You know, if this house was amazing, you would be able to rent this out for two, three, four times more than the current owner does. It's the same with, with websites. So I look for websites that have a good product mix, product fit, has history.

It doesn't have to be, you know, going really well. I'm not looking for websites that are overly optimized. So I tend to not buy websites from other internet marketers because they already did all the things that I probably would do for it.

So it's not really room for growth. So I look for businesses that are often. What was the person like, or what was the business like when you bought the dog ramp business?

So describe kind of what you saw and what made you decide, yeah, I'm going to buy this one. Yeah. It solved a real problem.

I wasn't aware that this is actually a problem. I have a dog, but I have a pit bull. I don't have a small dog.

Ben. So there's a real problem for a niche audience that you really can target on Facebook. Those were the good old days that you really could niche target still on Facebook.

It had not a lot of competition at that time. Not a lot of people were promoting ramps on Facebook, Instagram, or even Amazon. The website was a very crappy website where I knew that if we switch to Shopify, if we increase or improve the copy, the pictures, et cetera, the conversion rate will most likely increase.

In this case, the two founders were not doing any Facebook ads. There was no paid acquisition happening at all. And even though they had a decent site customer database, they were not emailing even existing customers, let alone trying to capture a cart abandonment.

So this was a good market, which is pets. It's a house that you said, okay, if I renovate the kitchens, the floorboards, the countertops, which is like redoing the website and the branding of it, the copywriting. And then lastly, they're not even trying to rent it out.

They don't rent. They don't post it on Craigslist. They don't have flyers out in the neighborhood saying, come rent my place, which is they weren't doing paid advertising to get customers.

So you saw it, you bought it, and you grew it. What's another example? So let's walk through some real examples.

And then you tell me kind of like what you like or dislike about some of these businesses. Because I know you did some research on what's out there today. Yeah.

So for example, there's one out. It's sort of a crossword puzzle website. So think of like when I think a lot of people play these Wards with Friends games or Scrabble games.

And then there's a website out there, apparently, that you can just put in your letters and it will give a bunch of words, recommendations. Cheat codes website. Yeah, exactly.

And I kind of love it because it's so there's no nothing to do. Like you, I think there's probably a database that's already pre-built that you can buy. You build it basically once.

And then it's just trying to get SEO traffic, you know, to your website. So for example, there's one for sale now for $9 million. They started it in 2017.

Does 3.5 million in revenue. And because there's no really team needed, it's like it's almost all profit. It's like three around $3 million of profit.

And it's just, you know, printing money, basically. I like these type of niches where not a lot of people think about, but there's definitely a huge search volume. Another one is...

What would you do? So give me two pieces on that. So the first is with something like this, would you, how would you try to grow it?

Or would you not buy this because you say, I don't know how I would grow this where, you know, I get a faster payback on my money. So what would you do? How would you think about the growth levers for this one?

Yeah, that's a good question. I will personally not buy it at the moment. But because the price tag, typically I only buy, you know, things in a couple hundred thousand dollar range, not millions.

What I would, without knowing too much of the current business model, I definitely would try to increase RPMs. Meaning, how can we squeeze more advertising dollars out of the same traffic? They get like tens of millions of visitors a month.

And I looked at a couple of similar websites and I think there's a huge opportunity by placing ads differently just to increase RPM. Similar, if you have an e-commerce, you want to increase conversion rates. If you have a content site, you want to increase RPMs.

Meaning, how to get more people to click on the ads or things like that. So I would do that. Secondly, I would look and do research.

Like, for sure, if there's a huge segment of people that love Scrabble, what is this? Like, what other games do they like? And maybe build a sub-sister website that does, I don't know, like, what's it called?

Sudoku or whatever. So that's the two things that I would, if I would buy this type of website. And basically, when you buy something like this, most people say, I don't have $9 million.

And I think when you started doing this, when you first started looking at these websites, you also didn't have enough money to buy one of these. So tell the story of, like, how you first started going to these websites, even when you didn't have enough money to buy one of these companies. Yeah.

Like, I've actually bought and sold websites. It started with buying something for $500 and then sold it for, you know, $1,500. I started on Flippa 12 years ago.

And, you know, I bought a pi単ata website that sells pi単atas. You can send a picture of Sam. And...

It makes a pi単ata of him. Yes. A company in Texas would make a pi単ata and then ship it directly to the customer.

So I bought that for $5,000 that I scraped together. So improved the website traffic and made my money back in two and a half months and then sold it a month later for $22,000. Right?

So it's not huge numbers, but those really, you know, helped me to grow a little bit and really get a lot of experience. Then when I started SoapHub, I actually saw a similar website for sale on Flippa that was for sale for $100,000. It was in the daytime TV era too.

And the topic was about daytime TV. Of course, I didn't have money. I had like a couple of thousand dollars.

I was not able to buy that. But what I did is like, hey, let's see if there is something there. Let's do a small test, build a fan page, see how the engagement goes, and then see really how it's, you know, if there is something there and then grow from there.

I guess we should explain. You created, if people have listened to episode two, they know the full story. We won't go to the full story again this time.

But your claim to fame, what episode two is about is telling the story of how you created a soap opera content site, like a soap opera website that was basically just saying, hey, you're watching Days of Our Lives or you're watching, you know, I don't know, The Young and The Restless, here's the recap, here's the spoilers of what's coming next. So you kind of built like a spoiler site for daytime soap operas, like who the heck thinks of that. And then you ended up selling it for nine or ten million dollars cash.

And that's like an amazing, amazing exit. And this is from a guy who has never watched a soap opera episode in his life. So I think people love that because it was so A, random, but B, interesting and relatable how you did that.

And it sounds like one of the ways you were getting business ideas was you were going on these websites and you said, I think you had told me at the time, you're like, I saw a website for sale that was also in the daytime TV niche that was like a hundred thousand dollars for sale. And you were like, cool, like I don't have a hundred thousand dollars, but if this is worth a hundred thousand dollars, maybe I can make something like this. And then you went through this process where you said, okay, how can I test these ideas?

Because when I met you, I was like, all right, what's your passion? You know, Silicon Valley style. And you were like, you know, what problem do you really want to solve?

What topic, what industry are you really passionate about? And you were like, there was a cup on the table. I remember we were drinking, we were drinking water, a little paper cup.

We were at this burrito place. And you were like, if, uh, if I could buy this cup for 5 cents and sell it to you for 7 cents, that's my passion. Like, uh, I like to buy things and sell things for a little bit more.

And I'm basically an internet marketer and I don't care if it's cups or dog ramps or soap opera spoilers. It doesn't matter to me. I love the process of like business and selling things.

And I was like, that's amazing. Uh, you know, I love the, the sort of self-awareness and honesty. And then when you were testing ideas for, for, before you created the soap opera site, you went on Facebook.

And if I remember correctly, you basically made like 30 fan pages or something like that. Cause at the time you could promote a page, a fan page on Facebook for like cents. You could go get a bunch of likes of your Facebook page and a lot of likes weren't worth too much, but you could kind of test what topics are people most engaged with?

What, what topics, if I post content in this page, will I get a bunch of likes for? Or, and I think it ended up being like the top three were something like, what was it? It was like right-wing politics, uh, like soap operas.

And what was it? The last one? It was like, uh, wrestling or something like that.

Yeah. Wrestling was really popular. Soap opera was very, uh, soaps and, uh, politics, uh, wrestling and, uh, cars were also pretty, pretty high up.

Right. Um, and then you were like, you know, I hate politics. I don't want to do politics.

What's the next best one? Soap operas. Okay, great.

Uh, hire this woman in the Midwest to write, uh, blogs every day about soap operas and then drive traffic, baby. Uh, sell, let's go sell some paper cups. Exactly.

And I just didn't really overthink it. I didn't wrote a business plan. I just like go on, went on upwork.com.

Hey, looking for a writer that can write so far for spoilers, put a very simple blog. Up just to test to see would people go from Facebook onto a blog and write a story. And that's how it basically started.

And then, you know, started with 10 cents a day from making from Google AdSense and then a dollar a day and then $10. And that's how it grew. Right.

Okay. Let's look at a couple more deals and then we'll, we'll, we'll jump around again. So give me, give me another one that you saw before you came on the pod that you want to talk about.

Yeah. So this, this is one I just saw, uh, an hour ago. I just thought it was interested, interesting.

It was a goat milk soap website. They sell goat milk soap. What the heck is that?

Yes. So apparently, uh, goat milk soap is better for the environment. Uh, and it's better for, they say it's cruelty free, uh, because apparently a lot of soaps, the traditional soaps, they do testing on animals, et cetera.

Uh, so they claim, uh, like, forgive me for people that, you know, know about goat milk soap. I, this is the first time I heard about it. And that's why I, uh, that intrigued me.

Um, but this could probably be a product that people that use this are very passionate about it. Same, like, you know, people that are into keto or super passionate, uh, or, you know, there's tons of these examples where it's a pretty small niche, but people are so passionate that they, they will spread the word for you. Um, so this website, you can find it on Flippa.

Um, just search goat milk soap. And I'm looking at the listing. It's, it says four years old, monthly profit, $20,000 a month.

Uh, it's got a 29% profit margin and it's selling at a 1.8 X multiple. Right. So, okay.

So what is that? So let's say 20 times 12. We don't do public math, but we do type things in 240, 240 times 1.8.

So it's selling for 400 something thousand. Is that right? Correct.

400, 425 is the asking price. Right. Okay.

Amazing. So walk me through, how do you think about something like this? Yeah.

So first, um, I look at, I will do a little bit of research about the product. Uh, does goat milk really work? Is it more of an, uh, more of a gimmick or is it actually solve a problem or are people really, you know, interested?

Is there a need for this? Um, and again, if it's a gimmick, that's fine too. Right.

I'm, this is not like, uh, oh, the answer's no, we'll not buy it. Uh, it's just important to know. Right.

Um, back to the, how many, not an example. Exactly. Um, how many, because it's very important too, for like, not all bit ideas have to be a hundred million dollar idea.

Like I think, um, a million dollar a year business is amazing as well. Uh, right. So, uh, maybe goat milk soap is, you know, um, a very passionate niche, um, product.

Uh, I will look, um, I will do research like, okay, how many people in the U S search for it? Uh, you can use Google trends or you can use, uh, all kinds of, um, search volume, um, trackers, um, that you can see how many people are searching for this keyword. I will look on Instagram.

Are there like, is there a rabbit fan base, you know, like goat milk, you know, fans, uh, or Facebook groups, um, then I will also look on Amazon. Is this sold on Amazon? And yes, how is the trend and what is the sales?

And then you can use a tool called helium 10 to see how many, uh, how much revenue a listing is doing. It's by the way, really amazing tool, uh, to do research. I do the same for pet products.

You know, I look what is trending on Amazon. Um, what is, you know, blowing out of water as far as sales. And then I will do research that we should also start selling that.

Um, then I look of course on the business stuff, like business, um, is the, is the trend up or down or flat? Um, and also like most of the business I bought were either flat or down because that's how, you know, you get, you know, a good deal. Uh, so even if it's flat, even if it's not trending up, I still would, you know, potentially buy it.

Uh, what is important are the traffic channels diversified is a hundred or 90% coming from just Facebook or is it just emails or is it just, um, SEO that could be a little bit, you know, risky, uh, especially if it's all paid traffic from Facebook, uh, because all the e-commerce founders or listeners, uh, on this podcast will know, you know, Apple can make an update and suddenly, you know, the paid, uh, traffic landscape change. Um, so I'm looking for diversified channels. Then of course I look at revenue profit margins.

So you can really calculate like, okay, if I pump, is this going to be more of a scale where I can pump more money into Facebook? I put a dollar in, I get $3 back, or is this more like of a long-term play where I have to create SEO content, um, that's, you know, is less costly, but it's a longer game. Um, and then also what's important to understand what you're buying, um, are the trademarks, are the patents, is there email subscribers?

So in this case, they have a 43,000 email subscribers. There's 33,000 SMS, uh, subscribers. Um, I think there's a social media, all these things, um, in my opinion are valuable because that's the same with when I bought alpha ball, they had a huge Instagram following the huge Facebook following.

They had an email list. They had trademarks and patent all that was, you know, uh, included in the sale. Um, and if you, those are great, those are the assets.

And so let's take a business like this. Let's say it's $400,000 listing. Um, how does it work?

You know, if you don't have 400 grand lying around, you know, in, in a briefcase, like a, like a, you know, evil, evil genius, what do you, what do you do? How do you buy a business like this? If you don't have 400 grand lying around?

Yeah. So, um, you can use, um, SBA loans, uh, to buy internet businesses. Um, SBA loan is basically a business loan, small business loan, um, that I don't know when they started, um, a few years ago where they now also fund internet businesses.

Um, and you can borrow up to 90%. So technically you can buy something for that is for sale for 400,000 and you only have to put down $40,000. Um, and the interest rate is, is pretty low.

It's anywhere between five and seven. So it's, it's higher than a mortgage, but it's much lower than a traditional, you know, a business loan, um, for, you know, for people like us. Um, then the second thing you can do when you see an asking price of $400,000, um, you can always, there's a cash upfront offer.

And then you can offer like, Hey, I will pay you $250,000 cash upfront at closing, uh, the remaining 150 K I will pay you spread out over the next 12 months interest free. Um, so every time I buy business, that's never a hundred percent, a hundred percent cash on closing. I always have 60 to 80% cash on closing and the remaining it's either seller's note or not.

Um, and that keeps the seller, you know, helpful because they're, you know, they, they need to help you out. Plus it lowers the amount that you have to loan. So let's just say, let's just do a little loan calculator.

So the SBA loan is what? 10 year loan, something like that. Yes.

So 10 year loan. So let's say you did the full amount, no seller financing, just for simplicity, uh, simplicity here. So you put down 40 K you're going to take the other 360 K as a, as a SBA loan.

And let's say you're paying 60, uh, 6% a year for 10 years. So your monthly payment on that loan is going to be $4,000. This business makes $20,000 a month of profit.

So you take the $20,000 a month of profit, you pay back your loan for four, you're left with 16 K of profit every month right now. So you could buy this today and be making money. And so that, that difference will say 16 K you only put down, you know, you only put down $40,000.

So it only takes two and a half months for you to get all your equity back. And then you're, and you're profitable every single month and you can reinvest some of that into growth. So that's like a pretty sweet deal.

And that's more than most people are making at their quote unquote safe job. Correct. And SBA, the beauty with SBA loans, they, of course, they look at your personal credit history and et cetera.

But they really look and make a decision, the lenders on the business. So they will never fund you if there's too high of a risk, right? If they think like, oh, if we cannot, you know, the, the, the borrower cannot pay the, the interest month over month.

Um, so it's amazing too. Actually, I spoke with, uh, Joe Valley from quiet life broker, uh, today. And he told me a story.

There was, uh, a woman, she bought a business for 1.25 million with an SBA loan two years ago and just closed and sold the same business for 5.5. I believe it was in the five range. Um, but put only 10% down.

So she only, she didn't even put 200 K down, but her return was, you know, 4 million. I don't know. Yeah.

Um, so if done right, you know, SBA loans is a really great tool, a good leverage tool, uh, to get into internet businesses or buy a business. Amazing. Uh, yeah, it's, it's one of the tricks.

Now, uh, what do you give people a sense of how do you make sure you're not buying a lemon? Yes, that's, uh, I get a question a lot. Um, so when you go to flipper.com, I would really, um, be careful because flipper.com is a marketplace.

Anybody can just upload, you know, their listing or their website and basically claim whatever it's on you to do due diligence. If you go to a broker, like quiet, like brokers, they basically do all the vetting for you. They will like, look at the business is everything legit.

Um, so the risk is much smaller. Um, but regardless, if you're new to this, if you are, you know, it's your first business, you can hire a due diligence company. Uh, Centurica is centurica.com is one.

I think those are the biggest, uh, well known you pay, you know, it depends on the listing price, but it's as cheap as a couple hundred dollars. Um, and it goes up from there, but they do all the due diligence for you. They look through all the traffic.

Is it legit? Is the revenue legit? Is whatever, everything they claimed, is it all legit?

And then they can come back to you with like, well, we looked at all the data, all the numbers, um, you bought it for 1.2, but we think it's actually worth 900 K because these are the reasons. Um, so definitely recommend going with a due diligence company, um, like Centurica. Gotcha.

Okay. And give, okay. So these are, uh, business you could buy.

What was the first kind of like, how the heck did you become you? Right. So how are you figuring out how to do this?

Give people kind of the, uh, not, not, you don't go deep into any one, but just describe kind of the journey. And then I might poke into some that sound interesting. So, okay.

You're, you're Ramon, you're born. And, uh, I don't know. I don't know when you got your entrepreneurial start.

What was the first kind of like entrepreneurial venture? Were you, were you in your teens or twenties or what? My first real business was a construction business.

Um, I've done things before that, but it were like nothing really significant. Um, but I think the way, how I started the construction company, um, is really my DNA. That makes sense.

Because if I look back a lot of other companies, I started basically the same. I didn't know anything about construction. Um, and, and, uh, the story, um, I will keep it very quick, but I think it's maybe could be helpful for people that maybe are overthinking steps or overthinking things.

Um, so I was out of a job, was 20 years old, had to pay my rent. Um, co-worker of my mom said, I need a painter to paint the inside of my house. I can pay you X.

I forgot the number, but it was like a month's worth of money that I made in three days. So I thought, oh, this is amazing. I can, you know, be my own boss.

It's a lot of money. The harder I work, the more money I make. That was really what intrigued me, right?

Like if I can do this in one day, I will actually, you know, have make the same amount of money than in a whole month. So you got paid out of your output, not your input. Correct.

And, um, and as you know, like in my high school dropout, right? So there was not, uh, that's, uh, what year did you actually drop out? Um, officially 15, but I stopped really going when I was 14.

Um, that's U S ninth grade. I don't know what it is there. Okay.

Um, actually, my mom actually got a letter from the board of school to with an official waiver, like, okay, your son doesn't have to go to school because in Holland, you have to go to school mandatory to 16. They actually gave me a pass because no high school wanted to accept me. Um, but it's a different story.

So it's a good guy. The, um, on Sunday night, she paid me out. I said, this is amazing.

So on Monday morning, I came up with a name house improvements or home improvements. One of those two, um, built some, uh, designed a couple very ugly business cards, made a one page, uh, website and put an ad out on the Dutch version of Craigslist. Um, and I thought, you know what, let's just not do only painting.

Let's do like, we do everything construction, like remodeling from A to Z. Whatever. And you don't know how to do any of that, by the way.

No, no, I don't know anything. I barely was able to paint. So what gives you that confidence to say, I'll, I'll renovate everything A to Z.

And yet I don't know how to do anything A to Z. I think that's the naive thing. Part of me that I still have is like, let's just see first if I can get a job and then figure out like how to solve or do the job.

And so an hour later or two hours later, I got an email, uh, from a guy saying, Hey, I'm looking for an electrician. Uh, and, um, I am rewiring the whole building, blah, blah, blah. I said, sure.

No problem. I will see. I'm a ninth grade dropout.

I'll be there in three hours. I got this. I went out to bought an official construction outfit.

Um, so I really looked like a construction guy or like, you know, um, and I went there the next morning and, um, disclaimer, of course, I will not have done things that will, you know, potentially kill people, but I just wanted to see like, you know, I don't know, like maybe it was something simple. So he gave me, he gave me the tour and it was like, he, I couldn't even understand the words he was saying like, Oh, we need to wire this and we need to do. And the floors were open and the walls were open.

And, uh, I was still playing along, but in my mind, I was like, there's no way I can do this. Plus it's dangerous as fuck. Um, he went out to run some errands.

I waited for him, um, because I didn't want to be like, you know, an asshole, just go left. So I waited for an hour. He came back and I was like, listen, I'm going to be honest.

I don't know shit about the construction company. I don't know shit about the electric. I just started yesterday.

I want to build a construction company, but I don't know anything. And he was, because he was an entrepreneur, he laughed his ass off and he actually gave me work. He said like, you're hilarious.

Um, just help me with, you know, getting carry this box over here. Yeah. Yeah.

And he paid me the same amount of dollars or euros, uh, hourly rate than, uh, he would have done before. Um, I think also, by the way, if we have young listeners, I think it's so important to do those things when you're young. Um, because if I would do it now, I'm 40 years old, not in daring.

I don't think it's not in daring. It's not like, Oh, I appreciate your hustle. No, it's like, Hey, you're a con man.

Like, yeah. Yes. So if you're young, take advantage.

You know, Sam was also really genius of doing that as well. Right? Like you can't just get away with so much more of showing hustle, but also like, I think he appreciated that.

I waited for him and just be like, honest, like, Hey, listen, I don't know shit about this. Um, but he gave me a really good tip. He said, in order to own a construction company, you don't have to know everything or do yourself.

If I were you find freelancers, you focus on getting the projects and then you outsource it to freelance. So that's what I did. And found an electrician freelancer, plumber, you know, everything you need a whole crew that you need.

Um, and two weeks later, I got a second job and I didn't do anything. I just had my, you know, crew that I assembled. Yeah.

Yeah. I sold it for 10 K. My cut was like around 5 K.

And that's how I basically grew the construction company. And within a year, a little over a year, we were like a 20 to 24 people, depending on how many projects we had. Um, and at that time we did close to a million dollars or million euros, sorry.

Um, a year, uh, in revenue. And you're like 19, 20 years old, something like that at that time. Yeah.

20, um, 21 when we, you know, we're a year, a year in. And so what happened to that? Happy ending or sad ending to this story?

Well, very quick, maybe story about how I scaled, um, the scaling part. I think it's also, uh, maybe it could be helpful for people is that, um, the big problem with construction is every, like the job is two weeks and then you have to find another job. The job is four weeks and you have to find another job.

Right. So it was really hard to keep the guys busy, um, and really, you know, make sure that, um, the, the projects align, if that makes sense. So I thought, Hey, who can I find?

What can I do? So I don't have to find jobs anymore. So real estate investors, they buy apartment buildings all at once.

They all need to be renovated at once. So I went to, um, local real estate, uh, meetups. Um, that was actually horrible because I was a really out of my place.

I was way too young. I was like, you know, blue collar guy, uh, with all these fancy pants, but one thing leads to another that I met the biggest, uh, uh, real estate investor, um, in my region that I lived. And he was like literally built buying apartment buildings at the foreclosure every month between 20 and a hundred buildings at the time.

So now he became my client and he was my client to the end. Basically I never had to search for, uh, a new, uh, customer. The, um, so that was all the good news.

Then I made a bunch of mistakes. Uh, cashflow projection was one where construction, you really, it's a similar, a little bit similar like with e-commerce. I think you could grow yourself into bankruptcy, if that makes sense.

Making, for example, you with a construction, same with e-commerce. You have to put a lot of money upfront. I have to pay every Friday, the crew, I have to buy the supplies, but I only get paid all the way at the end when the project is done.

So. So the faster you grow, the more projects you have, the more money you have to put out in open and you have to wait for it. Um, so that started, um, that was really, uh, and I was just not good at cashflow projections.

I, well, I just didn't do it. Um, and, um, another thing that really, um, was bad was growing too fast that I had to hire, um, people that I normally would not have hired, um, and really lost grip of the business. Does that make sense?

And, you know, it started to break and, um, I had to close the company, uh, and after three years, more or less. Um, and our mutual buddy, Sully was at my house this weekend and he said something like, uh, I don't know if maybe you already, maybe this is the guy you already talked about, but he said, he said you had some like mentor kind of help you early on, uh, somebody who really changed the course of your life. I don't know.

Is he talking about that guy who gave you that first kind of insight to hire freelancers or is there somebody else that he's talking about? No, it's a different story. Okay.

Tell that one. Um, all right. That story, uh, was before my construction company.

Um, I was, um, almost 18 or around that time. Um, my mother kicked me out the house. You have to, you know, live, um, you have to figure your shit out.

So I have to pay rent. So I had to find a job at a local Best Buy. Um, the, the, the Dutch version of Best Buy.

Um, a couple of weeks in, I said like, this sucks, right? Like, uh, long hours, whatever. And, um, there was a guy came coming in, in a nice expensive suit.

Uh, he wanted to buy something was not in stock. He gave me a business card and said like software solutions. Um, and I didn't know anything about software or programming or whatever, but I knew.

Or solutions. Because it, or solutions, whatever. I didn't know anything.

Uh, but I just knew like, okay, hey, there's a lot of money to be made and a lot of opportunity in, because this was like the early internet days, right? Like, you know, I'm an old fuck, right? This is like, uh, before 2001, uh, before the internet bubble, if people remember.

Um, and, um, so I didn't know what he was doing, but it was something in software and solutions. And that's how you knew it was good because he came in in a fancy suit or you separately had been thinking about the internet. Uh, separately being thinking about, because I always was like trying to, you know, um, oh, let's buy this type of product in Germany and then try to sell it in Holland.

Like I was always trying to build these, doing these schemes, uh, legal of course, but, um, internet was just like this whole new, like for me, my, like, this was like amazing. Like there's so many, so much opportunity. Um, and so I knew that I just didn't know like exactly what, how to get started, how to even, you know, write a line of codes or whatever.

Um, so I started stalking him as a, Hey, um, and this is again, the benefit of being young. Um, like, Hey, I want to get a job at your company. And he said, no, uh, we don't, we're not hiring.

Um, but I kept stalking him respectfully, but I did caught stalking him for months, like three, four months to a point where he said, you know what? Um, I'm so sick and tired of this in a good way. Um, let's make a deal.

If I'm going to give you a book on Friday, we have an internal exam for programmers. If you, uh, pass that exam, um, I will give you, I will hire you. The company will hire you and give you a six months internal program to become a Microsoft developer.

But you have to promise me if you fail this exam on Friday, you have to leave me alone for the rest of your life. I said, okay, let's do it. Um, they know what it was expect.

He gave me a book about Microsoft database access, access database programming, um, study that if my life was depending on it, did exam and I passed, uh, I didn't pass a plus, but I passed enough. And, uh, so he, they gave me a job, like gave me a job. Um, and for six, the next six months, um, they trained me.

I was able to become a Microsoft software developer, um, within this company. They gave me a lease card. They gave me a laptop.

They gave me like phone. Like it was, it was insane. Yeah.

So this guy really changed my life because I think learning how to code, uh, really is helpful also in other ways in your life. Like, because it really, um, you analyze problems in situations just different if, um, when, when you know how to code, that makes sense. And you're, but today you don't consider yourself like a coder, like let's say for your, your e-commerce website, you're not the one going and making changes.

Is, do you do it like sometimes or early on before you hire people? Do you just do stuff yourself or no? You're just saying learning it back then and using it back then and learning how to think that way was helpful.

Yeah. And that day, that time I had to learn visual basic that language doesn't even exist anymore. So it's like, um, I know how to read PHP and HTML and, you know, I know, I know how to do it, but I'm like, I never, I never do it.

Basically. I think it's more of breaking down what was so frustrating as a programmer is like finding bugs. So you have like, you know, a 10,000 line codes and there's one thing breaks.

You have to go through like all the codes, but it really trains your brain. Like, okay. How to, um, like, um, like, um, let's circle down, but like, um, really try to narrow down what it could be and where the problem could be.

And that mindset you can use in, in all kinds of other, you know, real life situations. So I don't program right now. Okay.

Fair enough. And we got five minutes left. You had a game you wanted to play at the end.

Let's do, let's do the game. Okay. So I wanted to ask you.

And why did you want to play this game, by the way? Uh, because I think your audience would like to know these questions, like would you rather? So it's a root your rather.

Let's give the people what they want. Yes. All right.

So here's the first one. Would you rather be the CEO of Apple or the president of the UFC? Ooh.

Okay. President of the UFC, like Dana White, uh, too much travel. I'm traveling.

I'm on the road all the time dealing with, with all kinds of head event planning. Like when I threw my wedding, I was like, this is the only event I'll ever throw like this. And, uh, for the UFC every weekend they throw, you know, a mega wedding.

So no way I'm doing that. I also wouldn't really want to be the CEO of Apple. So I'll take the job.

I'll go buy your company for half a trillion. I'll buy my company for half a trillion and then I'll peace out. All right.

That's awesome. Um, I saw this, uh, on a meme actually, would you rather have dinner with Jay-Z or take $500,000 cash? Uh, $500,000 cash.

Easy. Uh, what would you do? Would you take dinner with Jay-Z?

I feel like you might be a, I want a unique experience person. No. Yeah.

I will take the cash too. There was, there was a whole debate, uh, like people saying like, you should take Jay-Z because he's going to give you tips. Let's say $50,000 cash.

$50,000 cash. I think is a closer bet here. Yeah.

Then I will, in the situation I'm right now, I will take the dinner. Um, if I have no money, I will take the cash. Right.

Yeah. Yeah. I'm in the same boat.

I think the dinner is most likely going to be kind of lame, but you know, I get a good story. Who knows? Maybe, maybe we hit it off.

Maybe he's interesting. Uh, 500,000. That's you could go buy your charity dinner with Jay-Z for, for 90,000 and have the rest leftover for, for goods after that.

Or you can buy a goat milk soap website. Yeah, exactly. I mean, that's the question.

Would I rather have that goat milk business today or this dinner with Jay-Z tomorrow? I'll take the goat milk business today. Thank you.

Yeah. Um, let's do, would you rather, would you rather bootstrap a million dollar business or VC back $10 million a year business? Hmm.

I think I would rather have a VC back $10 million a year business. I'll tell you why. I think that once you can get a business to $10 million, I think the odds of you being able to get it to 50 or a hundred are quite high.

I think zero to 10 is a lot harder or more likely to, to, to round down to zero than 10 will stay at 10. So I think 10 million, really what you're saying is, Hey, just stick with it for a little bit longer and you'll be at 30, 40, 50, 70, something like that million within two, three years. So I think that's the case.

And then I'm, I'm actually, a lot of people think VC means your VC forever and that you're in this endless, uh, chase. They're like, well, the VCs say you need to grow the VCs say, you know, you'll have to raise your next round. My experience with VCs has actually been quite different, which is VCs give you the money.

They might want you to do something, but it's your call, what you do. And like, you can raise one round and never raise again from VC, or you can raise one round and grow at the pace you want. Um, they might strongly advise you to do something, but it's on you to say, look, are you going to fire me?

Do you have the power to do that? Are you going to fire me? If not, then I'm going to need you to, you know, shut the fuck up and stay in the back seat.

And like, let me do what I'm going to do here. So I think the $10 million business is just better than the bootstrap to 1 million. Then a very quick for the listeners that have an idea, but not the capital, would you tell them to try to get VC money or try to get the company started, uh, get some revenue and then do the VC route or.

Yeah. I mean, this is going to sound cliche, but it's true. And whoever is doing this needs to hear this, which is the raising money is not the, uh, it's not the goal.

Like, so a lot of people are like, Hey, I want to talk to you. Uh, like I'll invest in a company and they'll say, I want to talk to you about, you know, what metrics we need to do to be able to raise an A in nine months. Or, you know, we're, we're starting planning for our series B.

Uh, want to talk to you about what metrics we need to do to hit the B. And I'm like, I understand what they're saying and it's good to be thoughtful and plan, but there's this sort of implication that raising money is the milestone. And it's like, Oh, what business, what does this business need to do to be able to achieve this outcome?

And it's actually the opposite. It's, I have a business outcome. I'm trying to get to, I'm trying to get to 10 million in revenue with 20% EBITDA.

I'm trying to get a 20% market share in this market or 5%. I want to grow 20% a month. You have a business outcome in mind.

And then you just say, do I need more money to make that happen? Yes or no. Um, money is the fuel.

It is not the destination. It is not the, it's not the point of the journey, uh, for, for, for raising money. And so I would just say like, yeah, when you start, when you have the idea, uh, the goal is, okay, well I need to get like one customer, 10 customers, a hundred customers, a thousand customers.

You start doing that. And then at some point, if you get stuck because you lack the money, meaning you truly, you need to go buy inventory or your, your paid ads are working. You just need to spend more to get to the next milestone.

Then you raise the money. Don't raise, don't raise as your excuse to go do the business. Yeah.

And you also see a lot of, uh, deals or people approaching you and, you know, me in a little bit lesser way, but I do feel like there's a lot of people think they need money to launch a business, but actually don't. Um, because they think, oh, it needs to be pretty, or it has to have all these functionalities. Um, but maybe they could just like start with one functionality and just have, you know, a fiber design and just do it and, you know, do it at least get started.

Yeah. My favorite people to, to, to fund are people who have, uh, created a company and like made all the mistakes ended up with a small win where they got a taste of winning, but you know, not, not, not enough to go retire on a yacht because the next time they start, they're like, not going to waste those six months on design mock-ups and branding and getting the trademark and all this other stuff. Like they know what are the traps and they know what, what you really need to do versus what you think you need to do.

And there's a big gap there. But usually even if somebody tells you experience is the best teacher, because, uh, the voice in your head, typically from most entrepreneurs I meet, the voice in your head typically is giving you some bad advice your first, first time through and it's okay. Like just go do it, learn those lessons.

And then the second time you're much better off. Yeah, I agree. Then last question, would you rather do a boxing match against Sam or do an Ironman with me and Suli?

Uh, both I'll, I'd rather do the boxing match with Sam because that sounds more fun and exciting, uh, than like an endurance race. But, uh, yeah, so I would do a boxing match with Sam. I think that'd be great.

Uh, you know, I've always wanted to like feel what it's like to be in a real fight. Like, I think I got into like one or two little altercations when I was younger, like in high school or middle school, but it was always like I hit the kid and then he, he ran away or like he hit me and then it got broken up and it's like, it never was like, okay, let's do this. Let's get, let's start.

No one's going to break this up. And the point is to actually get in a fight. So I would do it, although Sam is definitely like, you know, on horse, uh, tranquilizers or whatever, like horse, uh, you know, growth hormone or whatever he's taken.

That guy's, uh, built like a absolute monster right now. So, uh, you know, I, I need a little training period, but I would do it. Actually a lot of people, because he's been posting videos of me and him sparring.

Um, you know, he wants to become a, uh, uh, fitness influencer now. Um, and to his credit, by the way, he posts, he posts videos of you hitting them and him going down. Normally when people post, they cherry pick what makes them look good.

He does the opposite. He posts of you hitting him at liver shots and him falling down over and over again, like compilation. Yeah.

And to be also to his credit, he, um, he started four or five months ago. Um, not super serious, not that he's doing it every day, but he, he actually got really good, really fast. Um, you know, I've been training much longer.

Um, but a lot of people on the Twitter, uh, comments actually are voting for, uh, you versus Sam. So maybe we should give the fans what they need. Let's give the fans what they want.

Yeah. We need, we need like a Kickstarter or go fund me or something. It's like, if, uh, if, if, if certain number of people vote for this or buy the pre-buy, a pay-per-view, $5 pay-per-view of this, we'll do it.

We need like whatever, 10,000 pre-buys. Okay. 10,000 pre-buys.

That's the goal. 10,000 pre-buys of a $10 pay-per-view and then we'll do it. Okay.

Let's set it up. And then, um, you can give me like, give me like, I don't know, four months to train and we'll, we'll film the training. Four months to train.

Yeah. 46, whatever it is. Each one can get one, uh, good trainer, boxing trainer.

Uh, do you, do you want to do boxing or MMA or. No, boxing is simple. I don't have time to learn five martial arts.

So we'll get to the point where we're both shitty at boxing and then we'll do it. Yeah. Let's do it.

I think we should do it. And then maybe Sully and I can box too. Perfect.

The pre, uh, the undercard. Yeah. We, we, we should, we should get, we'll let anybody.

It's a CEO boxing tournament. Yes. And we stream it.

Uh, and we do it in a really small ratchet, like boxing gym here. That's right. So we can go there and then we'll just stream it for, for the people.

Right. Uh, 10,000 free buys. That's a lot, but I think it's doable.

Uh, especially if we can get the support of your listeners. Yeah. We're saying it now.

Uh, people will just have to see, uh, we'll just have to get them a link and let's get them a link and let's do it. Yes. All right.

I can't wait. All right. Perfect.

Um, okay. I got to run. I got to do a call with this guy.

Ramon, thanks for being on. Where should people find you? So now you're Twitter famous.

So is it Ramon Van Meer? Is that your, your Twitter handle? Right.

Yeah. Ramon at Ramon Van Meer all together. Ramon Van Meer.

Go by. If you have a small dog, like I have a multi poo. Uh, I have four of your ramps in my house.

Cause it's a lifesaver. Uh, otherwise your dogs get like, you know, injured backs and they're jumping off couches and stuff like that. That's like, imagine jumping onto something or off of something that's three times your height, right?

That's what they're doing. And so these ramps are onto the bed, onto the couch, up the stairs. You know, that's how I use them.

So go buy, go buy some ramps from Apple Paul. To be continued...