How was the big stage? You went to New York. Yeah.

So what I did was I went to New York and I originally went to meet with some advertisers of ours and to be. Winning and dining or what? Yeah.

Yeah, kind of. I'll tell you about it. And then I went to be on the Gary Vaynerchuk podcast.

And then I went to be on. Is his name Pomp? Yeah.

Everyone knows him as Pomp. Pomp. Yeah.

Anthony Poplano or something. I did his podcast. It was cool.

Did Gary Vaynerchuk's podcast first thing in the morning at 8 or 9 or 10 a.m. when I got there. I was a little groggy from my flight because I took some medicine when I flew.

It went OK. We'll see what happens. Hold on.

So you walk in. What happened? Yeah.

So walked in. So he has two offices in New York. One Hudson Yards, which I've been to before.

It's buzzing. This one was a studio. It's a little quieter, but still pretty badass in Brooklyn.

Long Island City. Long Island City it is, which I don't know if that's Brooklyn or not. But it was awesome, man.

And you guys know each other. You don't know each other. So this is like the first time.

But we had. He knew who I was. And obviously, I definitely know who he is.

And he knew who our company was. He was totally nice. And he was really low key at first.

He wasn't like Cocaine Gary. Yeah. He was like.

You guys do a little chit chat, small talk beforehand. Or you just got into it. Barely.

So here's what happened. We sat down. And there's like an audience.

There's like an audience of like 10, maybe five or 10 people. It was me and Adam on our side. And then he had an entourage.

And we sit down. And he goes, all right, go. And he looks at me.

And I was like. I looked at Adam. I go, Gary, I think you're interviewing me.

He goes, oh, I am. I was like, right, Adam? Like, is that right?

And Adam looked at him. He goes, yeah, that's what we set up. Out of the safety blanket?

Yeah. And Gary was like, oh, okay. So tell me about who you are.

And it was good. It was great. So he's a nice guy.

That's good to know. Yeah. You know, he's an easy target because he's so loud.

Yeah. I believe the screen went off there. I believe that he is totally legitimate and a really good business person.

I think his company, Vayner, is really, really hard to run. And he said that he was currently the COO and CEO. But great business.

I mean, good business. And he's totally legitimate. He's like.

Because you can like. What makes you say that? So you could put him in like the Donald Trump category of a guy who talks a lot.

And you're like, I don't know. This guy, the real deal. Right.

He's totally the real deal. He just talks a lot. But what were the little tidbits that gave you that impression?

Right. Because I believe that. I'm not saying you're lying.

So whenever I go to these offices, I ask them. I go, so how do you like working here? I always ask employees.

I ask the front desk. I go, what's. You know, and you can kind of tell if they actually like it.

Yeah. And he has 800 employees. So and the office space was it was really expensive real estate.

There was really nice furniture. Everything was set up professionally. It's a real business.

Right. So you could tell what's legitimate and what is it once you go in there. In this Hudson Yards office, they had Vayner Media water, bottled water.

The office was buzzing. Everyone had nice computers. It wasn't.

It's not a startup. Right. Felt like a legit operation.

Totally. For sure. 100%.

And kudos to him, man. He's he's talented. And you did the podcast, you know, rate your performance.

I gave myself a C plus. OK. And then because I was it was a I hadn't done any reps that day.

Like I did a podcast later that day and I had a red fire. Yeah. And I was like, all right, I'm on it.

It just it just fell a little flat. But Adam and his people said it was one of their favorite ones they've ever done. And do you have a little prep routine you would do?

Let's say before you get on stage, before you do an interview, how do you, you know, switch the light? Yeah. Well, I typically will like, you know how it is.

Like when we're doing this thing, I was in a piss. I was in a shitty mood a minute ago. And these lights turned on and you're like, all right, I got a little like snap out of it.

And what I do is I talk to the receptionist or I'll talk to the Uber driver just to like start get out of your head. Yeah. Get my words going and get in a better, happier mood.

Yeah. And that's usually what I do. OK.

Is that what you do? No. Like everything I try to like study and come up with like a framework for how to do it and like a technique.

And so I picked up two things. So I picked up one from Conor McGregor that he I was watching this documentary of him. Oh, you talk with a pencil in your mouth.

Pen in your mouth. Yeah. So this I tried it and it actually works fantastic.

So basically you take a pencil or a pen, you hold it sort of horizontal sideways. You bite on it. So it's in your mouth, you know, sort of going out past your cheeks.

And then you just talk for one minute. And what happens is because the pencil's there and your mouth's in this awkward position, your tongue has to really work to like flick over and under this thing to get to the spots it usually goes to. So you end up enunciating way better.

I don't know if it's placebo. I don't know if it really is like an actual warm up for your tongue. But this shit works.

I've recorded myself before and after and I can tell the difference. And other I had other people listen to it. I said, tell me which one of these sounds better.

And I don't know whether it's placebo or not. That one works for me. The other thing is like a quick physical change.

So push ups or something, push ups, a wind sprint, a jumping jack, a scream, music, whatever. I am a big believer that the fastest way to change the way you feel is through changing your body rapidly. It totally works.

That's like a Tony Robbins-ism. Tony Robbins has this great YouTube video. If you just YouTube young Tony Robbins and it's the same guy minus 25 years.

He's in a tank top and he's giving the speech and he talks about it. He goes, before I get on stage, people always ask me, okay, you're a public speaker. You do a really great job.

How do you do a great job of this? And he goes, because I don't make the mistakes most people do. He goes, most people are sitting in a low energy shell.

Their body posture sucks. And then they just get up on stage and they don't warm up. Like an athlete would never do that.

And he's like, I treat myself like an athlete. I get myself in a mental state, a physical state. And he goes, the second thing I do, I don't try to memorize what I'm supposed to say.

Because when you try to memorize what you say, you're trying to prepare. But what ends up happening is your mind is then editing. It's comparing what you're saying versus what you kind of didn't remember you were supposed to say.

And so you have this other whole thing going on in your head that takes you away from the moment. Third thing, and this is the last one. He goes, before I go up there, I convince myself that the audience has to hear this.

Like their lives depend on this information. Like they need, I'm here to help. And if I can get this across, like even with this podcast, for example, it's like, you know, somebody is out there.

They're commuting. They're, you know, they have this idea that they haven't taken action on. They're kind of beating themselves up about it.

Or, you know, they look around at the five people that they hang out with the most. And they're just like, these people are not like me. And we're in their ear balls.

And they're like, oh, there are people like me out there. And yes, I should take some action. And yes, I should have some fucking energy today.

And so he's like, I just convinced myself that they have to hear this. And then I'm here to serve them. And I was like, okay, I do that.

Just hearing that has made me feel better. There you go. Another thing that I did while I was out there is on Sunday night, I tweeted out.

So when I fly, I take a lot of Xanax. It's the only drug I do. I don't do any alcohol.

And sometimes the night before, I'll take it a little bit as well because I really hate flying. And so on Sunday night, I tweeted that I rented this Airbnb, which I did. And I'm going to host a meetup.

And I got 200 replies saying, let's meet up. Right. And I couldn't do that.

So I only let 20 trend subscribers come. And so the trend subscribers are also not 100 of you listeners or not 100% of listeners are subscribers, but all subscribers are listeners. Right.

And so I met, I think, at 30 ended up coming. And it was fucking awesome. It was so cool.

This one kid flew up from South Carolina or something. And I tweeted this on – the meetup was Monday night. I tweeted this on Sunday night.

Yeah. Like, there was no preparation. Like, all we did, me and Adam landed.

And on Monday morning, we went to the Mexican place next door and said, hey, can you bring over enough tacos for 20 people? Here's 200 or 300 bucks. And go buy us some beer and we'll pay you more money.

And that's all we did. And it was awesome. Yeah.

These people are fucking fanatical. It's crazy. It's nuts.

It's really odd. Who was the most interesting person? So many interesting people.

One guy – there was this one guy. I forget his name. Maybe he's listening.

He was an older – the eldest guy there, which is not old, but in his 50s or 40s. And he – it builds custom electric cars and through the Trends Group sold 50 cars to another Trends Group. Custom electric cars?

Yeah. What does that mean? Like, he was making – like, they took a – They took a Prius or a Ford?

No. They took – yeah. They took, like, some type of pickup truck and made it an electric delivery van.

Oh, wow. For a cannabis company in L.A. Because – who else did I meet?

I mean, I met all types of people. One guy who sells fake boobs for a living. So he sells – Tell me more.

Fairchild. Did this guy ever talk to you on Twitter? No.

His name is Fairchild? Hunter Fairchild. Oh, Hunter Fairchild.

Yeah, yeah. I see this guy on my Twitter all the time. Yeah.

His boss – He sells fake boobs for a living? Yeah. His boss invented, like, a better – Dude, what's in his bio?

Because I've looked at this guy's bio, and he's not advertising this. So let's – No, it was awesome. We'll put Hunter on blast.

It was me and this girl, Aditi, were just sitting down, and Hunter came, and we were just shooting this shit. And we were like, Hunter, what do you do? And this woman, Aditi, she's nice.

I met her before. We were just sitting there, and he's like, well, I sell breast implants. And we were like, what?

And we just started talking. I was like, so do you have, like, a woman who comes with you and, like, shows you – like, shows the buyers? Like, you need, like, sales brochures.

Like, how do you have – like, how do you show that your boobs are the best? And he was just, like, walking through this whole process. It was crazy.

I had never heard of such a thing. Yeah, me neither, but of course. He came up from Virginia for this.

That's great. All right, cool. So you can do more of that, or what?

Well, you and I need to do more. So what we can do is New York – we could get – easily, we could have gotten 200 people. Yeah.

So we can do one in New York. I think ACAST or whatever we use tells us where people are. Right.

We got to go to Canada. We got to go to Utah. When we shouted out Utah that time – I know.

I still get more of it all the time. Dude, the number of these friendly-ass Utah, you know, citizens, whatever they're called, Utahans, reach out all the time. Like, hey, when you guys are here, I got you.

So maybe, like – And it feels good to be taken care of like that. It does. It feels great.

Maybe – Great hospitality. Hmm. What month is it?

February? Yeah. End of February.

We should do a thing where we could try to hit up, like, three cities in five days. Right. Have a good one.

There he is. It does have to do a thing where we could try to do on the way to the right. objetivo of trying to mess in a kitchen after the