what's the system you've developed to get on stage and have that switch flipped. Cause when you came on within two seconds, it's like this guy's in a state of mind. He's in a state as we say, of like, he's here to perform.

He knows what he's here to do. There's no like tiptoeing into it. So I was wondering, what do you do the five, 10 minutes before or an hour before?

Well, I don't know what your kind of like warmup routine is. Yeah. I think you're ready.

Three hours before what I do is I like to do some form of exercise. And I try to get out of my head. Like it's a workout workout, or you're just trying to break a sweat?

What do you, what's the thing? Yeah. Trying to do on tour.

It's just about body maintenance. So I'll do running. I'll do some pull-ups, some core stuff, just stuff to get my body going and start breaking a sweat.

And what I love about like right around a minute, 30 to 45 is I'll get out of my head and into my body. And so much of life right now is getting out of your head. And it's funny, I called you randomly.

I was appreciate, I appreciate you picking up the phone the other day. We had a long conversation. We can get into that later, but so much of, I think what you do and what you put out in the world, and I call it like tech Twitter talk, it's all in your head.

Intellectual. It's all just heady, anxiety inducing stuff. Right.

Oh, Ethereum's up. Oh, Solana's this. It's like, it's all head shit.

Right. A body feeling thing. Right.

Like grounding yourself two feet on the ground. I'm here in this moment. What do I do?

And so much of performance and to be great at it, the best Chappelle, the best performers, they're not in their head, they're in their body. They're really there. Right.

Somebody screams, somebody says something, somebody heckles, they're in their body. When you watch Steph Curry play, when I watch Devin Booker play, these guys are so in their body. Right.

Luca's the best at this. He's in his body. He's in the, he's in flow.

Right. Because Luca's like a kid and kids do this well. Yeah.

Kids do this pretty naturally. I love that. The older you get, the more heady you get, which is you gotta fight that.

Yeah. You gotta fight that. Right.

And so that's a great way to get out of my head, get into my body. Then I'll probably, I eat something. Yep.

I take a shower and then I put, I put on the outfit. And for me, it's like being on stage. Uniform.

And putting on that, it feels like a uniform. And like, for me, it feels like, I want it to feel like a show. Like from the watch to the jacket, to the pants.

I'm like, there's a level of confidence that you have when you move into a room and you're like, Hey, from, from my heels all the way up to my head, I'm wearing my armor. Right. Like I'm coming correct.

Right. And you just, you carry yourself with a little bop. You're like, no, I feel better about myself.

My shit isn't slouching. There's no stains on my stuff. You know what I mean?

Like the moment I saw you today, you walked in, you're wearing your tech pants. I could tell you washed them a few times, but there's some stains on the backside. You know what I'm saying?

But that feeling of like, no man, when I'm coming in here, I'm going to be fresher than Sean. Yeah. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm just going to be fresh.

Yeah. That already gives me a feeling of like confidence. I know what I'm doing, you know?

Right. And by the way, the opener, Marcella, like Marcella was just like dressed to the nines. You know, it's a feeling.

Then I get to the show. I finish eating. I'll meditate.

So meditation for 10 to 15 minutes will allow me to just, again, get out of my head and drop into my body and something simple, just headspace. Right. Like I'm not getting too crazy about it.

Right. And what I love about headspace specifically is so much of it is just basic breathing, establishing a level of intention. I'll meditate and then I'll pray.

And for me, like prayer is really important because it's got to be about something bigger than just myself and my corporal being. I'm like, what am I doing this for? And just establishing an intention.

And for me, the intention is like love. Let me give joy to people. Right.

And I want the seed of everything that I'm doing to come from that, not be like, not be petty energy, angry energy. Um, I'm going to prove you wrong energy. Like I'm in the laughter business.

Right. Like I'm here to make you feel joy. Right.

Um, and that warm feeling. So establishing an intention there. I get to the, I'll get to the venue about an hour before I have a double shot of espresso.

Um, I'll let my bowels do what they do. You always get those jitters. Like you gotta pee, you gotta do what you gotta do.

And then about like 30 to 45 minutes before I like to be loose just with the, with the staff. Right. Let them know like, Hey, what's up?

How are you? Door guy, security guy, openers. Right.

You know what I mean? Another way to get out of your head, by the way. Yeah.

Just to be there, be with others, be there. Yeah. Talking to others, serving others in a way.

Yeah. And then, um, about a half an hour before, um, I'll go to my green room. I usually write it down.

I'll write down. It'll just be on hotel notepad paper. Hey, what are a couple of new tags that I'm working on tonight?

Right. Just move the ball forward a little bit. Remind myself, yo, I'm going to do this.

Um, for example, last night, one of the things I talk about in act one of the show is fertility. And a new joke that I did was like, you know what it's like being infertile as a man? I felt like Woody in toy story when his arm got ripped off.

Right. All that was a, that was just one line. And I was like, Hey, make sure you do the Woody toy storyline.

Right. You know? And, uh, every show I try to add a few of these extra moments and you add that up over the course of like a year, two years, three years, you start to see what works and what doesn't work.

And I'll, I'll have a thousand, 3000 different variations of that. Right. And then I get on stage and by the time I get on stage, there's just this feeling of like, now it's just pure play.

Whatever happens happens. Right. And, um, when I'm on stage, what I try to do is I try to remember when, when I'm opening in front of my crowd, they're like really hot.

And one of the things I try to remember is don't yell, don't scream. Try to actually bring them to you. Like set the tempo of the game.

Right. Don't get like too excited or too hot. Like you can whip them up, but then like sit down at the stool, bring them to you and like, make the room feel like it's coming to you.

You know what I'm saying? Do you ever watch a film of yourself basically? Yeah.

I watch tape all the time. Yeah. And so I see bad habits.

Watch yourself. Yeah. But it's cool though.

Actually, like those moments where you like, it's very painful for your ego. But there's a lot of growth in that. The only way to break through and get to like the next part is, is that part.