It's like, man, this thing is doing 200 million impressions per day. Can you talk about app 11? Because you said something.

So the other day I was talking to someone about businesses and I'm like, when it's working, do you know it's working? What's that feel like? And you made a comment earlier, like it's the first time I've ever seen where just this is what working feels like.

Right. What was that like? It's the feeling of like when you're slamming on your brakes in the car and the car is kind of doing its own thing and you're like, I'm not controlling the car.

It is just flowing on its own. It's that feeling where you build all these products and even at Apple and we did nine ideas before that I've done this for a long time where I'm just trying idea after idea. I try to get people to use it and you're looking for all these good signals and you're trying to spot it.

And then when it's really working, it's not about spotting it. It's so obvious that there's no question that it's working. And so it's all the charts are flying up.

But then every day you're not even like, man, is it working? Is it not? It's so obvious.

I got to do X, Y and Z to solve these problems that are coming up kind of day in and day out. And so it's definitely a feeling where the pull from the market is so strong that there's no there's no middle ground. It's I always thought it was like, oh, I'm going to kind of realize when I'm close to it.

But it's actually very binary. It's like you're here and it's not working and you're trying to push into the market, which you need to do. But when it happens, it just kind of takes off.

And, you know, I just I don't have really good analogies for it yet, except for that. Like it just it's like the loss of control. The market is in control most.

And you're just like trying to catch up and like, you know, get into that mindset of like, OK, great, this is working. We're going to keep like pushing whatever we need to do to kind of support this case. What was the revenue growth?

I mean, you guys were at zero. Then was it like one month? It could have been like 20 grand.

The next month it was like a million. I mean, was it that substantial? It wasn't that crazy.

But I think the interesting thing that I learned was there, you know, there were a lot of players in the market where you'd go to this weather app, right? And the weather app would do like, you know, you never realize the scale of some of these apps, even at that time. It's like, man, this thing is doing 200 million, you know, impressions per day.

And I'm like, a weather app? Like, really? Like, why is it so big?

And then you're like, great. If we get this customer, these things can happen. And so I think the weather, the weather app does how many impressions?

I think I forgot which weather app it was, whether it was weather bug or the weather app, but it was like 200 million impressions a day. Like, and I was like, I was really surprised at some of the scale of some of these apps. And like, you know, yes, we had the best ad platform.

Yes, we made, you know, we made all these small tweaks to the product to like make it work better. And we made our server scale and we did all these things. But I think to me, the fascinating thing was there were all these major players.

You didn't actually realize how big some of these opportunities were and kind of working at Apple oven. I was like, wait, I want to go do this. And like, when I left there, it was like, I'm not like a huge fan of like ad products.

Like naturally that's not the product that I get excited about. I love money. So I like, great.

It's a fantastic business. I like that. And I was like, oh, I'm going to go make these apps and games that are going to go do this.

And actually that's how I ran into Sean. I think he had checked out one of my games after I think we connected on AngelList. Was that right?

Yeah. I saw him on AngelList and I was like, something doesn't add up. Either this guy's full of shit because who would leave this company that's crushing it?

Like most people, when you finally hit a grand slam, you want to do the victory lap and people stay for seven years. And then they write this cheesy letter about how great the journey has been. And they're finally ready for their next chapter.

He basically left after three years. You weren't even fully vested, right? Yeah.

I left a little bit on the table, which again, I'm not complaining because everything's been fantastic. And but it was something counterintuitive. I was like, why would this guy leave either?

He got kicked out. He got fired. He's not good.

Blah, blah, blah. I was like, or this guy's amazing. He really just does love my history.

It was like, I just love startups. I want to build something that consumers use, not really an ad tech platform. And he was like, I was interested in mobile because I saw how big these mobile apps were on our ad network.

So he locked himself in his bedroom. It's like, I'm going to learn mobile in the next six months. And he just built a bunch of Android games.

And then I saw him on Twitter tweeting back with people who played his game. And I was like, dude, none of my developers, all the developers I have in my company that are great. None of them would ever go tweet at a customer and be like, Hey, you know, I'm going to fix that bug.

You know, I can make this better. Hey, what do you think about this? So I was like, there's something different about this guy.

What apps were you shocked at that? How big they were? A weather app does 200, the casino game apps.

I mean, that's not shocking. Is it? Um, the size of it was definitely shocking.

Uh, just because you always assume they're big and they're addictive, but then, uh, that, and then candy crush in their initial rise was the first time in the industry where I heard like, man, like this thing is a money printing machine. It's like, you know, they would, you know, and not all of this was at Apple open. It's like, once you're in ad tech, you're like learning about the industry, you're meeting other people.

And you're like, Hey, these guys are willing to just blanket pay eight bucks for a user in the U S and I'm like, okay, well that seems pretty expensive. Like, why are they doing that? And like, how much are they making?

$8 is what they were spending. Yeah. I think at that time it was like, Hey, if we're like a male, you know, 18 to 35 or something, it might be eight bucks or something like that.

And then on the other side, I talked to somebody over there and I'm like, they're like, yeah, dude, we make like 20 bucks on them. Like in like seven days. And I'm like, and maybe those numbers are slightly off, but like they were making a multiple to where you were like, wait, so you just have this machine where you just press this button and you put in money and the, you know, seven days later, three times more money come out.

And I'm like, wow. Like how do I get that? How do I empty my bank account every single day to go do that?

Well, you guys had that a little bit with Apple oven. Yeah. Apple oven had that.

I mean, I didn't have that. Right. Like I don't have the same mechanic.

Obviously you're at this company, you're vested, you have a shared interest in the long run, but you know, me being me, I was like, I want that. Like, I want the ability to have that. And then the freedom to work on things that I'm really excited about.

And so I tried that obviously it's a lot harder than just, you know, one person in their bedroom doing it. But, um, What did Adam app love and say, was he like, this just, we had no idea. Or was he methodical enough to see Adam is, uh, so fantastic at execution that it's just like, he's like a machine.

It's like, you know, when, when the thing I really loved about him and the things I learned the most from him were like, when you wanted to go do something, like, you know, sometimes you're like, Oh man, man, this situation isn't working. And Adam's the CEO of Apple oven. Yeah.

He's CEO of Apple oven. Uh, and you know, you have these situations where it's like, uh, I got to go do X or you really feel like you got to go make this move. This deal's bad.

Maybe this hire was bad or this hire was good or something like that. A lot of people kind of wait on it a little bit after deciding and you kind of create some time. What's a good time to do it for him?

It was like, okay, we'll just go do this now. Like what's stopping us. And then, you know, the other things like that were, you know, I started there as kind of an engineer and then very quickly he was like, Oh, you could run this team.

You could manage the whole team. Uh, I was like, great. We talked.

And then that's kind of always been my experience that like that never really gets communicated. And then it feels like cool. I'm like the manager, but not like, I think a lot of people end up in that situation, especially in companies.

And then like the next morning, it's like a meeting with the whole team. He puts the org chart up. And then every time we changed it, it was the same situation happened.

He was so clear and effective with his communication and execution that I was like, like, I really need to be like that. Like that's what like, I think a plus execution looks and feels like day in and day out. And it's like, it's not emotional.

It's very logical. It's very quick. And I think speed in these situations helps create clarity because when you, or the other way around clarity, help create speed.

Yeah. Or both. Right.

Like, you know, and I think clarity in the sense that if you delay it, your team becomes unclear and then it gets a little muddy and then you're like, wait, what is, what's going on here? Why is this guy kind of acting like that? And that person not.

And I think just being very fast and quick in that execution, once you decide you should go and execute it. Uh, and I think that that's, that's the thing that I learned is like, how quickly can you do that? And how effectively can you do that?

Whether it's an email, uh, and I, and I'm really not good at this. It's kind of one of the reasons I pointed at it. Cause I see myself kind of like, Oh, wait on this a little bit or send this email tomorrow.

I don't want to open up this kind of worms right now. Like, ah, and then it's actually, that's the exact opposite trait. It's like, just go have a bias for action and, and kind of go do that.

And so, uh, from him, I learned just, just an amazing amount in like, how do you operate at this level? And I mean, since I've left, they've grown so much that it feels like I was only at the 1% of it. Like, I feel like I don't know 90%, 99% of the story anymore because they've grown well beyond that.

They've expanded into other areas. They're really big now from the revenue side. They're really big now from, you know, what their marketplace is and they're very well known.

And, you know, I kind of get all the benefits from, from being there a long time ago, which is great for me, but you know, I'm sure there were more learnings that I missed along the way.