Welcome back to the third episode of Exit Strategy Podcast. We're here with one of my favorite founders. Her name's Kara, and she's the founder and CEO of Hint Water.

Kara, thanks so much for doing this. Super excited to chat with you. Yeah, absolutely.

Thanks for having me. I feel like you and I have met plenty of times in the past, but rarely have we had an opportunity to do like an in-depth one-on-one discussion. So really excited to do this.

Yeah, me too. So just a quick background on the history of Hint Water. You guys started in 2005.

Much like what you're drinking right now, you guys make a flavored water that's generally flavored with fruit. The water is generally non-carbonated, although you have a carbonated version. There's no sugar, stevia, calories, artificial sweeteners in the water.

Does all of that sound right? Am I messing up what Hint Water is? No, that's absolutely right.

We have over 20 flavors of our water. And then a few years ago, we came out with a carbonated version and then a caffeinated version of the product too. And so you started the business back in 2005 when you were making the switch from Diet Coke because you just didn't feel healthy drinking the 8 to 12 cans that you were drinking.

Is that right? Yeah. I just, you know, I never realized this about myself, but I, you know, it was really, I just, I really just wasn't happy with where I was at from a health perspective.

And I had gained a few pounds, but I had also, I had also developed really bad adult acne, which I had never even had as a kid. And I really felt like my energy levels were low too. And I couldn't really figure out what was going on.

And, you know, we were, I was at a time when I had taken, I had had three, I have four kids now, but I had three kids at the time. So I was taking a little break from work. I had left AOL where I was running their e-commerce platform.

And I just, you know, was interviewing for jobs. We were, we, my husband and I were redoing a house in San Francisco. And I just took the time to kind of, you know, get in shape.

And it's funny. I mean, I always tell people when I'm out speaking about sort of my background story, I really thought, I mean, I probably wouldn't have admitted it, but I really thought that my pathway to get healthy was just shopping at Whole Foods. Like if I went into Whole Foods and I went shopping there, then I was good to go.

Like I was like, you know, I was going to be healthy. And then I was like, okay, well, I'm not really getting any healthier. Things aren't really changing for me.

And I had been an athlete growing up. I was a gymnast. And so I, you know, started, I knew how to train.

And so I thought, okay, I'm really going to start working out and training and, and, you know, continuing to shop at and buy, you know, better for you products. But then nothing was still working. And so I ended up going to a few different doctors who basically said, you know, look, you're probably having too many cupcakes and I'm, you know, and, and that's why you're gaining all this weight.

And that's why you're having this problem with your skin or, you know, hormones, or you've had babies too close to one another. And none of it really made sense to me. So.

Your response wasn't like the cupcakes are from Whole Foods though. So I'm okay. Yeah.

No, I, I really, you know, I, I said, no, that's not really what's going on. So, so that at that point, I, I really started to take a closer look and, and, you know, maybe one of the doctors said, Hey, keep a diary of everything that you're eating and everything that you're doing. And I don't even think I really counted my diet soda consumption because I didn't really think of it as food.

I, I really viewed it as just like something else that I'm doing and there's nothing wrong with it. So why count it? But then one day I was looking at the label on, you know, was diet Coke was my favorite, the Pepsi people love me because I always talk about, you know, diet Coke and, and sort of my problem with diet Coke, not my problem with diet Pepsi.

And I realized how many, uh, ingredients I've had and so many of the ingredients, I just didn't really even understand. And so I thought, I don't know, maybe I'll just put it to the side for now and just see what happens, but not really thinking that there would be any dramatic change. And I swapped out my diet, my diet sodas for plain water.

And at that point, I really realized that, uh, you know, I had, things were getting better. My energy levels were coming back. My, uh, skin was better and I was losing weight and in two and a half weeks, and it was, it was a pretty dismal two and a half weeks.

Like I felt like I had a really bad case of the flu. I just didn't feel right. And I now look back on it as, as detox.

Like I, I didn't, I didn't call that then, but I was really getting off of, you know, the, at that time it was Splenda and NutraSweet and some of the other sweeteners that were going into these diet, diet drinks that I was drinking. And I had lost 24 pounds in two and a half weeks. My skin had cleared up, my energy levels were back.

And that's when I was like, God, I've actually been marketed to, and I've been told that something is better for me because it has the word diet. And that for me was like this epiphany. And again, like I had, I'd grown up in the publishing industry and the, in the tech industry, I had never really paid attention to, you know, labels on food as being tricky.

And so at that point, you know, I was kind of living my life and let, you know, another six months pass. And, you know, I kept losing weight. I sort of went through a period wondering if I was actually really sick because I was losing weight so much faster.

And, you know, my skin continued to stay great. And, you know, my energy levels great. And, and by the time six months rolled around, I had, I had lost 55 pounds, which was kind of my, you know, college weight.

It was like my goal weight. And it was dramatic. Like, you know, people would see me and they were like, gosh, you know, wow, you look like you lost a lot of weight.

And I'm like, yeah, I did. And everyone's like, are you okay? And I'm like, yeah, no, I'm, I'm really good.

I feel, I feel really good. And they're like, well, what diet were you on? I was like, I wasn't really on a diet.

I actually stopped drinking diet soda. And that's when I realized that I was educating so many people about my experience, including the guy who was stocking the shelves at Whole Foods. When I decided I really want, I started in order to drink water because then I realized I really wasn't a water drinker after all.

I thought, I don't know how long I can do this because I just am so bored by playing water. Yeah. I started slicing up fruit and throwing it in water.

And then I went looking at my favorite Whole Foods in San Francisco for that product. And everything had sweeteners in it that had fruit. And then a lot of times the fruit wasn't even, you know, real fruit that they were using.

It was, you know, lots of other stuff. So I, you know, really saw this like need in the market, but I never really thought, oh, I should, I should like go become a beverage entrepreneur. I mean, I really saw it as like, you know, this is, this is criminal what I've experienced.

And so many people really do want help, but have a really hard time finding it. And so you have this epiphany and you say, okay, you know what, like water is boring. It's hard to drink just, you know, plain tap water or bottled water week after week and adding fruit sort of, you know, changes that dramatically, right?

It's good for you and it's still water, but it's got a flavor. It's got flavor and it like lets you drink it consistently. So you start this business.

How do you make it the first year? Like, do you go to third party manufacturers and say, Hey, I'm interested in making him water or are you making it at home? I'm always curious.

Like, are you cutting up fruit? Um, as a third party manufacturer doing that, how, like, how did you guys make this stuff? Yeah.

So we, so initially, I mean, I was making it at home and, uh, and literally cutting up fruit and throwing it in water. And then what I realized pretty quickly, I don't know if anyone's ever sliced up fruit and thrown it into a pitcher, but if you, you know, even if you put that in the refrigerator, uh, which you need to do, you know, from a bacteria standpoint, you can't leave it out on the counter for too long, but it's sort of, I used to say it would get like smeggy looking like it would have, you know, the water or the fruit would actually get sort of soft. It would just like the pulp would be sort of funky after a while and it just wouldn't taste as good.

So I started to try and figure out, like, why was that? And then what I realized is that if we actually took, you know, the skins and oils of the fruit and created our own extracts and, uh, and then dropped a few of those into the water, then we could actually, you know, still be using fruit, but, you know, we're oftentimes we're using the rind. So people like, we just recently came out with a lime or a lemon flavor and people were asking us for years, like, you know, why don't you have a lemon flavor?

It's really odd. And because a lot of times we're actually using the skins and most of the time we're using the skins and oils. And so it would almost taste like, you know, the, the lemon naturally has like a, um, you know, it can taste almost like a turpentine, almost like a furniture polished, like sort of smell to it naturally.

And so, you know, it's just, again, it was trying to figure out exactly how we could do that in the right way that it wasn't, you know, like reminding people of, of that. I mean, same with cherry. I mean, cherry.

So, so often reminds people of bad cherry medicine, cough medicine that they used to take as a kid. And, you know, that was the same thing. It was like, you know, we just wanted to make sure.

And again, we're not using sugars or, or diet or any type of, you know, stevia or diet sweeteners in it too. So it's, it's really, there's not a whole lot to hide behind. It's really a matter of the type of lemon, the type of cherry, the process.

And, and, um, you know, so oftentimes, you know, people will say to us, well, you know, how do you get that well-rounded taste like year round? And, and oftentimes we're using actually grape skins, um, to actually round it out. But again, it's all, you know, vegan.

Um, and I say that, but a lot of people say like, Oh, it's fruit. Of course it's, it's vegan. And I'm like, well, actually that's not the case.

I mean, that was my epiphany when I was looking at a lot of these, you know, so-called diet, diet drinks that were out there. A lot of them that are claiming to be, you know, fruit are actually using things like bone marrow, natural, natural, the term natural in general, um, has a pretty wide, uh, definition. And so, uh, so, you know, cockroach wings, for example, are considered, you know, natural.

They're, they're oftentimes used for food coloring, uh, the red color in particular. So, you know, I, I always tell people that, you know, even bone marrow, like even if you are okay with, you know, eating bone marrow at a French restaurant, a lot of people think that, you know, the fact that they're actually drinking bone marrow, uh, and some of their drinks is kind of, you know, gross. And, and the fact that we're not actually calling that out in, in all drinks is, is just not okay.

Right? It's criminal. It's criminal.

Yeah. Um, I'm okay. I'd be okay eating chocolate covered cockroach wings once in my life, but I'd want to know what I was eating.

If there were cockroach, cockroach wings in, um, you know, a blow pop because it was red, I'd want to know that before I put it in my mouth. Like, um, that type of transparency seems like it should be table stakes these days in the food and beverage industry. Yeah.

And also like, and also bone marrow. I mean, you know, even, you know, that, that's one where, you know, more and more we're seeing people, you know, not that they're vegetarians, right. Or, or vegan.

And, and it's like, they, they are, there's, you know, some mainstream drinks that are out there that they've thought they've been drinking for years that actually have that. So, so that was, you know, for me that, that was, uh, you know, really kind of, we, I probably spent, you know, close to a year actually trying to figure out, we looked at a lot of flavor houses, um, because I had, you know, run into, I was trying to find a co-packer to actually bottle it. We kept getting pointed to all these flavor houses and, and that's the challenge that we couldn't actually, I mean, this was 15 years ago.

We couldn't really figure out what was in all of these flavors. And a lot of the flavors just were not as real as, um, you know, we wanted them to be. So that was when we started creating our own.

And can you talk to me a little bit about that, uh, about what it looks like today at your co-packer today or your bottling facility, are they, um, do they have like the rinds of lemons and, you know, pineapples and grapes and skins and oils? Uh, does that happen in a third party facility? How does that work?

Cause like, if there, that must be, uh, you know, I'm always amazed at businesses like yours, um, not only cause the, cause the drink is so spectacular, but just like making it, uh, do you have like, you know, I'm reading this book about McDonald's and they're talking about how they perfected the French fry. And for a while they were like, okay, we've got to make sure we get the oil right and the time right. And then it turns out that like, that's not the only thing that matters.

Cause if you throw cold potatoes into an oil, it's very different than if you throw warm potatoes. And then it matters in terms of like the sugar and starch that's already in a potato. So they have to go, they ultimately had to go back all the way to the manufacturer of like the potato in Idaho in order to make a consistent French fry for product like yours.

You're talking about rinds and oils of like lemons and grapefruits and grapes. Uh, is your co-packer doing that? Are they like getting these rinds and sort of mixing it with water?

What does that operational complexity look like? No, we actually have, so we now have a, we have a third party that just works for us that puts, that creates that for us. So they do have that, but we said, but we have multiple co-packers.

We are only distributing in the U S today. Um, but we send that into our co-packers. Uh, so yeah.

Are there any like crazy stats there? Are you, can you say like, you know, we, you know, like I looked at something about like, uh, uh, about Panda express and they're like, we use 30,000 pounds of chicken every X number of days or something to that effect. Do you guys look, are you like, Oh my God, we're the Lord.

We're one of the largest consumers of grapefruit skins in the country. Yeah. I, you know, I, I don't think we, I mean, we use such a tiny amount.

I mean, in every bottle, there's only like two to three drops of the, of the oil. And so I wouldn't actually say that, you know, we were like a major producer of it. I mean, what's really interesting about it.

We, you know, people always ask us like, you know, do you use organic fruit? And we try to use organic whenever we can, but you know, the key thing for us is no pesticides. And what I always tell people about organic fruit, when you go into, you know, these co-packers and, you know, our original co-packing plant that we used was, uh, and still use it every once in a while is it, they also do, uh, they're on an apple orchard.

So they have, you know, lots of apples and they do other people's products and send fruit in. And, and I'm just amazed at how much fruit that actually gets produced into juices that actually has mold on it. And so, you know, I, I mean, it's, it's a problem.

And so, you know, we don't want, that's sort of another reason why we really want to produce our own, our own flavors too, because we're, um, you know, we have a lot more control over that and being able to see that, you know, we're, we're getting what we're getting, you know, that doesn't have, uh, that doesn't have the mold on it. But just in terms of, you know, complexity, I mean, we make it, you know, easy to, to, uh, you know, drink our water and, and, you know, it's pretty, it's, it looks pretty simple on the outside. The truth is, is it's not that simple because of temperature and, you know, and, and everything else about it, but I always, you know, you and I have talked as, as founders, I mean, you know, there's all these founder stories that, uh, I actually, my book is coming out in October that really dives into a lot of these, you know, nightmare stories along the way, you know, of creating, uh, not just hint, but just sort of like other stuff from AOL and, and sort of my, I was in the early days of CNN.

I mean, just sort of a, you know, lifeline a little bit, but, and what I've learned along the way, but, uh, but you know, it's interesting. We, we produced the first, uh, non-alcoholic, uh, water company that didn't have, with fruit in it, that didn't have preservatives in it. And so I, and for me, I really, you know, just didn't trust the word preservative when I first started.

I, you know, I couldn't exactly, right. And it's just, and I thought, I kept asking the question, I go to these co-packers and I kept asking the question, like, you know, why do we need preservatives? And they're like, because in order to have a shelf life to go be on the shelf at target, you need to have, you know, extended shelf life.

Otherwise, you know, you're, you're not going to be able to grow this company. And so, you know, there was a point, probably a year into being, you know, in whole foods, we were in probably a little over half the country and we almost just shut the company down because we just couldn't figure out how to do it. And, you know, my husband, Theo, who's our chief operating officer.

I mean, I really give him full credit. I mean, we literally like thought we had tried aseptic packaging and, and, you know, really just, we're looking at all different ways to ultimately do this. And then finally, I remember him getting up in the middle of the night and I heard him out in the kitchen, really trying to figure this out.

And I said, what are you doing? And he was like, you know, I'm just trying to figure out if we can use heat and just to actually, you know, but it's tricky because of the sugars and, you know, you don't want, you know, to turn the fruit. And I always tell people, you know, just in layman's terms, it's like a cooked carrot versus a raw carrot or a, you know, raw, raw strawberry versus a cooked strawberry, very different type of thing.

And so you have to be very careful with it. And so it's not a straight shot of heat. There's actually, you know, ups and downs along the way in order to make sure that that doesn't, you know, change.

And so when I, when I talk about like, this is a product that is not easy. I mean, it's probably, you know, the biggest reason why companies like have had a hard time replicating it over the years, because it's, it's, you know, it takes time and it's, you know, it's an artisan product that is, that is really, you know, priced as a mainstream product for, you know, anyone to enjoy. And so the heat, is that like a form of pasteurization that you're doing in order to provide shelves, shelf life.

Gotcha. Okay. And so that was like one early on, you're basically like, we cannot put this on the shelf anywhere because the shelf life is several weeks as opposed to, you know, a year or two, which is what you really need to get into like target.

Yeah. And so we used to, I mean, this is, this is a segment in my book. I mean, it's, you know, it's, it's like funny now, it wasn't funny then, but I mean, we used to go into whole foods and we'd stock the shelves in whole foods.

And we actually had inventory in our warehouse and in our garage, but we would just tell them like, Oh, we, we, this is all we have. We're out of stock. And so they would yell at us because they're like, you guys don't have enough stock, you know, to maintain this relationship.

And the truth was, was that we were really nervous that we didn't have, you know, the stability on the product. And, and, you know, I always tell entrepreneurs this too. We were, you know, Theo, who's, you know, my husband and our chief operating officer, I mean, he was an attorney prior to helping me start Hint and he had worked on the, the case.

I don't know if you remember, Adwalla when they had the E. coli, you know, a few kids died. I mean, it was horrible and they were not like pasteurizing the product and it was awful.

And so he learned like a lot about, you know, shelf stability, but also, you know, the dangers of it. And so every single day, literally in the early days of Hint, I mean, we were taking our product to a lab to make sure that, you know, it was actually, I mean, it was truly, we, we believed it was safe, you know, and, and knew that, you know, we didn't want to mess around with people's lives at all. But when I see that, you know, I've talked, I'm sure you've talked to many entrepreneurs and, and especially in the food space.

I mean, it's just, it's frightening to me sometimes when I hear like, people are like, Oh yeah, no, we haven't, we haven't really figured it out because our volumes aren't that big. And I'm thinking. Yeah.

For an ingestible, that's nuts. Yeah. How could you possibly think that that's okay?

There was actually a deodorant, there's a startup deodorant brand that launched, um, a couple of years ago, got into target, had stability issues. All of their deodorant would melt basically three months into, uh, their shelf life. And, you know, they got recalled at target, uh, target ended up giving native their shelf space.

And it was a complete disaster. And like for, for, from that perspective, it's bad, both from a brand perspective, from a customer perspective, because target doesn't really trust your brand any longer. And from a, you know, consumer perspective, because you're selling an inferior product for an ingestible product that could harm a consumer.

Um, that's like unforgivable. Um, I do want, yeah, it's crazy. I do want to talk a little bit more about that.

You know, um, in preparation for this podcast, I looked at, uh, you know, I did a bunch of research on him today. You guys are a massive company, you know, um, uh, like I'll, you know, there was this guy that works at native who would not drink any water. He would only drink hint water.

I'm pretty sure he brushes his teeth with it. And anytime we'd have to travel, he would have to Instacart hint water to the hotel before we landed. So we go to like Vegas and new Orleans and, you know, a different, like Minneapolis and he was Instacarting water.

It was crazy. A huge fan of hint water. Um, and, you know, from, from what I can tell, like, you know, I've seen articles in 2006, 2018, you guys are somewhere in the 90 to a hundred million dollar run rate back then, you know, back then, what were the numbers looking like in 2005 and where were you getting sales from?

Because, you know, this is 15 years ago, direct to consumer isn't nearly what it is today. Where were those sales from? And what did, what did those sales look like?

So it's a, so, you know, we started out, uh, I mean, literally delivering cases and, and, you know, I was doing it initially. I just had my fourth child and, and, you know, I joke, I joke about this, but I think Theo just really thought I was out of my mind. I mean, I had four kids, age of six and I'm, you know, a previous vice president, uh, you know, a tech company and, you know, it's, he's like, wait, I get that it got you really healthy, but why do you really want to do this?

I mean, you're, you know, you can go get a job somewhere else and, you know, go make a lot of money. And, and I thought, you know, for me, it was really about, you know, resetting health for people. And, and like, I didn't care whether or not I didn't set off in my business plan to, to actually go build a billion dollar company or become the next Red Bull or vitamin water or whatever.

For me, it was really about, you know, helping people change health. And I really believe when I described this company to people, I said, if I can actually just get it in the hands of people, especially the people that are drinking these, you know, flavored waters or vitamin waters or diet sodas, or even, you know, full fledged sugar sodas, and get them to drink our product, maybe they'll eventually get to water, maybe they'll never get to plain water ever. But like, we could actually change health in, you know, the world and, you know, in our little, you know, area or whatever.

And, you know, that, that did not only mean, you know, helping people to like, we were hearing early on that this was, you know, and I saw it myself helping me lose weight, but it was also, you know, type two diabetes at that time was probably 2% of the population. I mean, it's, you know, upwards of 45% of the population just in the US have, you know, type two diabetes or prediabetes and heart disease and lots of other things. So I thought, you know, that, how do I get it in the hands of people?

And so when we initially went into Whole Foods, I mean, that was the first retailer and around the Bay Area went into some others. I was actually interviewing sort of like not seriously interviewing, but had had a few conversations with this guy, Amid Kordasani, who was at Google at the time, and he worked with my husband at Netscape. And, and so Amid was talking to me about a job at Google.

And, you know, he was really nice and kept upping the salary that he was talking to me about. And after a while, I was just like, you know what, Amid, like, you know, it's really nice. And I consider you a friend that likes you a lot.

But for me, it's really about, it's not about an offer right now. It's about, I don't really want to commute down to, you know, Palo Alto and Mountain View. I really want to stay up in the Bay Area, but then I really, you know, I just want to go and do this and see if I can actually help lots of people.

And so that was a major turning point for him because Amid said to me, you know, somewhat joking, but he was like, oh, well, do you have, do you have a sample of this product? And I pulled it out of my bag. And he was like, of course you have a sample of the product.

Yeah. Okay. So you're actually selling him during a job interview in order to get Hintwater into Mountain View's offices.

Yeah. But I never even thought of it as like Google. Yeah, sure.

That's what it turned into. But he said to me, he was like, oh, you know, we have this guy, Charlie, who was our chef. And, you know, he will talk to Charlie about it and see.

And I was like, okay, cool. Yeah. If you guys like want it in your offices, that'd be really fun.

And I had no idea what I had stumbled upon. And, you know, Charlie ends up calling saying, hey, I really like Amid a lot. Like, can you send me some samples of the drain?

Yeah, we'll give it a try and see what happens. We've been doing food and it's going well, but let's, you know, give him to try as well. And, and, you know, he called back a couple of days later and he's like, do you guys have more supply?

And I'm like, uh, yeah, do you have, you know, another office? And he said, oh, we're just going through this like crazy. So very within like two weeks of that conversation with Amid, Google became our number one retailer.

I mean, like, I, so is it, is it your number two accountants to go Whole Foods? Then Google sort of like, uh, gotcha. Yeah.

They quickly overtook it. I mean, like I say retailer in quotes, right. They weren't really a retailer, but I mean, it was such a, yeah.

And they were, they were just, and you know, it's interesting because Google was really trying to make sure that they had healthier and better for you, you know, products, not just drinks, but also food. Like they were, I mean, they were really aware of it and very early. And so, uh, so that was like the beginning of 2006.

And so, I mean, that was like, and again, like we were, you know, still trying to get our shelf life, our shelf life was maybe six months and we were trying to figure out if we could, you know, get it higher. I mean, today our shelf life is two years. Um, Do those B2B sales still make up a significant part of your revenue?

Like, you know, you sell into Google. I know I discovered your product at a startup as well when I was working out of, uh, somebody else's office and it was in the refrigerator. Those B2B sales make up a significant percentage of your revenue today.

Or is it sort of like now you're in Whole Foods and Target and Walmart and sell on Amazon. And so it's still nice, but less significant. Well, it's interesting.

I mean, we're, we're obviously taping this during a crazy time in history. Sure. Yeah.

That's a great point. Right. And so our food service sales, uh, you know, just because nobody is going into offices is actually cut with, it's interesting.

We're actually talking to, uh, a lot of the, uh, executives that some of these companies and some of them are even sending them home cases home to their employees, just as a, you know, gifting them just to say, Hey, continue to stay healthy. Um, but you know, food service has really been, I mean, the, the sort of corporate food service has been massive for us started with the tech companies in Silicon Valley that just really embraces. And then they would embrace us.

And then they would go into their local store and say, Hey, look for the product. Yeah. Yeah.

That's great. What a great like flywheel effect. Yeah, no.

And I always tell entrepreneurs too. It's like, you know, it wasn't strategic that we, I said, God, if I can just go get Google or I can go get Facebook. I mean, I remember, you know, Sheryl Sandberg's assistant when she left Google and she went to Facebook and she called me and said, Hey, you know, would you guys deliver this company, uh, Facebook?

And they were still in Palo Alto at the time. And so I was like, sure, you know, no problem. I had, yeah.

And so that's, and so when did you like, you know, in 2005, you get whole foods, 2006, Google comes along, Facebook comes along the business at some point, obviously the, like the, you know, something sets in your mind where you're like, I'm not just delivering products anymore. This can be a legitimately large business. Um, at what point did you raise money?

Like, you know, you, uh, uh, compared to most of the startups that I speak with in San Francisco that have not been around for 15 years, you know, it's pretty recently, like, you know, their, their first check won't be more than five or six years ago. When did you guys first raise money in the life cycle of your business? So I think it was early 2007 and, you know, I, we sort of did this a little bit differently.

I mean, maybe to some extent, you know, I, I think, you know, you're probably you very similar where, you know, we really thought early on that I still wanted to have like dinner with my friends and not have them asking me like how, you know, how's it going? Right. And so I, I was able, I mean, we, we had made a little bit of money and, you know, with Netscape and with AOL.

And so, and we thought, you know, we have to be careful, but let's just, let's just try and see how long we could go with self-funding. And, you know, I always tell entrepreneurs too, I mean, we had an amazing house in, in San Francisco that we had gutted and remodeled and all, you know, four kids were, you know, the, that we, we had a baby at the time, but the three kids were in the private preschools and private schools in San Francisco. And, you know, I remember looking at Theo one night saying like, you know, this is not really that sustainable.

If we're going to be sitting here, like trying to pay for school, like how can we actually conserve money and actually put it into, you know, our company. And so, you know, that's when we decided, let's go find good public schools around the Bay area. And, and, you know, and that's what we did.

And we moved out to Marin County and, you know, again, like Marina's gorgeous and nice. It wasn't like we were sacrificing in any way. Yeah.

And so today, can you talk, so today, can you talk a little bit about how much you've raised, you know, over the last 15 years? Yeah. I mean, we've raised, you know, this, this part is all public.

I think it's a little over 60 million, but we've raised in sort of a different way. We, we haven't done venture or, you know, no private equity. We have a family office out of Brussels, which was, you know, they've got a little more money into the company or into their, their family office than, than they originally did, but it really stemmed off of the Stella Beer family.

And so. And why do you put, why did you like the family office versus a VC? Like it's apparent to me, to be clear.

I just want to make sure listeners understand, like why is a family office different or better for you than a VC? Yeah. I mean, I sort of, I didn't know back then when, when we necessarily took money, but these guys had actually been investors in vitamin water and vitamin water had sold to Coca-Cola.

And so part of their, they came to us and sort of part of their, you know, thinking was we really want to invest in, you know, healthy lifestyle and better for you products outside of Europe. And so they were looking, you know, at the, at hint and, you know, approached us and said like, why wouldn't you take money? You know, we had advisory, we had an advisory role with vitamin water and we were big investors.

And so, you know, that was really like our thinking back then, but, you know, I, I laugh and I don't know if you ever talked to sort of Silicon Valley investors. I mean, we are stocked in most of the Silicon Valley, you know, offices and, and, but, and, you know, we definitely, when we were going out and raising money, I mean, we would pitch some of these people. And what's interesting is that so many of these people, you know, they love drinking can.

It would always start off like, Oh, we drink can all the time. We love your product. Everything's great.

But many of those people, you know, people always invest in what they know and, and what they think they can add value to. And so I think that they viewed us as a company that if we actually were doing it right, then, you know, Coca-Cola would come in and they would just knock us off. And the truth is, I mean, this sort of, you know, I'm skipping to the end game on this, but the truth is, is like, you know, Coca-Cola has knocked us off like six times.

I mean, and every time it's just not what their core competency is. You know, they go against When people ask me the same, people ask me the same question. Why, why didn't P and G build their own version of native?

And I'm like, it's the same reason that when you look at a bird, you don't, you're not like, Oh, now I know how to fly just because you've seen something grow. It doesn't mean that it's in your DNA. And the people who work at Coca-Cola didn't start Coca-Cola.

They're stewards of multi-billion dollar brands like Sprite and, you know, Diet Coke and, and Powerade. And so like, their skillset is to steward those brands and grow them as fast as possible, but in a very different way than going from, like the difference between going from zero to 50 million is very different than going from 1 billion to 1 billion and $500 million, right? Or even 1 million, $1 billion, like it's a very different skillset.

I mean, I remember when that, Oh, sorry. When the first, you know, when the first time that they came in and, and knocked us off, I mean, I always talk about it as on a timeline that like, that was a really bad day. I'm sure you guys had this, you know, same day by one of these big guys.

And what I realized is that it actually has helped us to get more space because they eventually have given up because, you know, there's probably internal fights, especially, you know, when you look at kind of the mothership of these soda companies, it's sugar, right? Which is sore, which is totally counter to what we're doing. We're just getting people to drink water that tastes better and that's it.

And so it's, and, and so every single time they've come out with a drink that is a, you know, competitor, it's just, it's just, we've noticed it's hard for them and we end up getting more space. And so just going back to your VC question, I mean, we would talk to these VCs and, you know, first of all, a lot of these VCs, I mean, the core consumer for diet Coke is female and it's no surprise. There's a lot of VCs that are not female and especially, you know, 12, 13 years ago when I was pitching.

So I'd be in there talking about, you know, my diet Coke addiction and they would, they would look at me like, well, that wasn't really addiction, was it? And I was like, oh no, it was, it was really like, it was right up there with like, you know, cigarette addiction or like, unlike the same timeline. And they're like, really?

Like people actually have that. And, you know, and again, it was just not what they knew. And so they would still keep ordering cases and cases, a hint to consume.

In fact, some VCs have told me that they won't invest in, in tech companies unless they have hint in the office. Cause they really, really believe that like they, that they, you know, understand what their employees need to stay healthy. I mean, crazy stories like that a lot.

But, but yeah, I mean, they just wouldn't end up investing. And so, and so we ended up, you know, going a different route and, and, you know, just raising from a lot of individuals. So we have over a hundred investors in the company and, and people.

Yeah. So John Legend is on your cap table. I think my brother actually, you know, transparency is also on your cap table.

But I want to fast forward a little bit to today. You know, I've heard you talk a lot about how about 40% of your business is online now versus brick and mortar, which is crazy. Cause I think it's like, you know, I want to talk to you a little bit about shipping costs later on in this conversation and how you sort of manage those because, you know, shipping water is not an easy thing to do.

But let's, let's talk a little like, you know, 40% of it is online, 60% is in brick and mortar stores. Can you talk a little bit about the brick and mortar stores that you're in right now? Yeah, I, it's, you know, we've, we've started in, in sort of the specialty store market, which is like the, you know, Whole Foods and Sprouts and, and some of the local ones, and then went into conventional grocery.

I think where we really had the toughest challenge and congressional or in conventional grocery was with, you know, we just didn't have the bandwidth and, and the people that the big, you know, soda companies have. And so we would, you know, just get knocked off the shelf and, you know, we wouldn't have the slotting fees and, and, you know, lots of stuff was going on. I think that's where, you know, we really started to realize, not only from a revenue standpoint, but also from a, you know, it just wasn't as, as challenging to compete inside of these tech firms.

And then, you know, lots of other, it wasn't just Silicon Valley, but lots of offices in New York were cropping up that were extensions of Silicon Valley or, or LA or whatever. And so we started getting into more and more, and then, you know, companies that wanted to be like Facebook and Google and, you know, recruit people like they would, they would end up putting us in. So, you know, we became, you know, pretty giant in those companies.

And then, and then, you know, we, we finally got into target a few years ago, you know, in a, in a pretty, pretty decent sized way. We were, you know, we started out with a few feet of space. I mean, again, like, I'm sure you and I could swap stories on this.

It's just, you know, we, we had gotten to a point where we sort of understood, like, if we didn't have enough shelf space, then, you know, we just wouldn't be seen. Nobody sees your product. Yeah.

Yeah. And so we would like look little. And so I remember reading a case study on Tom's, you know, the Tom's, I mean, they're toothpaste and lots of, Tom's of Maine and lots of things.

This was, you know, before they were acquired, but I remember hearing sort of their sales plans. And they talked about, like, they got to a point where they would tell buyers, like, you know, if you don't give us this kind of space, you know, they, their sales team would just say, I, you're just not ready for us. Sure.

Like, we'll come back. Like, it's all good. And so we really started saying that, you know, to these large retailers, because we knew that we would fail unless we actually had a certain presence.

And so we, we ended up going into Target and then, you know, really got smarter about the data too. And, and started realizing, I mean, it's, I'll give you a crazy statistic. I mean, in, in Target, we do more dollars per square foot than some of the large brands, like a vitamin water, for example.

And, and so that is like, when you can actually take that kind of data and you can't do that when you're first starting a company, right? And you're not even going to register on this data. But when you start being able to articulate that to these buyers, I mean, you, you know, you're just getting smarter about, you know, the data and sort of what you're doing.

And I think just sort of how that relates for us into the e-commerce side of the business too. I mean, that, you know, is, is sort of its own story. I mean, we started, we, we had gotten into Starbucks and other big food service company.

We were in 11,000 Starbucks and, you know, which was a great day when we rolled out in Starbucks and we were only one flavor. It was the Blackberry and, but we were, you know, rolling along and doing, you know, two to three times what their goals were for us. And, and one day we got a call from a buyer at Starbucks that said, Hey, we're, you know, we're going to bounce you out of here because, because Howard Schultz said that, you know, we're only going to have beverage brands in here that are distributed by Pepsi, because Pepsi is actually doing the distribution for us for our ready to drink Starbucks drink.

And, and so I always, you know, my big lesson learned from that day was, you know, don't have too many eggs in one basket. I mean, we really, that was a bad day. And, you know, I don't cry very often, but I went home and I cried and I thought, how am I going to tell my investors and board about this?

And then I remember a couple of weeks later, you know, I resurfaced and I'm like, look, I'm not going to lie. It was really bad that we got bounced out of there. But at the end of the day, we just need to find these consumers because we were doing well.

And Starbucks actually paid us for product and they exposed us to places like Chicago and, you know, lots of places, Texas and, and places where we didn't even have distribution. And so a couple of weeks after that happened, we got another email from, from, you know, another big brand. They weren't even that big back.

Well, they were pretty big, but they didn't have a grocery business. I guess it was six, seven years ago at Amazon and they were sharing grocery business. And I, I, you know, took the email and I said, you know, tell me about this grocery business.

And I, I mean, I had dealt with Jeff Bezos in the early days when he was just a book, you know, retailer when I was running, when I was running AOL's business. And I, I really believed that, uh, or I wasn't, I didn't know if I really believed, I wasn't sure whether or not this was a serious business because I thought Amazon gets into little businesses and sometimes you hear about them and sometimes you don't. And I wasn't sure whether or not they could be serious and in the grocery business because of weight and all kinds of issues.

I thought, I don't know, maybe they have it figured out because they're doing books and those are pretty heavy. And so, uh, but I had a lot of, you know, blackberry hint in the warehouse that was supposed to be, you know, going to Starbucks. And so I sold it to Amazon instead.

I sold it to Amazon. And so that was the only flavor that we had on Amazon. And then very quickly they, you know, told us like, you guys are one of the number one products and grocery.

But in addition to that, what we're seeing is that, you know, this goes back to the data side of the story. They, they said, we're seeing that your consumer is also buying things like, you know, and, you know, better for you products. And I thought, wow, that's really interesting.

And I asked Amazon for the emails of these consumers because I was like, I'd really like to reach out to them. And they said, no way you're not getting, you're not getting this. I'd love to ask you, but yeah, sorry, go ahead.

Well, I'd love to ask you a little bit more about the, about the data side of things, which you were talking about. Like, um, you know, at native, uh, we were entirely direct to consumer through our own website. So we understood things like AOV really well, repeat purchase rate when customers would purchase.

And if they didn't in, you know, X number of days, what we should be doing in order to retain them. And once we launched into target and Walmart and CVS and Walgreens, like that data became a lot more gray to us. We did, you know, it was hard to understand repeat purchase rate.

Cause did you buy at our store? Did you buy on our site? And then you bought at target?

Did you buy in target? And then you bought on our website. We don't know if it's your first purchase or your second.

Um, did you guys experience the same type of like, uh, fuzziness with your data once you launched, like, you know, going from selling everything yourself in 2005 to now having a robust online store, a robust Amazon store, a big, uh, target business. Um, do you guys experience that data fuzziness or like, is there something that you're doing to sort of help you through that, um, morass? So I, so, you know, we obviously have sales numbers that, that go in by store and, and I say obvious, it's like, you know, again, you get to a certain level in these stores and they'll start to give you some of this data.

So somebody like a target, uh, we definitely have that. And then we can, you know, match that with how we're doing on our own website and which is what we did after, you know, Amazon. Um, but it's, uh, you know, it's, it's still very difficult for us to see that, you know, Lisa Smith is purchasing on, you know, drinkhint.com and then they're also going and purchasing a target.

Yeah. But I think the Holy grail, that's the Holy grail of attribution. Yeah.

And I think it's, it's really tough. I mean, the only way, you know, I think electronics have been able to do it because they get you to like, get a, you know, warranty plan or something. Yeah.

Yeah. Right. But for consumer products like, like ours, but I think what online has allowed us to do is when we see, for example, we can go back into, you know, I'll pick on target or Costco.

We're, we're going in nationwide into, into Costco and next few weeks. So it's, you know, it's interesting because we're able to say to them, like, you know, here's our top 10 markets or cities inside of, you know, our drinking.com and we can also match that to a target. We don't necessarily have to say, Oh, this is targets data, but we can say, this is a major retailer and we can show this.

And, you know, again, you get in front of a buyer that really understands the data and it's just, it's obvious that they're missing. Right. And then also, I think from a standpoint of, of the one other thing that I'll just say really quickly that it allows us to do is that, you know, I always say to entrepreneurs that if, for example, a major retailer that's in Florida was to just come and turn you off as a consumer, you know, just decide we're going to kick you out of here and you're no longer going to be in here.

You know, what I realized is that without having our own online site, we're actually able to go in and market. So you're, you're really hedging your bets. Sure.

And, and, and it allows you, you know, to be able to grow the business. I mean, what I've realized now is that retailers need to do what they need to do. Right.

And, and I need to do what I need to do for Hint as well. And so the more you can have, you know, options out there, and certainly during, you know, this whole Corona incident, I mean, it's, you know, we're considered essential. So we're still in stores and, and, you know, going in, I'm doing my part to help the sales team once a day to go in and check on supply and, and et cetera.

But, you know, I think being able to, you know, have a direct to consumer business that is, you know, higher now than 40% of our overall business has allowed us, you know, to really like grow our business when, you know, these restocking issues are, you know, someone else's problem and unfortunately products get hit by it. Yeah. And then too, like, you know, you were talking about getting into Costco in the next few weeks, which is amazing.

Congratulations first. When it comes to that, do you find, are there pricing issues among the retailers that you have in Amazon? Like for a native, it was hard to hold the price.

It was hard to hold the price everywhere consistently. Like, you know, today, Walmart will sell at 1197 and Target will sell at 1199, but that's basically the same price. You know, one of our concerns was that we would all of a sudden have somebody drop the price to $9 or $8 and then have to deal with something like that.

Do you guys have any of those issues or are you guys sort of like good when it comes to pricing on the product? So we never try to, you know, we give a suggested retail price and people have different margins that they're working on. But, you know, look, Walmart and Target have amazing algorithms that will change on a dime, you know, depending.

And, you know, and so, you know, we have consumers who write to us and ask us, should we buy on your side or should we go to Target and buy the product? You know, they, they're like, we just want to know where's the best for the small business. Right.

And so we always say to people like, wherever you want, you're the consumer, you're in charge. Any place that we deal with is, you know, like we're excited that they're growing the business. But there's always going to be people that are going to come to native site or insight and, you know, buy.

And I think there's this perception that it's like fresher if you, you know, get the product on our site. And, you know, that's not true. I mean, as soon as we make our product and, you know, I mean, we actually, it's a, it's a longer conversation, but that's sort of another thing.

And we, we, we really don't, we, we pretty much are, are making our product on demand. I mean, as, as soon as I like, we, we spend very little money in warehouse, housing because we're, we're making it and it is going out the door. And so, and it's, you know, constantly running, but we've got sort of the supply chain thing where, you know, I think pretty advanced about that.

So even through this whole Corona, you know, situation you know, I saw early on probably a week before people were even talking about sort of these hoarding issues and out of stock issues, I said to our sales team, like this whole auto replenishment thing is not working at many, many stores that I've been into. And, you know, the response I got back from our team was like, well, they keep telling us that they're on auto replenishment. And, you know, I mean, we, we also have a product where, where, you know, depending on how much space we have in stores, if people come in and buy 10 bottles of Hint, which is common, you know, they'll, they'll wipe out the shelf, right?

Yeah. And so it should, and so it's supposed to match with registered data to say like, oh, you've got to automatically reorder it. But they, stores have never seen anything like this, not just for Hint, but for like other products.

And so, you know, they just couldn't keep up with it. So we went around to all of the buyers of all of our, of all of our companies that we work with. And we said, look, there's, there's definitely an auto replenishment product and, and somewhere in here, but you know, we're not going to try and figure this out.

And we don't expect you to go figure this out. If you want to, you know, like order from us directly, we've got trucks that will truck our product right into you. And, you know, I'd say over 50% of the people that we deal with just said, you know, yeah, let's do that.

Even if it's just for a couple of truckloads to catch us up, that's fine. But again, like, you know, the number of shelves that I look at now and that are just empty, you know, I think, I think we, we just watch it really carefully. And, you know, people are like, how did you know that?

And I said, I just, I don't know. I've been, you know, I, I've, I've watched it. And, you know, it's, it's what great founders and CEOs need to do.

You need to really understand, like, why is this happening? And I'm sure once, you know, the whole, everybody gets back to work and goes back into an office and, you know, I'm sure the number one thing that a lot of these grocery retailers are going to do is figure out this auto replenishment thing. Cause it's a mess.

It's, you know, it's absolutely. And I don't know who owns those companies and those softwares, but they're, they're not, they're not perfect. Sure.

We would love to shift the conversation really quickly to marketing. I have a couple of questions here. One, have you guys had a booth at Expo West in the past?

And I'm pretty certain you have, or you've been to Expo West, but do you find those types of events? Do you find those types of events helpful to your business to like network with buyers? Like, I'm sure there are a lot of people who are listening, who are going to be starting food service businesses or who in the, who are in the food or beverage industry, who, you know, may not want to spend the money it takes to get into Expo West.

Did you find that to be helpful when you were growing Hint? Yeah, for sure. I mean, our first one, our first show was at Fancy Food in New York.

Yeah. And, and a few weeks after we actually put the first bottle on the shelf at Whole Foods. And I mean, I literally got the worst space possible and, and, you know, in New York and, and I had no idea, you know, I had been to some tech booths, but I just thought, I mean, it happened.

So last minute, I literally like brought my own table in and set it up. And it was just, I mean, it was super bare bones and we had every buyer from Whole Foods lining up. So I always tell, you know, entrepreneurs too, it's like sometimes when you actually look pretty scrappy, but you have a great product, it like it's, it's, you know, they're, they're going to come, come by you and, you know, and, and they'll, they'll recognize that you're, you know, that you're authentic and real.

And, you know, I, I mean, I, I laugh now because I had no idea what UNFI was and some of these distributors, I'd sort of seen Cisco trucks around, but I had never really figured, figured that whole world out. So that was our first. And then I would say a couple of years later, Expo West, which is in Anaheim every year.

That that's been, I mean, that's a great show. And I think the one on the East Coast has, has been an okay show as well, but the real big one. And yeah, we've been doing it for 14 years.

And unlike some brands, I mean, some brands like actually write orders there at the shows. That's never really been our purpose and our goal. I mean, we use these trade shows, not only to, you know, get with buyers, but also to really understand what else is going on in the marketplace from a marketing standpoint and just talk to other, you know, people there.

And now it's gotten to a point where, you know, it's just a time, you know, we have over 200 people in the company now. And, and so for us, we actually try and, you know, staff our booth with people that, you know, don't get to work the trade show booths. Like we don't hire, you know, the booth babes or whatever you want to call it to come in.

Sure. Yeah. Right.

We get, we get our team in there, you know, who just like love being there. They're passionate about the product. Yeah.

Yeah. You know, I've always heard things like when you're sampling a Costco, for instance, you can either get the Costco employees to hand out samples, in which case you'll barely move any product. But if you put your own team member there, who's really excited about a product like Hint Water, they will go through samples really quickly and go through sales much faster because they have somebody who's authentic and believes in the brand and passionate, as opposed to someone who's like, you know, one of those people who was just handing out a tiny sample and it's like, go, go on your way.

They actually know the brand. And when a consumer asks about it, they can respond to a ton of questions. I've also noticed that you like this year, you guys had a Superbowl commercial.

Yeah, it was crazy. Can you talk a little bit about that? Like, you know, yeah, that is insane.

I would love to like understand how that sort of came about. You know, I've seen, I've certainly seen the commercial where, you know, somebody's talking about how they really enjoy Blackberry and they've got Blackberry on their face and somebody else licks it off their face. And they're like, the Hint Water, the Hint Water flavor, the Blackberry flavored Hint Water tastes more like Blackberries than real Blackberry.

Can you tell me about how that came about? Can you tell me a little bit about costs and stuff as well? I think everybody's always curious about Super Bowl commercials.

Yeah. And how, like whether they're extravagant or not. We'd love to hear the background about that.

Yeah. So, I mean, it was a pretty crazy story. We had started to do some TV and just running remnants, you know, ads.

So we shot three commercials actually in the fall and two of them we had running and, you know, it's, we were running just for about eight weeks on, you know, just various, like some news channels. So some people had seen it and then some sort of overnight stuff, we were just sort of testing it. And then we were also not only testing the brand commercial, but we were also, there's a tweaked version that is direct to consumer.

So you could actually, you know, you get an offer and doing all of that. Yeah. And so, so we had this one ad that was sitting in there and I don't know, it was, it's a crazy story.

One Sunday. So I, you know, was at CNN for a couple of years, way, way, way back. And I had just run into a woman that worked with me at CNN and who's now, you know, pretty high level at NBC and just happened to see her at a, at a conference and her name's Laura.

And I was chatting with her and I don't know, one Sunday I just was like, I should just text her and just ask her, you know, I knew it was on Fox and I should just ask her who's like, if she knows anybody at Fox and if there's any inventory. And I had sort of heard that they were sold out, but I never really trust what I hear. And so, uh, she's like, Oh yeah, you should like, you should, you know, just text this guy.

He like runs Fox sports and he's a good friend of mine and just tell him that Laura sent you. And he laughed. He said, Oh no, we're totally sold out.

But he said, you know, it's funny that you mentioned this, that, uh, there's, I just spoke to somebody who was doing regional stuff and I was like, what do you, what do you mean? I mean, obviously I know what a region is, but he said, so in the major, uh, areas like San Francisco in New York and Chicago, there's, uh, they have to leave a little bit of inventory in those markets. And, uh, I said, so you're saying that there's like multiple people and, and this was literally two and a half weeks before Superbowl was running.

And so I, and so he said, do you have an ad? And I, you know, I sort of lied. I wasn't sure if that was going to be the ad, but I was like, Oh yeah, we have an ad.

You said, you know, there's a, he said, yeah, you should talk to this guy. You can talk to this one guy and he can get him for all the markets. I still didn't really think that it was going to happen, but I was just, I don't know.

I was bored and amused by it. And I had never really, you know, I had sort of joke, like we've got a, when we were making these commercials, I said they have to be like something we could run on the Superbowl one day, but it was kind of something that I just was energizing the team about more than actually thinking seriously about it. And so the guy reached out to me and I was like, okay, so the Superbowl is in less than two weeks and you have inventory in all of these markets.

And he said, yeah, in every market I have inventory left. And, and so I, I was like, I, you know, so what do we have to do? And he said, well, your ad has to be like traffic through not only the NFL or, and not only Fox, but also the NFL.

And so, you know, a couple of days here, a couple of days there. And so, you know, the, the response back from my team was like this thing, there's no way like you, I mean, you're just dreaming. This is going to be like 5 million.

Like, I'm like, we already have the ads. Like it'll be fine. You know, the, the founder just saying like, that's going to be great.

Everything's going to be fine. But you know, it was still, I was getting shot down by everybody in the company. They were like, there's just no way that this is happening.

And, and so then 10 days before, I guess, 11 days before the Superbowl, I, you know, resurfaced it. And I said, you know, we should really, we should really go back and do this. And I said to the, I said to my CMO, I was like, go back and just say to the guy, like, give him a lowball offer.

And he's like, they're sold out for national. There's no way that they're going to go for it. And I was like, no, it's running out of time.

Right. So one week before Friday before, and I said, this whole thing has to be trafficked by the NFL or else they're going to be giving these spots away to their own advertisers. Um, by Tuesday morning, it has to.

So, so at five o'clock Friday, turn in our bid on this and let's see what happens. And I mean, I have to tell you, I mean, we ended up getting, getting, you know, the overall plan was less than 50%. I mean, we got, we, we had 80% of the country for less than a million bucks.

And so 80% of the country in terms of the saw the ad for less than a million dollars on a Superbowl commercial. It was a 30 second spot or 15 seconds. It was a 30.

And so, and so what was crazy is that what they said to us is it will run sometime during the Superbowl. It can be anywhere. I think it was like, I can't remember exactly.

I think it was anywhere from 30 to 60 minutes before, or I think it was 30 to 45 minutes before the halftime show or after we literally were right before the halftime show. So everybody who was coming in to see the halftime show was showing up and getting ready and saw the spot. And it was, you know, it, it's, uh, I mean, it, it was, it did amazing.

And it, and we were, we were so excited about it, but not only from a, you know, consumer perspective and, you know, definitely it was, you know, where you've got people licking each other's faces, which, you know, probably we wouldn't run that ad in today's climate by, by, you know, but it got people to remember it and they were talking about it. And it was, you know, it like some, a very small percentage of the population was, was, you know, thought it was offensive that two guys were licking each other's faces, like Gen X's and Gen Z's thought it was hilarious. And they remembered it.

Small percentage of the population will think everything is offensive. Like no matter what you run, they'll think it's offensive. If you're going to like, if you want to walk on eggshells and please everybody, you're not going to do anything.

Yeah. And so did you have a bunch of friends texting you that being like, Hey, I just saw your, your like, uh, company on the super, on a super bowl app. I have never said this about my cell phone, like my cell phone.

I think I had over 400 texts within like from all over the country, just like, Oh my God. Oh my God. Like, and I think that that was the thing too, that what I was going to say is it wasn't just consumers, but it was also, you know, people in the industry noticing it was, uh, investors, it was, you know, lots of people.

Oh, and most important was our employees, like the excitement that they were getting all these texts saying, Oh my gosh, like, you know, there's this, there's this big soda, you know, Pepsi's doing it and Coca-Cola is doing it and everybody's doing it. But then all of a sudden the little underdog shows up with the ad. That's an amazing story.

And, and so people, people were so excited, but again, I think it's just, you know, never lose your scrappiness, right? Like no matter how big you get. And, and, you know, I think my curiosity and also just my previous life of sort of understanding, like what is trafficking an ad and it just like stuff like that.

It just takes time. Right. And, and we knew it was going to clear, but we, but we just like, we were playing against the clock and the guy that we were dealing with, like knew it.

Like, and I just said, like, is your manager just freaking out right now that you have these open at this open house? And he's like, kind of like, can we get this done? Yeah.

Yeah. You took advantage of the leverage that you had. That's fantastic.

Yeah. So it was fun. So we've talked about like some of your incredible marketing successes.

It sounds like a Superbowl ad was fantastic. You've had a bunch of successes that like, you know, the trade shows that you've gone to in terms of getting in front of buyers. Can you talk about any like tough marketing failures that you've had, you know, at native, we had a bunch of marketing failures where we tried to buy really large podcasts or we tried to, you know, buy our way into places and it just failed spectacularly where we'd spend tens of thousands of dollars and it just didn't work out.

We also had that when we tried like, you know, the way I remember the first like couple of months that I launched the business, we lost thousands of dollars trying to buy Google ads because that's what we were supposed to do. You know, I'm sure there's going to be a lot of people who are listening to this podcast who aren't nearly at the, you know, level of scale that you're at, but want to realize that you're also a human being and want to realize that, you know, there's failures along the way. Were there any like failures from a marketing perspective that you had in the last 15 years that you can talk about?

Yeah. I mean, I would say a couple of things to that first, you know, I, again, I, I was in advertising before, so I, I sort of always had this theory that unless we, you know, could really get the frequency that it wasn't worth it. So, you know, we didn't, we never really like went out and bought one billboard.

Cause I just thought like one billboard, it just, it's just, right. It's just wasting money if we're, if we're just doing one thing. And so I think that we've always believed like, you know, buy it, buy a chunk in an area and, you know, do, do it right.

Or just don't do it at all. And that's sort of been our theory too, that, you know, just, just not only from a marketing, district marketing brand standpoint, but also from a distribution standpoint, we've also just believe like if we can't actually do well in a store or in a market, like we shouldn't be there. Right.

And I think it's the same sort of philosophy for like, don't be afraid to take your time at, which is sort of like, you know, not what everybody would say. Like, I mean, we've had so many, you know, brands that have said, no, you've got to get across the U S you got to get into Kroger. You got to get into Publix, like Costco fast, fast, fast.

And so many of those companies aren't here anymore because they just spent too fast. Right. So if you don't have the money to go into those markets and really do it right.

I mean, my best advice would be, you know, just do the markets that you can be really good at well, period. Right. And, and like slow that growth.

But I would say, you know, they're, uh, you know, even I'm just thinking about, you know, Facebook, I mean, Facebook is sort of the, the conversation for all DTC, you know, brands. Right. And, and figuring that out.

I think, I think it's just, it's really, uh, you know, again, don't put all your eggs in one basket. Right. And I think you have to figure out constantly, how do you continue to, you know, grow and, you know, go back to your list and, and, you know, get the existing buyers to keep buying until you find the right time to ultimately, you know, get Facebook to be at a point where, you know, your cost of customer acquisition, isn't crazy.

Um, so I think that that's, you know, that's the key thing. A lot of people say to us, like, why are you on Amazon, but you're also, you know, on your direct to consumer site, there's a value to us of being able to have, you know, a name that we can go back and market to and have a subscription service and, uh, you know, all of those things. So it's not one or the other.

Yeah. Well, on surveys to understand what AOV looks like and repeat purchase rate looks like, um, that's crazy that people would ask you that. There's clearly value in you sort of having your own direct channel with consumers.

Yeah, totally. And, and I think it's just, it's, it's again, you know, I never, I mean, I look at even, I think about, I talk about my book that the whole Starbucks situation, I mean, it was clearly distribution. I mean, they were selling millions of dollars to multi millions of dollars of product every year.

But for us, it really was a marketing play where they were getting us into all kinds of, you know, there's a Starbucks on every corner, right. And there are every couple of, every couple of blocks. And so we were getting, you know, we were visible in so many places.

And then, you know, when they turned us off, I really viewed that as a failure for a lot of different reasons, including I blamed myself for not like having, you know, too much in, you know, to that relationship. I mean, they were clearly buying, we weren't writing them large, you know, slotting fee checks or anything like that. But I still had a lot of inventory.

I didn't, there was a lot of risk with that. And, you know, what I've learned to do though, too, is, you know, not be so hard on yourself and create all this anxiety around the fact that, you know, in some ways you failed, in some ways you tried, I think instead figure out like, you know, what was the good, I'm a huge believer that in fact, when we went into Amazon, the guy who was the buyer reached out and said, Oh, I get your product all the time at Starbucks. And so if, if we were not in Starbucks, like being Amazon, we wouldn't be an Amazon, we wouldn't start our own direct business.

Right. And so every, so sometimes it just takes a minute to actually, I'm sure, you know, the, the Google story for you and sort of feeling like, Oh, like I made a mistake there or whatever. If you sit back for a minute and you actually just say like, what did I learn?

You know, I got that much smarter about how I do my buys for this next one where I saved money. And again, like sometimes you have to connect a bunch of different dots to actually, and sometimes it takes time to figure that stuff out, but I, I just don't really view, you know, life in general as failing as much as, you know, I'm going to, it's teaching me that I can do better on the, on the next front. And, and maybe that also is, you know, telling an audience that here's what I learned along the way.

I mean, you know, and, and these are the lessons, maybe it's, you know, I'm giving back to other people to learn from, you know, my mistake, my failure. Yeah. Yeah.

Whatever. But, but I, I just, I'm a huge believer that that's, that's such an important piece of this as well. And, you know, you make the best decision based on the best information that you have.

And, you know, and I think that that's, that, that is so key. And, and sometimes, you know, that's challenging too, because I'm sure, you know, you, you have things in your head that you maybe did wrong or were not exactly how you wanted them to turn out. And now then people come to you and start talking to you about, you know, Google AdWords or whatever.

And you're like, ah, you know, I sure. And you're gun shy. And so, you know, exactly what you need to get over or what the price is.

And so it's a lesson. Yeah. Yeah.

And, you know, you were initially, when we were talking about marketing, you were talking about billboards and how you didn't want to buy one billboard. And there was like, a frequency that you thought was really important in order to get consumers to sort of resonate with the brand or think about it. When you were setting your marketing campaign, when you're setting your marketing budget or campaigns, do you think, okay, we're going to allocate this much to digital, this much to out of home, this much to, you know, B2B, or are you sort of like, look, this is a living organism, and we'll call the play when we sort of walk up to the line.

So we currently divide our marketing out into branded marketing as well as direct to consumer. And so some companies actually have, especially when you're small, you have one person who's maybe, you know, kind of, yeah, sure. And it's being or running the ad buys or whatever.

They're actually two very separate, you know, departments in terms of, in terms of budgets. But what we found is the more money we put into direct to consumer, as an example, in terms of ads, like there's a lot of people who will go on Facebook, or, you know, or other other places where we may show up, and they're going to walk into a Target store, or they're going to go on to, you know, they're going to go on an Instacart or whatever and order. And so that for us, we've just found it, you know, there's some carryover into the branded or sort of the offline stuff that they're going to do.

They may not click the button and actually order online or, you know, if they see TV, they may, you know, again, go into their local grocery store or, you know, whatever they, they, you know, might end up doing that. So I think it's, it's just a matter of there's definitely spillover into that. So it's, it's, you know, I would say that from a, from the standpoint of budgets are direct to consumer, just because of its measurability, and because of the spillover, we put more money into that.

But, you know, it's on the, on the flip side of that, too, we viewed the Super Bowl ad as there was no, you know, at the end, it said direct, it said drink and kent.com, but there was no 800 number, nobody was going on in the middle of Super Bowl to go by. But, you know, the next time that they saw a direct to consumer ad, did they click it because they remember, of course, yeah, and, you know, and so that's, that's really how we, you know, how we view it. And if the direct consumer side is sort of larger than the branded side, is Facebook like a native Facebook was king there.

And I think you've told other people as well, Facebook is king there for hint as well. Is that right? Is that where you sort of say, okay, this is our, yeah.

Yeah, definitely. I would say, I would say from, you know, third party, like companies where we're doing it, but we're also, you know, we do, we also, you know, go out to other lists as well and, and do, you know, different swaps with other companies as well to try and figure out if we can, you know, email people and do some sort of partnership too. So we've done, you know, it's, it's funny too, just from a branded standpoint.

And again, sort of, I can't say that I was strategically like, you know, brilliant or, you know, knew exactly what was going to happen. But a few years ago, Verizon reached out to me and they're like, Hey, you know, we've got this ad, we're asking entrepreneurs to be a part of this ad, would you be interested? And I've been a Verizon customer since pretty much since day one, I wouldn't get good self connection through, you know, AT&T, sorry, AT&T, but I'm sure you've gotten a lot better, but it was, but it was just, I've just always been Verizon and, and that was from my AOL days and I was traveling around a lot.

And so I've still have my 917 number, even though I'm living in the Bay Area. And so they asked me to be a part of this and they didn't really give me a sort of clear definition of what it would be. And they told me to show up in this like studio.

And I really thought it was going to be print. And then after they did the print, they were like, by the way, we think we're going to run this. And they actually didn't run the ad until recently.

And so it's running on CNN, like a lot right now. And by some miracle, they were just talking to me, just like you and I were talking and by some miracle, I had a quote that they picked up on, which is part of the Verizon ad and it said, we don't have to be together to work together. And so that has become a Verizon like quote.

And it says Kara Gold and founder and CEO of Hint. And, but the number, every time that Verizon ad runs, people go onto our site. Yeah, yeah, of course.

And so they're on our site. It doesn't say drinkhint.com. It's very subtle.

And then the exact same thing happened with a company called NetSuite. And I was speaking at, you know, their, their conference. And, you know, I tell the story that I truly didn't know how to call Oracle to, we were like moving out of QuickBooks and, you know, I didn't know how to call Oracle.

I just thought like, where would I start? And I'd heard about NetSuite. And, and, you know, I just thought they're like, maybe eventually we'll get to Oracle, but for now, like, let's, let's start with these guys at NetSuite.

And so we've, you know, grown with them. We told them all their problems that they had and, and we continue to grow. And, and the CMO said to me, you know, I loved watching you on stage.

Like you're just, you know, telling the story and, and would you do this ad for us? And I was like, sure. And so, uh, so that ad has now been running for a year and every single time that ad runs, it's like, you know, hint people go to him water.

Yeah, sure. Yeah. And so we have not spent a dime on that advertising.

And, you know, we, we have, you know, I would say it's, I would say conservatively between Verizon and NetSuite, which is now an Oracle company, easily $50 million in ads that they've run. That's crazy. And our brand.

Yeah. I've certainly seen a lot more like businesses doing that. Like I've seen, I've seen your ad first on like NetSuite.

It's fantastic. I've seen ShipStation doing ads with, um, a beard brand. I've seen like Amazon doing ads with companies like nut pots.

It's really amazing to see these large businesses, or businesses sort of lean into that. I feel like it all started with American Express a long time ago. Yeah.

And I've done some for American Express too. I mean, I think like that's the other thing that I've learned, I've done it for some of their direct mail pieces. I haven't done a television commercial for them, but I think like that's, you know, the other thing that I say to entrepreneurs, it's like, you know, none of those were intentional partnerships, but they're, they're authentic and they're real.

And I think that, you know, when you're out, that's why I always tell entrepreneurs, like the sooner you can get out and actually tell your story too. And that doesn't mean like necessarily like talking to, uh, uh, press outlets about it. I mean, maybe it does, but also actually speaking and whether that's, you know, at whatever, the hustle or startup grind or whatever you go, you know, you go and speak at some of these conferences and you start telling your story about like, we initially funded the company with our American Express card and thank God we had like good credit.

Yeah. And because we needed it and you know, to buy the bottles and the caps and it's all, and, and then, you know, American Express reached out, like took them six months. So they reached out and they're like, we want to talk to you about the story and thank you for being a customer.

And then suddenly, you know, it was clear that they wanted to get you involved. And so those things are, you know, so valuable. Like if you can figure out two or three partnerships that you have where, you know, you just really believe, I mean, again, like, you know, I had another phone company reach out to me after, after the Verizon one.

And I was like, you know, I just, I wouldn't do like, I wouldn't do another food company. I wouldn't do, you know, but I, I just thought like, these are, these are companies that I truly believe in. And, and I think like, if you can borrow equity from those brands, because they're clearly borrowing equity from our brand, right?

We're a startup, we're a female founded startup. Like there's lots of reasons why They're bringing products. Yeah.

21st century, completely agree that they're doing that. But less obvious marketing and I'm just saying like that, that is one where I think nobody's really thought, like, I mean, we've, we value those relationships and you know, like that is so big and, and it's doesn't cost you any money. It costs the other company money.

Yeah. And so that's, that's amazing. Yeah.

I'd love to talk a little bit about the other categories that you've launched into. Uh, early on, we talked about Hint water, though. That was, I'm not sure if you call it flat water or like non-carbonated water, non-carbonated, still water.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

So still water carbonated, uh, you know, Hint fizz. We talked about caffeinated since then, you've also launched a couple other categories. I know you've launched Hint sunscreen, which smells absolutely amazing.

It's a spray sunscreen. I think you've launched Hint deodorant as well. Are there other categories that are sort of coming up and how did you think about those categories?

You know, for us, I think, uh, you know, it was, it was really, again, looking at how can we help the consumer get healthy. Right. And we felt like there were a lot of consumers who were coming to us who were drinking our product and they would, you know, reach out and say, Hey, you know, what kind of, you know, makeup should I wear or what?

And we were like, wait, what? Like we're, we're water, you know, that's what we're doing. And, uh, and so we've, we felt like we could start to touch on, you know, these, these categories that were in our opinion and not doing what, you know, we needed or what our consumer needed.

And so I'm allergic to coconut. And so a lot of the, you know, natural deodorants that are out there have coconut and in them. And so for me, like I, I was totally on board with the concept of a natural deodorant, but I wanted something, you know, that didn't have coconut.

Right. And so that was something that, you know, I just started to play around with it at home. And then I just thought, huh, this is really interesting.

And then, you know, for us too, it's primarily sold online. I mean, we were, and, you know, on Amazon as well as on drinkhint.com, but you know, for us, it's really helped us to kind of understand this consumer a little bit more and what more they would be interested in as well. I mean, we, we, uh, I, and I think the same is, is true with the sunscreen.

I mean, sunscreen was way harder than I actually thought of when we embarked on it. I mean, you need FDA approval. You're like, I mean, we use, you know, we're using the same, uh, essences that we're using in, uh, in the water for the sunscreen, which, you know, they actually needed to do the FDA needed to do shelf life testing.

Um, when we ended up, uh, before we actually got the approval because most companies use fragrances, they don't actually, which is a whole other topic. Sure. And you're using natural essence.

Well, yeah, I mean, and it was like, it was crazy. I mean, that we were like, what I saw in the beauty and personal care industry was so much further behind than what the food industry, what the, what people were talking about. And so, um, but we were one of the first company's non mineral based sunscreens, uh, that was really calling out, um, oxybenzo.

And so there's, and so I really believed I had, you know, some pre-cancer stuff on my nose that wouldn't go away. And I started, you know, really looking deeper at the sunscreen industry and, you know, I'd grown up in Arizona, had red hair, way too much sun early on. And I had read about the stuff, oxybenzone.

And I was like, you know, this stuff is really bad. I mean, there's the center for disease control back in the late seventies that actually told the FDA that, uh, that oxybenzone may actually enhance pre-cancer cell growth. And they had recommended to the FDA not to approve it and somehow it got approved.

And so there's many places in the world where oxybenzone is not approved, but in the U S it is approved. And so, you know, we started calling it out. And, and I think for me, this goes back to sort of like the big company strategy, the number of people after we launched it from large companies who reached out to me and said, Hey, you know, we've always known that the Soxybenzone stuff is not so great, but it's hard because we have multiple brands that are housed in our house.

And for us to actually call out, that means we have to reformulate everything that we do. And so like, that's really tough. And so I was like, okay, well, you know, we'll just keep doing that.

Right. We'll, we'll keep calling it out. And so eventually, you know, you'll have time to go and reformulate or not.

And it'll, and we'll just have more runway to just go and build this company. And, and so, you know, that's the thing that I also realized that I had done with Hint Water, which was, you know, we really focused on ingredients and, and, you know, the, the ingredient was sweetener, right back then. And then you start to look at the rest of the product and you know, all the great stuff around it.

But I, I think it's no different for products too. And more and more, I think people are, you know, looking at their products. It's not just about being organic or not organic.

It's really about people are getting smart about ingredients. And I think, you know, so I was speaking to, uh, on an interview, uh, earlier this morning and I was talking about, you know, the world today and, and what is the biggest thing that I've noticed. And I think that, you know, for the last few weeks since we've been in shelter in place, I mean, the number of conversations that I've had with people, not only, you know, friends of mine, but also business colleagues around health, like people are realizing, you know, that health is, is like such a key thing.

Everything. Right. It's everything.

Right. And so, and, and I think that, you know, people are trying to, you know, make sure that they're getting their exercise every day, but then also eating right and eating well. And I have not heard this conversation, like, you know, everywhere where I go, like I'm hearing it now.

Yeah. I mean, people are just so focused on it, which is great. Have there been, have there been a first, I think that's absolutely true.

And I think you're right. And I think like, we'll have that conversation a lot more when the COVID crisis sort of dies down because right now I think it's a struggle in order to make sure your fridge is stocked and, um, in a way that, you know, where you can get food in a easy, healthy, safe way. And I think it'll, once it becomes easy again, it'll be a lot more important to people.

Um, are there other beverage companies that have sort of crossed this Rubicon and gotten into personal care? Um, yeah, like I, I'm trying to think of other beverage companies that have launched personal care products. Uh, do you know of any?

You know, I feel like vitamin water way back when did, I mean, chapsticks, we had, we had always had like a great lip balm or chapstick or whatever you want to call it. Um, so, uh, but I, you know, I don't, I don't really know. I know of any others that, that really crossed over.

I mean, I think like the challenge of course, is that the soda, you know, companies like, I mean, look, most, we are today the largest independent non-alcoholic beverage in the country that doesn't have a relationship with Coke, Pepsi or Dr. Pepper Snapp. So I think like, you know, a lot of companies and a lot of founders that I've talked to, I mean, they could not figure out to do what we've done nationwide without, you know, the, the trucks, the Coke trucks or the Pepsi trucks.

Absolutely. No question. Beyond 10 million.

You know, it's like, I mean, beverages are just like sunscreens are hard. Beverages are harder. I mean, beverages are, you know, you have to like, when you go into major markets, in addition to the Cisco's and the UNFIs and all the rest of it, you have to have, you know, a DSD network that is going into these stores every day that makes sure that your shelves aren't wiped out.

And if you, you know, if you don't know that now, if you're starting a beverage, like you learn it really quickly, whether or not you're focused on, you know, the seven 11s of the world or, or whatever, you cannot rely on the stores, no matter what category they're in, whether it's club or whatever, you have to have teams of people that are, you know, in those stores and actually helping to build out case stacks and do, you know, and merchandise and make sure that your reorders or you'll fail. And so that's why, you know, the teams are bigger. It's sort of, you know, it's just what ends up happening.

And so I think when I look at these other categories too, it's, it's probably tougher to build the sunscreen and, you know, and we really haven't put a whole lot of marketing into any of those either. I mean, we're really sort of in the infancy stages of it, but I think it's for us, it's really, I mean, it doesn't take any more people to do it. I mean, we've got like a small group inside internally that can focus on it because it's just, it's not as high touch as beverages need to be.

Do you think it's a little bit like, do you think people haven't done it as much in the past because they're afraid of like, you know, Coke doesn't want to buy a deodorant business or a chapstick business? Or do you think they're afraid of dilution of brand? Or do you think they just haven't had the right story?

They haven't been focused on ingredients? Or do you think it's just because, you know, people haven't thought of it or haven't had the bandwidth? Like, is there a reason that it hasn't done the past?

I, you know, I think there's definitely people who have said, you know, you're starting these categories and you know, the soda companies like, won't like that when they're looking at you to, you know, to buy. But I think that there's, there's two things that I would say. Number one, you know, my, my goal is not to figure out like how to get my company perfect so that a Pepsi will buy us, right?

We have, we have built a standalone company that is now profitable, that has grown every single year for the last 15 years. I mean, we've built this really solid company. And I think in addition to that, we have a direct to consumer business that is, I don't think there's any other, you know, company in our space that is doing what we're doing offline, as well as online.

And I think soon people are, these large brands are going to figure out that, you know, hint is a brand name that can stretch across multiple categories. I mean, I would love to do a home product, not necessarily to go, you know, super broad on it, but just to actually figure out, because I'm all, I'm, I'm all about consumer permission too. And, and, you know, and I think unless you test it, you just don't really know, you know, and whether or not, and, and I think there's, I see products every single day where I'm like, if it just had that, or like, it could just be a little bit better.

And for me, it's just really trying to understand, you know, when we talk about lifetime value, I mean, that just expands the lifetime value of a consumer. And if you can, if you can do that in a way that doesn't jeopardize the rest of your sales, that doesn't, you know, get, get your team focused on stuff that they shouldn't be focused on, then it makes sense. And, and I don't think it happens.

Like I wouldn't go launch a company today and go into multiple categories. Yeah, definitely say, but we were out of consumer permission to do that. Yeah.

And the consumer, and, and I don't think I would have even like had the, you know, courage to go do it. If I didn't keep hearing from the consumer, help me, like, help me just like you, I have a coconut allergy, just like you, I had read about oxybenzone, you know, you should go, you should go do this. You should go do this.

So I not only feel like with our products, we're helping consumers, but I also feel like we're helping large companies really understand that this consumer like wants health. Right. And they're no longer going to be fooled by, you know, these words like diet or, you know, natural or oxybenzone or like feeling like it's a, you know, plus it's like, it's like these, these things are injuring our health.

And, and I think that, you know, that is, it's time we stand up to that. We, we stand up to it. And I, I fundamentally believe it every single day that that's what we're doing.

And if, and if there's products that I think we can do better, you know, I, I don't plan on having this company under my leadership be the next, you know, honest company, the Jessica Alba's honest, you know, not the honesty that I just, I don't think we need to do thousands and thousands of skews. I think what we need to do is do a few skews well, and really try and understand where the consumer, you know, wants us to go. Yeah.

Yeah. Um, look, Carol, we're way over time. I really appreciate you spending the time.

I'm going to ask you a bunch of just really quick, four quick questions. One, what is the best selling flavor of Hint Water? Uh, it's a close tie between blackberry and watermelon.

Okay. What is your favorite flavor of Hint Water? Uh, we just launched Clementine, which is so good.

Clementine. That's your favorite right now. Amazing.

Yeah. Okay. And I would also think Clementine is your favorite.

Cherry fizz is also, I love cherry fizz too. Okay. When you aren't drinking Hint Water, what are you drinking?

Uh, coffee. Um, so I'm a, you know, coffee snob. I love Equator coffee, another San Francisco, great female founded brand.

Um, so I'm, I'm very, uh, yeah, I would say, you know, coffee. And finally, if somebody is, um, wants to start a beverage brand today, what do you recommend the first thing they do to get into a brick and mortar store is, is it trying to go into bodegas in New York? Is it to try and get a, you know, a meeting with your local Whole Foods buyer?

Is it to try and get a booth at Expo West? What is the first step that they should think of when they're like, I've got a beverage brand or a food brand and I want, or a beverage brand. Let's focus on beverage brands.

I have a beverage brand and I want to get this into brick and mortar stores. What's the first step there? I think it's finding who your audience is because I, I think that if you don't, you know, if you're launching an energy drink in a, whatever, 22 ounce can that, you know, that's probably not the market for Whole Foods.

I mean, maybe, maybe not. It depends on the ingredients, but, uh, I think you just need to find out who your market is and then, and then, you know, go and try and get in there. I mean, when I got into Whole Foods 15 years ago, they had a program where you could actually go in, uh, to the local store and try and sell it in and they would test it out.

I'm not sure since Amazon acquired them, whether or not they're doing that or not. Um, but you know, don't focus on the targets or the costcos. I mean, start small and just keep doing well and just keep building and building and building.

And then I, I would say also, you know, social, um, having social channels has just become, you know, absolutely critical. And if you can, you know, do that right, I think that that's the most important thing and whether that's, you know, figuring out who influencers are, you know, there's, there's highs and lows and pluses and minuses to that. But I think also just, you know, are you doing something from a messaging standpoint that you think an audience would really relate to that, um, that, you know, they would tap into.

And I think, you know, don't be afraid. I know many days you actually, you know, delivered cases and you were, you know, at the trade shows and, and showing up, I think it's, it's, uh, you know, I still see Hamdi, you know, not necessarily delivering Chobani, you know, everywhere, but every once in a while, you know, showing up and, and definitely at the trade shows and Daniel from Kind Bar as well. And, and I think it's like, never be afraid to, you know, take care of your product and, and make sure that it's being cared for.

And, uh, yeah, that's the biggest thing. Fantastic. Thanks so much, Kara.

People want to hear more, uh, from you. Where should they reach, like, where should they hear, where should they follow you? Should it be, is it on Instagram?

Is it on Twitter? Can you provide? Yeah.

I mean, I'm on all social channels at Kara Golden, uh, K A R A G O L D I N. I'm, I'm probably most active on Twitter, um, and have a pretty, uh, robust audience there. Um, that's lots of fun.

And, and, uh, so yeah, that, that would probably be the biggest place. And then if you are interested in buying hint at, at stores, but also on our site at drinkhint.com as well as Amazon. Fantastic.

Thanks so much for your time, here. I really appreciate it. This was fantastic.

Awesome.