So yeah, my guy is Dan Gilbert. And the reason I thought he was super interesting, I've talked about him a little bit in the past, but this guy has had a freaking massive year. So, you know, two years ago or something, he was worth like six, seven, $8 billion, baby billionaire.

Now he's worth 57 billion. Wait, five, seven? Five, seven, 57.

He's number 21, one of the wealthiest people in the United States. And this is, he's had a crazy couple of years. So I think it was about two years ago, he had a massive stroke.

So he was on the golf course with a friend and the friend just happened to be a doctor. And he said, oh, that's weird. I'm having these symptoms.

So his doctor got him to the hospital and he had a stroke in the hospital. And in the hospital, they were able to do this special procedure that if he hadn't been in the hospital, he might've died or it might've been way worse, right? So he got super lucky.

Yeah. And you know, as lucky as one can be having a stroke, horrible thing. And now he's been basically rehabilitating himself and getting back on his feet for the last two years.

And so he's had this horrible personal tragedy, but at the same time, he's become worth, you know, 6X, you know, as much. And I bet he would give it all away to not have had the stroke or whatever. So it's super fascinating.

Um, this guy, uh, he described it really well. When they IPO, they just IPO his mortgage business. He said, this is a 30 year, uh, or sorry, an overnight success, 30 years in the making.

Um, so this guy's been at it for a really long time. Um, I think he's super interesting because he started with nothing. Um, his dad owned a struggling Detroit bar.

He worked in pizza delivery. He just kind of stumbled into hustling and was a good salesperson. And he started a business and that business was a company called, uh, rock financial, which became quick and loans, which I'll talk about in a second.

Um, one of the reasons I think he's really interested, interesting is that he's invested into revitalizing his home city. So his mission is to revitalize Detroit and get it back on its feet because it's struggled a lot. Um, he's like a capitalist Batman in Detroit.

Uh, and I'll talk about some of the cool stuff he's done. Um, and one of the things I like about him as well is that he, uh, he, uh, does a lot of stuff that might not work. He takes big swings, takes big risks that he think can make the world better.

Um, and he invests in all sorts of crazy ideas. Uh, he also has five kids, which I think is pretty freaking cool. Uh, I love to see that with these, you know, billionaires.

They're not just like miserable by themselves and they care about kids and stuff and seems pretty family focused. Um, and then, you know, he's been through these personal challenges the stroke and then also his eldest son was born with this disease called neurofibromatosis, which is like super rare. And he's poured a bunch of money, uh, his own money into funding research around that disease.

So it's been fascinating. Um, so he said, uh, there's a quote. He said, when I, when we grew up, all I wanted to do, uh, was do two things, own a sports team and a casino.

And now he owns both. Uh, so this is kind of like a childhood dream and his companies are Quicken Loans, which is the largest home mortgage lender in the United States. They're bigger than Wells Fargo, which is freaking crazy.

Uh, he owns the Cleveland Cavaliers, the basketball team and a few other sports franchises. Uh, until recently he owned a casino. I think it was called Jack, which owned a whole bunch of casinos, but I think he sold it.

And then he also owns rock ventures and rock ventures is where all the big swings happen and all the philanthropic stuff happens. So, um, they own a ton of real estate, almost all in Detroit. Um, and then they do venture capital and they've invested in everything from, uh, restaurants to, uh, you know, real estate businesses, hotels, crazy tech companies, and all sorts of other stuff.

He owns Rob report, which is, Can I tell you one more thing? Sorry, go ahead. Can I tell you a few more things that he owns?

That's interesting. Um, so he owns, I think he owns fat head. Do you know fat head?

Yeah. Yeah. I believe sports.

It's like those like big hands and stuff and like, Yeah. You get weird blow ups to your face. Basically like if you're a kid and you want to put like a, like the face of Michael Jordan on your wall, it's like a decal that you put on your wall.

I think he owns the whole thing. He just bought dictionary.com and thesaurus.com. Um, Totally random.

We were actually, we helped them. I know I'm, I'll talk about that a little bit, but, uh, we helped them with that acquisition a little bit. Oh, no way.

So you know about it. It was like a, it's like a $20 million revenue thing or more, maybe. Um, it's been doing that for like 10 years.

I, I mean, I don't have any insider information. I'm, these are guesses. Um, and am I right?

So yeah. Yeah. He owns dictionary.com and thesaurus.com.

Um, and like when you talk to him about why he bought it, he's just like, you know, I think this is cool. Like, he's just like, I had all these ideas of things I could do with it. He's not like going, oh, I bought it for X times EBITDA and I'm going to make a 20% return.

And this is what I find so cool about this guy is he'll just say yes. So he owns like Rob report, which is like a magazine for rich people dictionary.com. Um, he owns shy or has a very large stake in Shinola.

So Shinola has this like insane hotel in Detroit. They make watches. Uh, he owns a stock X, which is like, um, it's basically like a stock market for sneakers and watches.

Which is awesome. He's a large investor. He's a large investor.

Because like, Dude, he co-founded it. He's the co-founder of it. I know.

And he's like in his, how old is he in the seventies yet? He's like 50, 50 something, 56. I think he's that young.

Wow. Okay. Yeah.

He's still a little bit older than like a sneaker head. Uh, and he, he's a co-founder. I know that.

So he was, he, he, he was hard enough. He's got investments in e-sports, like just all sorts of stuff. And then he's also a large LP and a lot of venture funds kind of quietly, like he's the largest LP in Ludlow Ventures.

He's got his own venture fund. And so you, you look at it and he's got this barbell, right? He's got a really kind of dull, boring, you know, mortgage business, which is really innovative in and of itself.

Just what he's done is kind of like Brad, what he's done is like basically taken this fragmented crappy industry run by banks and small lenders and like built out this massive structure and been very innovative around culture and other stuff. Um, so let me, let me just give the history of what happened though. So basically in 1985, him and his little brother, uh, start rock financial, which is basically a independent mortgage lender.

So when someone, you know, needs a house or whatever it is, they go to them, they figure out, um, they basically make them an offer, uh, to lend them the money. And then I think they go sell the risk. So they would lend them the money and then they would sell it off to a bank over time.

Um, and basically in the late 1990s, company grew into a huge business, one of the largest, uh, independent in the United States. And with the dot-com boom, they launched an internet strategy where they just made, uh, rock financial, I think it was rockfinancial.com or digitalmortgage.com or something like that. And in, uh, and in 2000, what was it?

No, 1997 or something into it acquired their business. Cause they were like, Oh my God, this is like, you know, this huge disruptive digital finance thing. And so, um, what ended up happening is the dot-com boom blew up.

And in 2002, he came back and he bought his business back. So he sold it for a ton of money to Intuit. I think the first sale was 90 million.

Okay. Is that right? He basically, I don't know.

I don't have the exact number here, but, um, something like that. So, you know, the guy made a lot of money, especially for the nineties, but he wasn't like a crazy billionaire yet. Then he raised money from investors.

So himself and some friends went back to Intuit, bought it back. I don't know what the number was. And what's interesting is they kept the Quicken Loans name.

So Intuit owns Quicken, the financial, personal finance software. And they branded it Quicken. And so now there's this weird other business they own called Quicken Loans, even though that's an Intuit brand.

So it's kind of a funny, uh, thing. And it just kept, he basically took it, took it back, got rid of all the crap that Intuit had added and started growing it again. And this whole time he's living in Detroit and watching his own city totally fall apart.

So in the financial crisis, uh, you know, Detroit, I think went bankrupt. And he, meanwhile, is like super rich and living out in the suburbs. And he says, fuck it.

We're moving back into Detroit. And he moves his entire team, uh, into Detroit. So he had 4,000 or so, uh, employees.

They literally bought, if you actually go to Detroit, there's this, um, it's called Campus Martius or something. And it's right in the center of downtown, this huge building. Um, and he moved everyone there.

And he basically said, um, for my own employees and for the city, we're just going to fix it. And so he built, uh, casinos. He built like a private security, uh, firm.

So if you walk around, there's like, there's like normal police and then there's like Dan's police. Um, he bought billions of dollars of derelict buildings. Uh, you know, literally like you go there and there's like skyscrapers and he's just, it's like going to Chicago and he's like, oh yeah, I own the Sears tower and this and this.

And like basically all of downtown Detroit, he owns like 20, 30% of. And, um, he also just announced that he's going to pay off $300 million of property taxes for Detroit residences. So this guy really, really cares about Detroit.

And since, since he started it, it's now become the largest, uh, uh, independent mortgage business in, in the United States. Uh, you know, they've gone public, they had this huge IPO. Um, and it's been, it's been a crazy story.

He, um, what I, what I, what I love about this guy is just, he's got such a crazy collection of businesses. I think if I remember correctly, I think I'm probably, I think I'm right. But I believe he sold it for 90.

He bought it back for like 20. And I think he took it public. Did he take it public like either recently or right away?

Quite recently. Like it was like, like, uh, six months ago. And he owned most of it when it went public?

He owned like 85 or 90% of it. And it went public. Totally crazy.

What's the market cap now? The market cap is, let's see here. Market cap's $46 billion.

Wow. So where's the other 10 billion come from? Just as other stuff, just as other stuff.

Well, he owns a lot. Yeah. A lot of real estate.

You think the Cavaliers are probably worth, you know, 500 million to a billion. Oh, we forgot about that whole part. He owns Cavaliers.

Real estate, casinos, you know, all these stock X is worth, I think a couple billion dollars now. Um, so he's just got this crazy collection of stuff. And, and so Chris and I got to meet him.

Um, the other cool thing about this guy is like, he's just a wild card. Like I, so I read about him in the New York times. They did this profile of him.

And I, I have this habit of just cold emailing people I think are interesting. And like 95% of the time, I just don't hear back. But I wrote him an email at like one in the morning and said, Hey, you, you know, I'd love to meet you.

And I get an email back like five minutes later. And he's just like, yeah, sure. And then I got a follow up from his assistant and we ended up flying to Detroit.

And it, you know, sometimes when you go and meet these billionaires, they're like, whatever, you know, you walk in, you get 20 minutes with them. That's that. He was like incredible.

They like plan this whole tour of Detroit. It was like this two day thing. Like they set us up in their hotel.

Um, and then Dan spent like two hours with us and he's just this super nice guy. He was like deeply interested in what we're doing. Um, and super engaged and like every business I mentioned to him, he'd be like, how does that work?

How can we get involved? What can we do? How can we do it?

Like he wants to say yes to ideas, which I always find really inspiring. Right. Cause I think some of these people have gotten really rich.

They've gotten rich by being like hyper disciplined and just saying no to everything, but he says yes before no. That's really interesting. That's what Sean acts like.

And I usually, I usually say no to everything. Sean says yes to everything. And my joke is that like, I'm like, my success is probably going to be quite predictable and it will be really good.

Sean's success is he's going to go completely broke and die, like, but I young, or he's going to become a billionaire super fat. Like, you know, it's like a, it's a high risk, high reward thing. And that's not the reality, but that's my joke.

I feel like I can rule the world. I know I could be what I want to. I put my all in it like no days off on the road.

Let's travel. Never looking back. Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.