So there's this subreddit that I go to and I love it. It's called Fat Fire. And the idea is people who want to retire relatively young with a lot of money so they can live a fat life without working.

And so basically, if you post on there a lot, the mods, the community leaders of the subreddit, will verify your net worth to make sure you're not full of shit. By the way, did you have a goal like this? Like, I want to retire by X age or I want to be like this wealthy by this age?

What was your like, how did you phrase your goal? I wanted to have $20 million by age 30. Gotcha.

All right. That's what I wanted. That was my goal.

I created that goal when I was in my, when I was like 19 or 20 years old. I mean, I can't confirm or deny, but you know, mission accomplished is what I would say. I sold my company.

I achieved it at 31. I sold my company at 31. Right.

And so that was my goal because I asked a rich person who I knew, I asked him, how much money do you spend a month? And they told me $60,000 a month. And at the time I was like, I don't know, like, I can't imagine there's a world where I would.

That sounds absurd. Yeah. Yeah.

I'm like, that just sounds crazy, but whatever. Like I asked like eight people and this person had the highest number and I was like, okay, I'll just do that because I'll be conservative. And then if you withdraw only 3% of your 20 million, that gives you like $600,000 a year to spend there.

That's that number. That's what the FIRE philosophy and FIRE stands for financially independent, retire early. So that's the philosophy.

Yes. So you can spend a percentage of your liquid portfolio and basically it continues to grow. Have enough money that the earnings, the sort of compounding earnings on the money being invested in something safe like the stock market, S&P 500 type of thing can cover your burn rate.

So there's two things that matter. What is the, what is the amount that I have invested in and what is my life burn rate? That's why a lot of people who like FIRE, they go move to like, you know, bumfuck, you know, middle of nowhere.

And they like, oh yeah, I got rid of my car and it's great. Now I can, you know, I got rid of everything I own and me and my wife, we only eat Apple cores and now we are retired. It's like, but FATFIRE is different.

FATFIRE is like, no, I kind of want to ball out. I'm not trying to like skimp on my lifestyle. So, okay, what do I need to achieve and what do I need to optimize while still not giving up like what I find to be enjoyable in terms of lifestyle?

Yeah. So that's how I made up that number. And I don't even, I spend $15,000 a month.

I mean, when I sold, I had saved a like seven figures. Of course, that includes my wife and I, and she also worked at Airbnb. And so Airbnb went public and she had worked there for a long time.

Airbnb went public in December. I sold my company in February. So it was like December 1st and then like February 1st, it was like that those two or three months was like massive.

Right. And so, but prior to that, ignore that and take her out because we don't want to put her business out there. So let's just talk about you.

In your early twenties, what were you making? So from age 22 to probably 26 and 27, I paid myself something like two grand a month. So in the brain, so the first year of business, I probably paid myself $20,000 for the first year.

And then I paid myself $40,000 for the next two years. And then $70,000. And then the last year, that was 24 K a year and then 40 K a year.

And then you said 70 K roughly, you know, it was like 20, 40, 40, 70. Yeah. So that's four years in.

And then the year we sold, I'd paid myself close to $300,000. Right. And I had a few other investments, like some angel investments and like some weird things that kind of paid off.

But basically like for the longest time, I mean, I was living, I, the way I rigged it was in San Francisco, my rent was only $400 because I rented out this big place and I only had 25 grand in my name and I spent all of it to rent out and furnish this place. And then I rented it out to people who basically subsidized it for me. So I was living like a poor person.

And so I was able to save a little bit of money. I think you were living like a wealthy person, really. You were living in a place and it was only costing you $400 a month, which is great example, by the way, because there's a lot of people that will be like, Oh, why don't we have to San Francisco, but I can't afford it.

All you're saying to me is I lack creativity and resourcefulness because what you did is available to everybody. Go find a place that's at market or slightly below market price. And what you did, I think, is you cut a deal with the landlord.

You were like, I'll never call you for anything. Yeah. I told them.

Toilet breaks. I'll fix it. I think you lived there for like a decade or some shit and you'd never call the guy.

Like seven years. Never spoke to the person. Yeah.

I never saw him. Not once have I ever seen him. If he showed up at the house, you wouldn't know who the heck it is.

I would not. I don't even remember what he looks like. I couldn't even tell you what he looks like.

I think his name was Chris. And so you cut this deal and you were like, look, I'm, you basically became the landlord. Well, I showed, I showed up and I was 22 and it was a $4,000 or five.

I forget how much was it? $4,500 a month for a four bedroom house. And he goes, is it just you?

I go, look, it's just me right now, but I'm going to get like some friends to move in. Um, I'll like sign a lease, a sublease with them and I, and I can have you approve it. Right.

But basically like, I'm going to pay you on time all the time. And my, the preferred relationship you and I have is I never see you again. And are you okay with that?

And he goes, yeah. He goes, don't, don't be late. And I go, okay, deal.

Anyway. Yeah. And so at this point, yeah.

So it was a slow build. It took like five, six, seven years. But then what's crazy is I'm 32 now.

I started hustling at age 20, probably 20, like making like real money on my own, like livable money. And at this point at age 32, I'll make more this year from a couple like side investments, like a real estate deal that I did. I'll make more this year than collectively all of my salaries combined while working at the hustle.

Exactly. And that's, that's the exact same, same case for me. And I think that's actually really common.

And I think the reason I bring that up is because it's interesting to me. B I think that's really comforting to people because when you're in it and you're not making any money and it looks like other people are all making hella money, it feels, it could feel very bad. And you can question if you're on the right path or not.

And this doesn't mean you're definitely on the right path, but it means when this path of entrepreneurship works, that's commonly what it looks like. So don't be surprised. All right.

So let's get back to, which by the way, when I was getting going, I was always so envious of other people like my friends. I'm like, fuck, you got a job at Google. You make 150 grand a year and you have all these benefits.

I haven't been to the doctor forever. This is awesome. I'm so jealous.

So you'd come to my office and you'd be like, dude, this is your office. I'm like, yeah, yeah. And then we'd be eating something.

You'd be like, is this cheese just always available? Whose cheese is this? They just bring you this cheese?

I felt like I would bring it up. You'd be like, look, this cheese is from Whole Foods. This is expensive cheese.

I'm like, bro, stop talking about the cheese right now. But it was like, I remember you were noticing all those things in a funny way. I was like, you guys have an espresso machine?

He's got a woman's bathroom. What the hell is an espresso machine? Yeah.

I remember I was like freaking out that you had an espresso machine. I was like, what the hell is this? And I remember like I used to take food to go.

So anyway, yeah, it accumulated quickly. And I think it for most people, it's I mean, like I think that it's basically it's like you're poor, you're poor, you're poor. And then it's like suddenly it's like, oh, holy crap, I'm not anymore.

And you know, you have that moment. And there's this subreddit called Fat Fire and they talk a lot about that. And there's this guy who has a series of threads called Confessions of a Hecto Millionaire.

And he's doing like eight parts. And I linked to it in there. I see part five here.

Yeah. And the mods have basically approved it. So basically the mods have like this guy DMed him, DMed his accountants or account information or something.

So they like verified that he's as wealthy as he is. But basically, in the beginning thread, he says, you know, I'm worth north of $100 million. I got wealthy originally because I was an employee at a tech company that made me $30 million.

And that was like 15 years ago. And then I invested in this. And then I did this.

And then I did this. And I'm going to answer a lot of the questions that I think a lot of people ask here. And the mods have approved that I am who I am.

And I'm going to tell you all about work and purpose, my time and routine, why I keep a low profile, how relationships are complicated, what I spend on a monthly basis, what my investment in portfolio management is. And it's incredibly fascinating. I love this stuff where you get behind the scenes of people who you normally never have access to.

And so it's a great series. It's a great thread. It's awesome.