because they were spending like, you know, three million a month on AWS or something crazy. Okay. A couple of things I thought were interesting.

One, you posted something about this thing called MoPoints. What is that? Me?

Yeah. Did you post something about MoPoints? No.

What is MoPoints? It's just, I thought it was your friend who was doing it. It's basically like- Oh!

My friend. Yeah, Mo. Yes.

He just launched it. Yeah. Mo.

My friend Mo. Okay. So what it is is, yeah, I was like, what the heck?

I didn't even remember the name. My friend Mo helps people with points. That's funny.

He'll love that we're talking about it. So MoPoints. So Mo, it's my friend Mo.

Him and Ramon grew up together in- Mo's from Afghanistan by way of- Where's Ramon from? Netherlands. And then moved here.

And they used to have a business. It's shut down now, so I can talk about it. Where they would buy and sell airline points.

And he became an expert on how to maximize points. And so I'm getting into this now. And so, for example, if there's all these ways that you can, like, if you're spending money on advertising on this and that, you can maximize your points and fly for free forever for years.

And so he would teach me how to do it myself. And I was like, Mo, turn this into a course. And so that's what it is.

Let's pip him out, though. Is it MoPoints.com? MoPoints.com.

Yeah, I checked it out because I was pretty interested in this. Like, in the same way that you want, like, a tax guy to help you save money on the back end. You know, whenever you do, like, it's pretty significant credit card spending.

And a lot of times, if you own your own business, you can rack up a lot of spending on credit cards. I hate going and figuring this stuff out. I just feel like it's a waste of my brain.

And it's a waste of my time to go, like, optimize my spending and my points so I can travel free and book all this stuff. But I, like, know it's valuable. And so I was hoping to get, like, what's the shortcut?

What's the, like, you know, either you do it for me or, like, what's the 80-20? Give me the few things I can do that will give me the highest return on my time and effort. Because I know I'm sort of wasting this opportunity and I don't want to go become an expert in this stuff.

But if you're an expert, fantastic. So I signed up for it. Oh, great.

I'll make sure he knows. So, you know, points are interesting. I just got into them recently.

So I earn maybe 300,000 to 400,000 points a month. And that translates to 1% of that in cash value. So if I spent a million dollars a year through my credit card, which sounds like a lot if you're just an individual.

And that is a lot if you're an individual. But if you're a business, that's nothing. I get $100,000 cash back.

Now, here's the cool thing. That cash back, in most cases, is tax-free. Interesting.

So if you live in San Francisco, that's the equivalent of getting a salary of $180,000 or $100,000. That's our job. Yeah.

And so it's great. And so I've actually met some entrepreneurs who earn, I think you can get up to $360,000. Some accountant's going to tweet at me and say I got it wrong.

But I'm almost positive. And it's controversial. I'm almost positive you can get up to $350,000 in cash back.

And so I know this one lady who's got this flower company, and she gets $350,000 in cash back income a year. Yeah. That's great.

I have a friend who, he basically negotiated with his investors. He's like, I'd like to pay the AWS bill for my company on my personal credit card. And so he earned, like, whatever, Amex, double black, platinum, gold, whatever it is, like, the highest tier for life.

Because they were spending, like, you know, $3 million a month on AWS or something crazy. And so, like, he's like, oh, if I ever want to fly, I fly first class now. Oh, I get, like, three Equinox.

I get three this. I get three that. Because that's the perks of, like, the highest tier of Amex.

And he's like, yeah, I got lifetime. Because during my company, I just asked, can I just put this on this card and keep that, you know, tied to my name? And they did it.

And so that's what Mo's trying to do. Now it's just, like, a course in hand-to-hand combat, like, consultation where he's trying to help people. But that is kind of interesting to, like, log into a portal or, like, technology and it does it for you.

That is pretty amazing. And your transaction fee is either upfront fee or you skim a little. That is incredibly interesting.