How big is the business now? You guys have raised what, like $400 million? Yeah, we've raised $400 million.

We last raised capital at $3.6 billion valuation. I think there's still a lot of potential for health monitoring. I think if you fast forward 10 years, I think a large percentage of the world's population will be wearing a continuous health monitor and it'll hook into everything that you do as it relates to the healthcare system and doctors.

And so, yeah, I'm very bullish on the opportunity and the space. Do you know what you're getting into or what? I've read the briefing and I'm a big fan of the podcast, so ready for you.

All right. So like the pod, it's called My First Million. It's kind of known for, Sean and I have both started a handful of companies and sold a few of them.

And people like the pod because we brainstorm and we dive deep on different companies and we do like business breakdowns, things like that. So, but we'll spend a little bit of time kind of getting to know you because you've done a lot of amazing things. Well, I know of one huge amazing thing that you've done, but I bet you there's a lot more amazing things that you've done.

But we'll hear a little bit more about your background and then we'll want to spend time like kind of diving deep on different opportunities in your industry. But first, like, do you want to like say like, kind of like your, your 30 second spiel of like who you are and the story of how you got there? Yeah, absolutely.

So Will Ahmed, I grew up on North shore of Long Island. As a kid, I was kind of always into the sports and exercise. I ended up going to Harvard and playing squash in school.

And I was a competitive college athlete. And I felt like I didn't really know what I was doing to my body while I was training as an athlete. So that got me very interested in physiology, did a ton of physiology research as a student, read something like 500 medical papers, and started to conceive of this idea of how you could continuously measure the human body.

And the idea was initially around athletic performance. But broadly, I felt like there'd be ways to continuously measure the human body for all sorts of health implications. And, you know, what became as a sort of a curiosity ultimately turned into a very long research paper that I wrote, and then ultimately founding a company.

This was what would have been when I was 21, 22 years old, as a senior at Harvard. And, and then for the last 10 plus years or so, I've been, I've been building this, this business, the business who builds wearable technology, really to improve people's health. We started with the best athletes in the world and over time have grown to work with a large consumer population.

And, and it's a really exciting time to be building that technology. Okay. So yeah, you're the CEO of and founder of Whoop.

If people have seen it, it's a Whoop band. You've, you have to have seen it on people's wrists, but you said something like we started with high end athletes. I think I read something like this, that is this right?

That LeBron and Michael Phelps were two of the first hundred customers or users of Whoop. Is that, is that real? And how did, how did that happen?

That is real. And this would have been around 2014, 2015. So, you know, we spent about two to three years really on the initial V1 of Whoop.

And, you know, I wanted to start with the best athletes in the world and really for two reasons. The first was that we were bringing sleep and recovery technology to market for the first time. And I felt like professional athletes who, you know, have to perform on a daily basis should really understand how they're recovering.

That was one of the insights to starting the business. And, and then second of all, if we could get the world's best athletes to wear Whoop and organically like it, then we could build a whole brand around performance that ultimately could, could scale to, to consumers. And, and I grew up very inspired by brands like Nike and, and the Jordan brand and, and just how like a swoosh on something could make, make the whole product feel completely different, independent from anything else about the product just because of the, the storytelling behind it or the brand behind it.

So I was interested in how health monitoring could have a brand to it. And, and so that, that was really the thesis for targeting professional athletes. And, and so in the case of getting to LeBron and Phelps, the, I think the key insight was finding people in their lives who had a big influence on them, who a bunch of people didn't already know, you know, if you go to their agent or their manager or their wife, like they get inundated with this stuff.

So you have to find someone in their, in their life who, who other people don't know. And it also turned out back then that the personal trainer was a somewhat under rated or unknown person in a, a professional athlete's life. And that also happened to be the right person to go to for technology like whoop.

So in the case of LeBron, I got to know Mike Mencius in the case of Phelps, we got to know Keenan Robinson, both of which were personal trainers to those athletes and got them on whoop. And then they got their athletes on whoop. And yeah, the rest is history.

How big is the business now? I, you guys have raised what, like $400 million? Yeah, we've raised 400 million.

We, we last raised capital at $3.6 billion valuation. I think there's still, you know, a lot of potential for health monitoring. I think if you fast forward 10 years, I think a large percentage of the world's population will be wearing a continuous health monitor and it'll hook into everything that you do as it relates to the healthcare system and doctors.

And, um, and so, yeah, I'm very bullish on, on the opportunity in the space. Do you like, uh, being the CEO of a, of a big company? Um, or do you wish, do you like still wish that you were in the early days of like getting in the nitty gritty?

Cause I imagine you're like kind of just making decisions now and managing people as opposed to maybe getting your hands dirty on the product. Well, I've still tried to stay close to the product because I think it's something I've had, uh, uh, a relevant perspective on even as a company has, has scaled. And, and, uh, I've been able to see around corners in a few areas for the product.

I think that the role of being CEO is, as you guys know, changes a lot with stage and scale, right? Like, uh, 10 person versus a hundred person versus 500 person, like at each of these inflections, your, your role is definitely changing. Um, I think because whoop as a technology gets increasingly interesting with scale, it's made my role increasingly interesting as well.

So what do I mean by that? You know, the overall data set, uh, that you have on, on a larger population makes the data much more predictive and much more powerful. The coaching as a result can get much more comprehensive.

Uh, I think for other founders I've met who have been building a business for five years or even 10 years, they get to a point where they're kind of like, okay, this can run itself, or I'm going to bring in someone new, or I've kind of reached the relative peak of the mountain. And I don't feel that way. I feel like there's still, uh, a bunch more levels to go.

I feel that, uh, the insights that the technology is able to get the number of people that it can potentially use by all of that feels like it's amplifying, not shrinking. And, and so for those reasons, yeah, I'm very excited about, about being CEO. It's, it's also a look, it's a daily challenge growing into it.

I feel like at every stage of the business, I've had to learn how to, uh, how to be a CEO. And it's not like this is the first, just the first company I started. It's my first full-time job.

So, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm figuring a lot of this out as I go. Sam always asks that question and I'm just waiting for the one person who's like, I hate being CEO. I hate my job.

I hate all these people that are in this office. This is terrible. There's certain things that change a lot, right?

Like you, you're the percent of time in which you think of yourself as an individual contributor versus a manager has to shift very dramatically. Uh, I think probably around the size of 50 people, it has to shift like that, like, it's about 500 people, but that's probably one of the most painful things that if a founder doesn't fully appreciate or recognize they can screw the business up a lot like you have to recognize that you need to be shifting almost entirely towards manager and not being an individual contributor well you know what it is is we uh we we we talk to a lot of interesting people here and the ceo of like a 500 person plus company usually looks like not always but usually like they look tired and there's rings under their eyes and they're usually a little chubby and it takes a huge swig of coffee well no they look like crap but you're a uh you're like the ceo of a fitness brand you you were a highly competitive athlete and so you look great and so it's like you're you're you're kind of like skewing the the uh the average here but like i mean you look pretty fit is are you like how are you balancing like being healthy and putting your but also putting your company first because i like when i was really in the thick of it i was like dude i don't have time to work out like screw it i'm just gonna eat this crap but uh well you don't you don't know this but one of your competitors was my neighbor and we used to work out together in my garage every day and then uh and then he got promoted to ceo he was like he was like a different exec got promoted to ceo and then uh stopped having time to work out like he just kept coming by while i was that's what i'm saying and he was like i gotta get back in here and we're like dude you're the boss you know you could just like rearrange your schedule right he's like i got crazy it's crazy right now oh it's crazy right now and for like nine months straight oh it was crazy right now and he just stopped working out i was like bro you run a health company like you gotta if you don't sleep or work out or make time for this stuff like you know what's going on here and uh i just thought that was so funny like the the fact that he was like you know i know we have to make this successful in order to do that i'm gonna make these health sacrifices as i go what super nice guys i mean dude will's got like a chiseled jaw you got a nice head of hair you're wearing a it looks like a like a vest you look all you look all spiffy and you look nice and uh what what are you what are you doing to exercise right now and how are you balancing that with work i think look i think it's part of the the job for me that that i'm gonna be in in good shape and healthy and uh i spend a lot of time around people that are super into their health and fitness whether it's professional athletes or scientists or even thinking about product features that are designed to improve your health so as a business like just thinking about the the product and technology that we build every day that kind of orients me at least to be uh to be healthy and not to mention i'm using a product that uh is all about health improvement so you know for a variety of reasons it feels like it'd be super off brand if i was uh if i was really out of shape or or what's your like sleep score when you sleep are your uh you know you give us your give us your stats and also what are some things that you know a lot of this audience who listens to this um i would say probably i would guess the majority don't regularly wear a continuous health monitor um but also the majority care about performing well peak performance and as as an entrepreneur typically um who's listening to this so what are some things that they that you you've learned that you know they maybe should be doing or you know some of the biggest levers that you've seen when it comes to you know kind of health and performance well i want to be clear that that uh i do believe building a successful company uh requires overcoming some level of stress that would break most people so i i do think you have to uh really push above and beyond what is comfortable i think the technical term is man up will yeah okay man up but like within that i think there's a lot i think there's a lot of techniques that you can develop for yourself that um allow you to run at a breakneck pace for a long long time you know people always talk about this analogy of okay it's not a it's not a sprint it's a marathon but if you actually look at like world-class marathoners they're running like four minute mile four thirty mile that's kind of a sprint yeah so you know and how do you run a mile that path so i think for the entrepreneur or the you know the the business leader listening to this you want to figure out a way that you can be sprinting a marathon for a long time and and one of the ways i view that is taking care of myself and and uh being in good shape uh i think we can start with uh uh sleep which uh is isn't i think a topic that's not talked about in the right framework most people when you talk to to them about their sleep they're like oh i don't have enough time i'm working to our blow up the thing to understand about sleep is it's all about the percentage of time that you spend in bed getting high quality sleep so if if you ask your your audience or you ask a friend who's never worn a health monitor and you say how much did you get last night they'll be like oh i went to bed at 11 i woke up at six i got seven hours of sleep pretty good okay the reality has been seven hours in bed so of those seven hours you are in a period of awake a period of light sleep a period of rem and a period of slow wave sleep awake and light are pretty much irrelevant you're not getting any physiological benefit from being in uh awake or light stage sleep um and slow wave that's where all the magic happens so rem sleep is and your mind is repairing so like real cognitive repair um it's when you have deep dreams so if you're someone who can't remember dreams or you don't seem to have dreams you're definitely not getting enough rem sleep any high-performing exec entrepreneur you need rem sleep um slow wave sleep is when your body produces 95 of its human growth hormone so just think about that for a second 95 of your human growth hormone gets produced during this stage of sleep you're not getting stronger in the gym right or working out you're breaking muscles down you get stronger during slow wave sleep so the more you get of that the better okay and let's take the person who spent seven hours in bed that person could have gotten a total of 30 minutes of rem and slow wave sleep or they could have gotten a total of five and a half hours of rem and slow wave sleep like that's an or like a massive massive difference that's a huge spectrum the person with 30 minutes i guarantee you has all kinds of problems in their lives the person with five and a half hours i guarantee you is very happy very high functioning and what's like um what's like really strong if an eight hour block was you know i'm in bed for eight hours what would be like a good level of rem and slow wave sleep if you can get over 50 of the time you're spending in bed to be uh rem and slow wave sleep like you're you're doing pretty well uh and so i i'm in that camp and and i'm also still optimizing my life more to be uh a ceo or uh an entrepreneur than a human right if i was just fully focused on being a great human i would probably spend eight to nine hours in bed right and i wouldn't look at my phone before bed and things like this right um but because i'm still optimizing for being an entrepreneur i uh you know i spend more like seven hours in bed or you know seven and a half maybe if i if i get a little extra sleep but i've managed to make that time you know like the three to four hours sometimes even four and a half hours of rem and slow wave sleep so i'm getting the rem and slow wave sleep that like a a person who might be spending eight or nine hours in bed is getting because i've figured some stuff out that makes me sleep better so that that's sort of one whole category right there which is sleep and anyone listening to this should try to figure that out for themselves because it's it'll just dramatically change the quality of of your life i'll give you another hack i wear these blue light blocking glasses before bed and they've got a red like kind of a red tint to them and uh if you think about laptops uh iphones whatever all of them are emitting this light that is telling your eyes and your brain to stay awake and uh if you're like me and you're using your phone or reading an email you know closely before bed uh because you know you're you're doing work or you're staying on top of things uh it's going to affect the way you sleep but if you wear these glasses it's like a get out of jail free card and you can look at all that stuff right up until the moment you go to bed and it won't affect your sleep so uh so that's like one example of of how you can hack both sides of it have you um you said you've been around all these uh interesting athletes and you also have access now to like millions of pieces of data who are some of the biggest freaks in nature that you've been around is there like judy in iowa that's getting like nine and a half hours of slow wave sleep and she's your hero you got like a picture of her on your wall yeah or like uh like all these athletes that you've been around like is there anyone who you just like you've seen them in real life like you came in mutombo incredible yeah well you're like like when we first when we first started looking at we first started working with lebron james this would have been uh 2015 2016. his sleep data i could probably point to the one that was lebron's which is kind of amazing like uh and it makes a lot of sense that that he was so good at uh and has been so good at recovering in his career because he's taking care of that third of his life and and sleeping great i think it's maybe the most rem and slow wave sleep of anyone i i've talked to um named alex honnold do you guys know that name so yeah honnold is from free solo yeah yeah the climber the climber right so this is a guy who who uh you know climbs mountains without a rope essentially and uh and does these insane feats that are extremely dangerous so the interesting thing about uh rem sleep is researchers were able to find the more rem sleep you get the less heightened your amygdala response so your amygdala response is is fight or flight you know what signals to your body to to to to be nervous or to to get animated so it makes a lot of sense that the guy who's capable of climbing uh you know rock climbing these environments that no one's done before without a rope uh has this insane ability to sleep because that's probably in part what makes him so calm uh as he's doing these activities so i thought dude i just i just googled uh alex's name and then rem sleep i think we just gave you the promo of the century man like this this is the marketing this is like it should be it comes up the first thing that comes up is like a ted talk now uh your company talking about how you sleep more you get more rem sleep then you're able to like take a little bit more risk and be calm i mean that's like a really that's like a really interesting um uh play here what uh one take on those athletes do you think it's a sort of like intentional thing like you think that they you know like is lebron or alex are they doing something that's making their sleep that much better or do you think because they happen to be great sleepers that that is what allowed them to become such great athletes or such great performers i mean there's certainly there's certainly genetic things that make people better or worse at sleeping but uh there's also so many things that you the individual can do to enhance your sleep uh sleeping at a very consistent time so going to bed and waking up at a very similar time will just um will just unusually elevate the quality of of your sleep often sleeping in a very cold room a very dark room a very quiet room a room of high air quality athletes who are serious about this stuff will you know measure all of that and dial it in i still think athletes aren't sophisticated enough about sleep and recovery given how important it is to their overall performance but those are a variety of things you can do we talked about blue light there's certain supplements that work better or worse for people magnesium melatonin interestingly hard harder harder sleep drugs like the ambience of the world uh they they knock you out so your sleep latency is short but the quality of the sleep uh is never that high so again back to that percentage of time that you're in rem and slow wave it it is rarely you know maybe if you're someone who normally be at 30 you're going to be at 20 percent dude i've uh i was a a 400 meter runner division one for me a runner in college so i used to be like fairly competitive and i knew a bunch of basketball players yeah and i knew a bunch of basketball players who ended up going to the nba because i i was friends with them in college and uh dude it's shocking how bad myself included how bad most competitive athletes are when it comes to like diet and recovery like i didn't know anything i just like i would eat like ranch and pizza every day and uh a couple of my friends who went and went went on to play in the nba like we're just eating mcdonald's like on a regular basis it's pretty amazing how like some people are still freaks even though they don't do any of that nonsense you know uh it's pretty wild and we've worked with a lot of athletes like who yeah they used to play video games from 11 pm to 2 am you know you got a game the next day in front of a million people you know and it doesn't occur to them that that actually is going to affect their performance and then you look at the data and it's like okay you're you've got a red recovery even though you didn't even drink alcohol because you stayed up late staring at a screen whereas if you you know had gone to bed at the same time that you start playing video games here's the difference in what your your performance is sean you gonna make fun of me or something no i don't know i was gonna ask actually uh uh this is a personal question naps where what's what's the word on naps because i am a prolific napper in fact one of my life goals is to be able to take a guilt-free nap every single day and i know athletes are pretty big on naps as well but i don't know if you could get to those deeper stages in a quick you know in a one or one and a half hour nap uh what's the word on naps or winston churchill if you'd have a daily nap yeah that'd be pretty good yeah that's that's a good way to put it yeah yeah yeah i feel like he's the coolest he's the coolest person i can think of who who really pioneered the daily nap as a as a hardcore uh uh yeah it's a hardcore nap i'll i'll i like that i think that sounds better because my my nap marketing is pretty pretty soft right now i need to i need to up it i need to have a churchill nap in fact i'm gonna brand it as i'm gonna brand it as a churchill nap dude i i do it every day as well yeah yeah yeah yeah about two o'clock for for about 30 or 40 minutes every single day and do you get in bed or you just lie on a couch kind of thing no i only go sean do you go to bed i only go to bed for nighttime sleeping and then i i refuse to lay in the bed i go to a different bedroom i have a nap bedroom and i have a master bedroom really yeah interesting and you do wear a sleep mask or anything you just close your eyes i wear a sleep mask but i get knocked out like i wake up two hours later and i'm like i'm a whole different human being i feel like and you wait and you could sleep at night after two hours i can't do two hours two hours is a real nap yeah churchill is that really what you do you do two hours every day but that's my goal my goal is to get that to be an everyday thing right now it's in every third day john's like here's my life advice young man you got to get a solid 16 every day life's cream cheese i'm not a big nap person personally i i almost rarely ever take naps but i think that there's certainly uh plenty of research that shows that for most people getting a nap versus not is going to make them uh feel better and uh perform better i certainly think a lot of athletes uh take them in the afternoon or even some will take them almost right up to the time before tip-off or when they when they have their their uh event so and they because i think one of the reasons for them is they also need to peak in their performance much later in the day than most people right so like an nba game might start at 7 30 or 8 and they're playing until until 9 or 10 or whatever and so but whereas most people are winding down at that time but so they kind of need to shift their their peak performance later in the day whereas most entrepreneurs are trying to be you know tip top at 9 00 a.m or whatever yeah i think that's right the challenge with naps is that the percentage of time that you spend in in uh trying to sleep is often lower as a quality standpoint so that's why i was kind of interested in whether you guys get in bed or whether it's more casual because you might up the intensity of the setup of your nap to really maximize the the quality of the sleep so try things like a sleep mask or try you know a couple little things and you might all of a sudden feel even better after your nap are you the only founder are you are you a solo founder well i i was fortunate in that i met two really talented uh engineers when i was graduating from harvard so uh one is uh john capalupo who for 10 years was our chief technology officer and the other is a really a nicolai who's still with me and he's our uh chief mechanical engineer uh and the combination of of uh the three of us uh really built really built the company now uh a lot of it was algorithms development you know computer science data science having the right um prototypes and yeah so it was it was uh it was very technical out of the gates well what um um but you're you're you were the the you consider them co-founders or just uh meaningful uh contributors i consider them co-founders i mean i i came up with the the idea for the company uh uh you know years before i met them but but they've been an amazing i mean amazing piece of of the whoop story and critical what do you um so you're the ceo you're you're a founder of a multi billion dollar startup what what do you do with uh i assume i don't know if you're liquid or not um or if you have a lot of your equity so tied up what are you going to do with all your money when you eventually do get liquid uh do you have like any big aspirations are you just like a boring guy who just like what have you taken secondary along the way any any secondary yeah i have i have it's uh well look it doesn't it doesn't actually change your your motivation all that much in building the business that was something that i remember someone saying to me uh at various points when i had the option to sell some shares and uh i think it's really just made the quality of my life higher and you you should post your sleep before and after the secondary be like do i sleep easier at night now by the way 50 million in the bank yeah it turns out i do actually i do sleep a little easier at night taking secondary i remember when i was first getting going in my career and i heard about these secondaries and i was like that's i think it was rooted a little bit in envy but i also was like you got to be all in and now that i've like done a little bit of stuff i realized having a safety net and this is like a very obvious thing to say so i sound like an idiot here but having a safety net particularly like a meaningful safety net of of of liquid net worth i think 100 makes you better at building your company and i think taking secondaries it changes on a scale sometimes it's too much but taking secondary i think will make you a better company builder do you agree with that i do especially if you're like a growth stage of a company i don't i don't think i ever sold shares until whoop was worth at least a billion dollars um and they were for rounds that were super oversubscribed so i but i do think that's a fair i think that's a fair lens to look at it from i've read about people taking secondaries at the you know series a stage or something and i don't know everyone's i get like everyone's circumstances are different so you don't want to you don't want to judge but um i do think for a company that's at a later stage where you're trying to you're making this calculus of is this a company that's going to be acquired in a short period of time or is this a company that we're trying to build to be a standalone business and i think if it's more the latter you want your your founders or your key your you know your ceo you want you want folks like that to be uh not sort of looking at their bank account wondering when they're going to cash out on this thing you want them in a mode of hey i can keep going for a while uh and you know really optimize the business so yeah i agree i agree with you what do you do with your money do you just do like boring uh vanguard uh or like index funds or or or do you do something a little more risky and what do you like to spend spend your money on i wouldn't say i'm the biggest spender of money um but i i i mean i've enjoyed investing in stuff investing in startups meeting founders i've enjoyed uh backing stuff that my friends do uh or start i if you go out to dinner with your friends do they just bill comes do they just sort of look at you and wait now or uh yeah they got t they got t-rex arms they can't yeah suddenly that that wingspan shortened up big time couldn't even get to the pocket anymore no i mean look i think it's it's great of course to be able to be generous too and and uh take care of people or cover bills or whatever um i i think it just sort of creates a peace of mind for you and in an important way if you're going to be uh trying to do something for the next 10 years what companies did you want to start uh before that because i'm looking at your background so you said you're from long island you live in in boston and went to harvard so that's amazing but you studied economics like it didn't look like you and then you worked at a bank right or you're just like an intern at a bank you were i know my wife's from a long island and look you're going down this very typical path of just being some like banker type in in the city uh but you kind of like took a left somewhere what uh what other companies were you thinking about starting i wasn't thinking about starting companies at all actually and your observations right i sort of i thought in the back of my mind i would go work in finance after i graduated because that's what a lot of people seem to do and uh and i had some background in finance because my dad had worked in finance but you know internships are a great thing to figure out what you don't want to do so i worked at a hedge fund after my freshman year i worked in an investment bank after my sophomore year and i worked at a private equity firm after my junior year and the question i asked myself at each of those places is you know did i want to be my boss's boss or boss's boss's boss or uh you know if i could be one day and uh and i just didn't i didn't feel that pull i didn't feel this like gravitational pull towards it and uh at the same time i was becoming sort of obsessed with this idea and i think i ultimately became an entrepreneur before i really knew what an entrepreneur was it wasn't like i was choosing between three or four different ideas it was just this one idea that i became obsessed with well in the last uh decade that you've been doing this you know any entrepreneur i think sees other opportunities you see things that are pain points for your business that you're like man somebody should make this easier or you meet a bunch of other entrepreneurs and you realize oh wow there's like a whole universe of potential businesses that that can be started and be successful um a lot of people listen to this podcast to try to get ideas to think about oh what what's what's possible what's possible what could i be doing right now and um so do you have any uh business ideas that have come to you you know as you've been running whoop that you're not going to go do because you're running whoop but like you know maybe somebody else could go i have a lot of sort of funny tangent like business ideas that are uh sort of silly business ideas that you you know think of uh i'm in the shower or whatnot uh and so we can we can riff on some of those and then i have you know i have some that are more don't don't tell us which ones are the serious or the silly well we we probably will get them all mixed up ourselves anyway so take one off your list and let's let's hear it okay this is a very funny one so the the idea for the company is is car pipes and it's uh it's vocalist lessons while you're commuting in the morning so you're in your car and you've got someone who's teaching you how to sing and you know you're you're uh car pipe yeah you're in a safe space so you can you can you can belt it out exactly those are the types those are the types of ideas i feel like that i think of a lot i'll give that one i'll give them a b sam uh f i think i i always wanted to sing look dude you you you have so much listen you have so much data so i both have in car pipes no it's stupid you're you're you're a brilliant man and you just had one dumb idea i'm allowed to say that you both sean and i have both invested in uh continuous uh glucose monitor companies um i don't know i don't know if you ever i i think i had an opportunity to pass on your company will or somehow a deck made it my way and i and i was a fool and i didn't do it or maybe i just didn't have any money i think that's what it was i think i think i just didn't have any money i think i was just i just didn't have enough cash um i mean i want to know like which of these wearables do you think are going to be awesome and which wearables in the future are going to be uh are going to be a thing you know on the pod what we've talked about i don't have a background like you so i'm just kind of riffing here but i've always thought it was ridiculous how you can have like a cancer or something bad inside of your body growing and uh you know i've had family members who have passed away and it was like you know had we just gotten this mri or cat scan like six months ago you would have been fine and i've always thought it's very strange that something can be in your body and it's just a matter of you just didn't get it measured uh otherwise you would have been you could have been fine i've always thought that to be quite strange and whoop actually told me one time when i had covid and i thought that was sick and i'm like well sick you should tell me if i have like cancer as well you know what i mean uh that's that's a that's something that's always fascinated me yeah and i would put i would put all that sort of in the category of like uh obvious innovation that's coming um the combination of body scans blood work and continuous monitoring through a non-invasive wearable um will ultimately be able to predict a lot of things that that uh you know are disease states or or um leading indicators uh for death and so i'm very optimistic about how profoundly uh the healthcare space the relationship with your doctor i mean all of that will change it's which so so obvious and then the other thing is and and artificial intelligence is a very popular expression these days but ai will be enormously valuable for uh analyzing a lot of uh a lot of these somewhat complicated scans uh to look for things inside your body that might be off uh which which otherwise required you know an expensive radiologist to look at or something which startups do you think that are at like the sub 100 or sub 50 employee count and maybe sub 300 ish million uh market cap or uh valued uh like below that do you see in the health health and wellness and anything related to that category that you think is going to have a similar trajectory as you guys and has a bunch of uh meat on the bone for for growth and upside you know it's funny because i i think i've spent so long thinking about health and wellness it's almost like the bar to invest in a health and wellness thing is is is too high so i actually find that i don't invest in all that much related to health and wellness like i'm racking my brain right now i think something that i'm involved in that's and that's directly health and wellness a related company that i think is quite quite powerful is called whisper which i am an investor in and it is uh they've essentially built technology that allows you uh that can transcribe uh your thoughts which is is pretty powerful technology if you think about it uh the ability to sort of think something and and it gets written out uh so i really like deep tech stuff like that that feels feels like magic feels like the future and how that how does it do that you're wearing like a brain scanner device type thing and then you literally think something and it writes it how what happens i don't want to butcher this but the the short of it is it looks like you know an old jawbone might have uh one of those bluetooth uh sets and and that's you know that's what the technology's form factor looks like you literally just think something and it writes it or you have to like sort of whisper it uh i believe it's using your your brainwaves what's the url of this uh it's whisper.ai okay i just saw it it looks like a little uh it looks like a like a hearing aid yeah oh that's cool how much money have they raised you know uh i want to say something in like the 15 20 million range wow that's pretty fascinating this data is wrong every freaking time have you heard of hubspot hubspot is a crm platform where everything is fully integrated whoa i can see the client's whole history calls support tickets emails and here's a task from three days ago i totally missed hubspot grow better so here's a category of work that's a little more serious because obviously you guys have seen uh everything that's come out in terms of deepfakes and this ability to create videos of people that are almost indistinguishable from uh from a real video right I think that there's going to be like a talent agency of sorts that's for non-living people.

So, you know, imagine if you're Tom Cruise towards the end of your career, the same way Justin Bieber just sold like the rights to his songs, maybe Tom Cruise sells the rights to Tom Cruise and you can keep making movies with Tom Cruise for the next hundred years. Or another version of that is you can have an actor like Tom Cruise who's completely artificial. Have you seen the Tom Cruise deepfake on TikTok?

Totally. It's incredible. Sam, have you seen this thing?

Yeah, it's amazing. You know who did that, Sean? We talked about it.

Fucking the South Park guys. Is that Deep Voodoo or that's somebody else? I thought it was Deep.

I thought Deep Voodoo did the Tom Cruise one. Am I wrong? Miles Fisher.

Miles Fisher. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And he's the one who does them.

I think it's him and this other guy. Because he kind of looks like Tom Cruise. But there's a whole technology, I think, that doesn't even need a human involved, which, you know, would just essentially take the fact that Tom Cruise has made 50 movies and be able to.

Yeah, but that's interesting. You're like, instead of selling your back catalog, sell your future catalog, basically. So you could sell your likeness to, you could create an AI likeness and just license it out to whoever wants to kind of use it, which obviously has some potential ways it can be misused, but seems valuable enough where people would figure that out.

Have you guys heard of, I think her name is, is her name Michaela, the Instagram influencer who doesn't exist? You know what I'm talking about? Oh, yeah.

Yeah, it's like a model that is completely made up, right? Yeah. Yeah, but now she's got like a boyfriend.

I don't actually know if they're together or not anymore. But she's got like a whole cast of characters now and I've been getting into it. And they raised a bunch of money.

And like she's getting ad deals. It's super fascinating, dude. It's super fascinating.

And what's more fascinating is I think that if I had to guess the way that they're making the way that she looks, they're using AI to come up with like the ideal person that both men and women are attracted to or like want to like follow and be into. And I follow her boyfriend and he's super skinny and he's little and like androgynous. And I'm like, fuck, they don't like yoke boys anymore.

Like, you know, these. And so it's kind of funny to see like what they're like making is like the ideal person. It's very fascinating.

But the business is making a lot of money, I believe. Well, on this pod a while back, I had said somebody needs to create a deep fake OnlyFans model. So I was like, oh, you could just have a virtual OnlyFans model that even kind of looks a little virtual.

That's OK. And now this is just a moneymaker for you, right? You're like basically like some sort of virtual pimp.

If you created these these AI OnlyFans characters and a guy did it. So so a guy reached out and and so he created it. He's like he basically used his girlfriend, who's like a model or whatever, as the model for it and then created a AI clone of her.

And now we're like setting it up and we're going to see how it goes. So I'm really curious to see if this thing like takes off or not. So are you actually interested in this business?

Are you are you going to be? How am I not interested in this business? This is so interesting to see if this works or not.

Yeah. But like, how do you work with like soft core porn all day? I'm not doing anything.

I'm just like getting the update. He just DMs me and says, check this out. And he'll be like, you know, we got the account made or we're going to, you know, and he'll start sending me updates on how much money they're making.

Right. I just want to see how it how the experiment turns out. I don't have to sit there and train her.

Think about the investor updates that will sense. He's like, you know, here's like screenshots of our new prototype. You know, like we've effectively we've we've gotten people's REM sleep to improve by 5% by just adding this little feature.

Here's a mockup. And they're like, what's it going to look like to you? It's going to look great.

I don't know. I don't see what the problem is. Well, that's that's actually it.

So a theme that I think about is like. OK, 50 years from now, what are things that. The the future generation will look back at our generation and say, oh, that was so crazy that that was happening then.

Like there's a lot of easy versions of that for us today. Right. Where it's, you know, you can say smoking on smoking on airplanes or.

You know, the number of people that died giving birth or. You know, people dying from just traveling across the country. Right.

Like so there's all these examples of that. And then if you try to pull it forwards, what would they say about things that feel sort of a little too normalized. Today.

And what are things that your grandkids will say, like, really, grandpa, like, you know, slavery and you're like, I don't know. It was just the norm back then. Right.

Like, what are those what are those things today that 50 years from now will seem either like crude or rude or whatever in some way. Right. Like, I think the health monitoring is an obvious one.

It's like you just didn't know. How you were doing. And it's like, yeah, we just didn't know.

You go to the doctor once a year, maybe. And like. Yeah.

They just randomly measured my blood pressure once a year. Right. That was my checkup.

That's that's to me the most obvious one that will seem like, wow, you guys really came. You just rolled the dice with that one, huh? Your whole your whole health thing.

And that that's just going to be so different in the future. The number of people that die from car accidents seems like it would be on that list. Dude, I was driving last night on a late night, like to one lane road and a huge truck went by me and I and it shook my car.

And we were both going 80 miles an hour, like, you know, passing each other. And it does seem in about 20 years, it's going to be so archaic. We're like, can you believe that we are basically one sneeze away from like an 80 miles an hour, like car crash all the time?

Like, you just just literally 10 feet away, five feet away sometimes. It that is that's going to be that's going to be our generation's smoking section in restaurants that that cars to cars. Go.

That's really it's going to be like smoking or not smoking. Like you used to drive these cars going in opposite directions and you were 10 feet away from each other. That's what it's going to be like, I think.

And like my wife is vegan and she's like, yeah, like that the thing that's going to be, you know, the 50 years from now is like, you just killed animals and ate them. Like what? Why?

Why? Like you just thought that was okay. I bet.

It's like, dude, I bet. Will's got a total opposite take on. Yes.

That's what I wanted to hear. What's your take on a sort of like vegan carnivore plant-based, you know, all these different, you know, vert more extreme versions of diets. Have you seen anything or where, where's your head at it?

What's the data say around that? The data says it's highly personal. So you could put two people on identical diets and they could have literally the exact opposite effects on those, on those people.

I remember, I mean, take professional athletes, for example, that you guys remember when LeBron got really skinny. It was like around the Olympics. Yeah.

And he had been playing with Ray Allen. So Ray Allen got him to go on the paleo diet. And because Ray Allen was obsessed with the paleo diet.

And again, it's an example. It was amazing for Ray. Terrible for LeBron.

Like terrible. And so there's every version of that for, for the rest of us. For me personally, I eat, I eat three meals a day.

I, I try not to eat crap. I eat carbs. I, I, you know, I would say I have like a Mediterranean type diet, a lot of meats and fishes and vegetables.

I don't really drink that many calories, mostly drink water and coffee. So, so that's my diet. I also think diet is easier if you like the right things and then you can kind of eat as much as you'd like, or as much as fills you up versus having to count calories in part.

Cause a lot of the calories you consume are really bad calories. So those are my quick perspectives on diet. Dude.

Have you seen, well, have you seen, um, Brian Johnson? Do you know who that is? Yeah.

The, uh, uh, he created a really cool or is creating a very cool company, uh, that measures brainwaves. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. But have you seen blueprint? Well, that's his whole age reversal.

Uh, he's like a human. He's like a human whoop band. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, he wears whoop. And, uh, and so that's how I know him.

And, uh, he's come on the podcast before. I think he's coming on actually soon. Is his, uh, is he like in the, is he in the top, like 1% of, of data?

Cause if not, he's doing a hell of a lot of shit with his lifestyle. If that doesn't work, if that doesn't give him some off the charts readings on his, uh, on his sleep and his, his strain, then I don't know. Well, I want to be clear that I don't have access to every single person on whoops data, but, but, uh, I think some of the stuff we went over, cause he was on a podcast maybe a year or two years ago.

And he was telling me some pretty good stats then. And it sounds like he's dialed it in even more since. So I'll definitely listen to the podcast you guys did with him.

Well, so listen to this, Sean, this just happened. I think this morning it was released. So basically he was on our pod and he looks like a freak, you know, like he's like chiseled.

He looks awesome. And I don't know how old he is actually. He's like 46 or something.

Yeah. Yeah. But he like, he's, he's looks great.

And, but you know, he does all this insane stuff that you'd expect a billionaire to be able to do. He's got like 30 doctors, like helping him do all this. He's he, he, you know, whatever.

Well, it just released that, or it was just released that you can spend, I think like a lot, like a 1.5 or $2 million a year. And you basically can, he's going to like, anyone can use his doctors and go through his system in order to, what he's trying to do for the listeners is he's basically, it's kind of like this thought exercise, but he's taking it seriously. Which is he's trying to reverse his age, which you can do through like improving your blood and losing weight, things like that.

So reverse his biological age faster than his chronological age goes up. Because in theory, if you do that, you live forever. Obviously that won't happen, but it's like an interesting like thought exercise.

But now anyone can sign up and apply to use like all the crazy shit that he's doing. You're going to do it, Sam? It's like $2 million a year.

No. No. Also, like I have a thing with all the fitness people.

And Brian, I called Brian out for this and he actually answered it well. But I'm like, do you ever experience joy? Like, so I don't drink alcohol.

And a lot of people will say like, oh, I've been wanting to do that. And I'm like, well, do you have a problem? And they go, no, it just sounds dope.

Then just get drunk every once in a while. That's like a life worth living is like when you have things to celebrate and like you can build camaraderie with your friends. Like, yeah, just do it.

You might live a little shorter. You might be sick for a few days. But like, you know, like experience joy.

That's good. And so with Brian, I was like, do you ever like had birthday cake for your kid's birthday? Like, he's like, no, I've only cheated like once, one meal over like two years or something like that.

And I was like, well, are you happy? And he said, I'm happy. So my opinion of that is, okay, great, you're winning.

But for most people, I don't know, experience joy a little bit, like be healthy and also like get effed up every once in a while. I think that's good advice. Will, I have a similar thing that you'll hate slash disagree with, which is on my Twitter, I have this tweet that's pinned that just says, here's some semi-controversial things that I believe.

And one of them is you don't need a sleep tracker. Great sleep is obvious. And I think you would probably disagree because it's kind of the premise of your life right now.

But you got to admit, pretty catchy. And there's some nugget of wisdom in there. There's some nugget of truth in that belief.

Just because it sounds good doesn't mean it's true. Yeah, I mean, I think that might be true in like extremely binary terms. You know, oh, I had to wake up for a 4 a.m.

flight or, you know, the alarm kept going off last night. Like, yeah, okay, those are bad nights of sleep. But I think it's a profound lie in the sense of if you're actually trying to understand your nightly sleep and routine.

Like, I think there's just a lot. Think about it this way. It's a third of your life that is a complete black box.

You have no idea what's happening during that third of your life. And science has proven that that's a third of your life that dramatically affects the other two thirds. And if you're good at sleeping, it decreases every form of potential disease that you can have.

Like, it is the magic pill. So I don't agree with your tweet, but I respect that you probably have a lot of retweets. Tons of retweets, right?

We do it for the retweets around here. And I do think that Sam's point's a good one, though, as it applies to that tweet, which is, if you make all these things seem, you know, like discipline in spite of joy or sort of soulless, then, of course, there's some kind of a rebellion against it, right? And so I've heard people talk about sleep tracking in a way that makes sleep tracking seem profoundly not cool.

And so I understand it through that lens. But I think the reality is you can measure things about your body passively that give you a great insight into your life and can make your life better. Right.

Yeah. Okay. So what do you think is going to happen, Will, 10 years?

What's the vision here? Are you going to go public? Are you going to sell this for $10 billion?

What do you think is going to happen? I think we will ultimately go public. I think that it'll probably be sooner than that time frame that you gave.

And I think we're going to build technology that's able to predict a lot of massive life events as they pertain to your health. And along the way, provide a 24-7 coach that helps people meet their goals well beyond health. You know, psychological goals, professional goals, just because of the value that understanding your body can provide.

Dude, you've stuck it in the face of all the finance bros. You're saying, I didn't have to go that route and I still crushed it. I think that's awesome.

I've got so many New York friends and Long Island friends and they do the same thing over and over and over again. I'm like, you're selling your soul, man. This is the worst.

And it's so cool that you kind of saw that route is not maybe for you and you're going to just crush it. We're big fans of whoop. I've never tested the aura ring, so I've been loyal to my whoop.

I've been calling it, I call it whoop and whoop. So my apologies. I actually didn't know the right way to pronounce it.

Yeah, what is the right way? Whoop. Whoop.

I can't lie, I kind of like whoop too. Like I would never say I'm whooping ass, but I would say I'm going to whoop ass to this. So, you know, like I kind of, I don't know.

Yeah, that's going to be your best announcement. I don't know who I agree with, the founder of it or Sam. Yeah, what do you know?

If you wear it inside out, it's whoop. Yeah. I never knew how you pronounced it, but my wife and I are paid subscribers.

How much do we, I think we pay you $300 a year. I don't even remember what we paid for. Dude, I paid you for two years and I just didn't have my band.

I lost my band and then I just kept the subscription going. So, you know, you're welcome on that one. But now I got my band back and now I'm getting the value.

Yeah, yeah. If you reach out to membership services, they'll send you a band, no problem. If you're a subscriber, the hardware is included.

I mean, that was one of the more. That was like more obvious now in hindsight. But in 2018, we changed the whole business model to being a subscription where the hardware was included.

How much did, was that like a huge, I mean, did your economics drastically change? Totally. I mean, we used to sell the product for $500, one-time fee, everything included.

Then we went to, you can sign up for as little as $30. Like picture the, just all the cash implications, gross margin implications, everything that happens almost overnight when you do that. And it was also about the business moment because, okay, companies founded in 2012.

If you're changing your business model that profoundly six or seven years later, you're also admitting you haven't figured out the right business model six or seven years into building a company. So, yeah, that was all, that was all quite, quite painful and concerning. But we, you know, we created a really cool business model that now has been amazing.

Yeah. Now you're going to get, maybe you can make, you're going to make an argument. I don't know if you're going to get it, but you're going to make an argument that you get those SaaS multiples.

Yeah. And I think there's a fair case for that. Yeah.

I don't know what your churn is, but that'd be, that'd be badass because I mean, that's a, that's a, that's a, you know, five times more valuable company. Um, well, dude, this is awesome. Yeah.

Thanks for coming on. We took you a little over time. Sorry about that.

But, uh, but thanks for coming on. Will, this is, this is fun. And, uh, yeah, everybody go get some sleep.

And by the way, Sean, for me, that's a big pivot. Well, I said great sleep is important. I just said great sleep is obvious.

Uh, you know, directionally, you know, which way you're going, whether you track it or not. And then once you get, once you get going in the right direction, then start measuring it and optimizing it. Did you have a Twitter thread that was killing a clubhouse?

I get it on. That blood is on my hands. Yes.

Wow. That's yeah. How's that?

What do you say? On point. And all the clubhouse investors who blocked me because they thought I was just being a hater.

You know, the, um, my door has a little mail slot for apologies and, uh, they're welcome to go ahead and slip the, slip the apology back in. Yeah. No, I'm connecting the dots on some tweets of yours that I've read now.

Uh, because I also remember that sleep one. I think about it. That was my version of the, of the clubhouse thread for you.

Uh, I don't know that business very well, but it certainly seems like it's, uh, not doing as well as it was in the middle of COVID. Well, I think. What a hip.

What a hypocrite Sean is, by the way. He's got, he owns a whoop. Yeah.

Whoop. Whoop. He owns a, he owns a whoop and he's still saying you don't need a sleep tracker.

That's bullshit, man. Call him out. Will.

Yeah. Well, I, I, I definitely will now. Well, I'm waiting for the version that like just auto charges or just like stays charged for like two years.

So I can just leave it on because, uh, I'm a notorious lose shit guy. So, you know, I'm on my 18th AirPods. I, uh, you know, I've gone through three whoop bands and, uh, it's the charging that gets me every single time.

Same. What's the plan, dude? Is a 30 day charge going to happen anytime soon?

Or is it for a guy to get an infinite battery around here? Yeah. Just do better.

And by the way, the, the modular battery pack, I think was a good innovation at least. So you don't have to take it off. But, but, but, uh, you know, originally I was hoping we'd be able to do it like watches where there's certain watches for movement.

Yeah. Keep it alive. The reality is that because we collect so much health data, we're driving the battery pretty hard and the sensors pretty hard.

So, uh, in some ways it's great that we've gotten to four or five days, but, but, uh, customer feedback heard. Okay. We'll, we'll work on the two year model for both of you.

No, that's been my same thing, which is that's why I don't wear an Apple watch is I think it's so stupid that you got to charge those things all the time. I think, dude, I lost my wedding ring on my honeymoon. Cause I just lose everything.

I had, I got mine tattooed on my hand because I lost it so much. Same. I think I, but the charging thing, like I'm not smart enough to get away with this absent-minded professor shit where it's like, oh, he's so messy, but he's brilliant.

It's like, well, he's, you know, above average. It's like, it doesn't have the same, doesn't have the same, uh, you know, excuse power for me. That's all right.

You're, you're, you're good enough that you can screw up every once in a while. But, uh, yeah, the battery thing, man, you guys got to figure that out. But we have, I think we have Will's email in the calendar invite.

So Sean, you're just gonna, you're just gonna message him. Hey, Will lost my band. Please hook up.

Thanks. Right. I will delete.

Please mail. I'll delete tweet. Fair.

We don't have that many people losing it because they wear it all the time. So you must be taking it off too. I also got little kids and my little kids are like, oh, bracelet, toy.

You know, they just think it's theirs. And so they just steal it when it's charging on the counter and they, they, now I lose it. So, you know, whatever.

Well, dude, thanks for doing this. Um, I gotta give it. I gotta give it to you guys.

Your, uh, your PR guy, John is my good buddy. John, uh, hooked us up with, um, uh, Ariel Hawani. You like UFC, uh, Ariel and John are good buddies and Ariel's like the face of like UFC journalism.

He hooked us up with that. He made the introduction to you. So, uh, we, we owe him a shout out, but I appreciate you coming on.

This is awesome. Are you a big UFC fan? Oh yeah.

We both are. Yeah. We're both huge into it.

Are you? Uh, I'm not a huge fan, but I mean, I observe it, uh, from a distance. I think the athletes are like, you know, some of the more, uh, impressive physical specimens in the world.

Yeah. Besides the whole brain thing. Besides that.

Yeah. And the slap league thing that they got to put that away. That's the stupidest fucking thing on earth.

I hate the slap league. What? I hate the slap.

Dude, that is the dumbest thing. I mean, on the slap league. What?

That is so stupid. I wanted to hear it. I watched three minutes of the preview and I was like, just when I thought I was out, Dana White, you got me back in.

It's so crazy. Dude, that is the dumbest thing ever. Are you really a fan of that?

No one's saying it's not dumb. I think it's horrible. You know, and they get knocked out.

So for those listening who don't know what we're talking about, it's basically, I think they have weight classes, but it's usually always like big old fat guys looking like they're supposed to be strong, but they look huge and they just stand in front of each other and they smack each other five times. Right. Is that the rule?

It's five slaps. And, but they almost always get knocked out. It looks like.

Yeah. You just take turns open hand slapping each other, but the slap is like a thud. It's not like a slap.

It's a basically a punch. And yeah, it basically results in a brutal knockout. Like every, every single match, which is pretty crazy.

It's and their faces are so swollen. Have you seen that? Like when their jaws are so swollen and they wear earplugs because they will rupture your eardrum.

You know, if you ever gotten hit in the ear, it looks horrible. Sam, did you see the trailer for it? Like they released the preview that was like supposed to hype you up, introduce the league.

And they're like, these people come from, you know, everywhere. They come from nothing. This guy was doing this.

Now this has given him this opportunity and he's the baddest guy. And they still are nothing. And then one guy goes, I just want to change the world, man.

And I lost it. I was like, this is your plan to change the world? One slap at a time.

Brother, what are you doing? We're democratizing slaps. Chris Nowitzki has done all this concussion research at Boston University.

He's one of the key guys for doing concussion research in the NFL. He was in the WWF, wasn't he? He was like a professional wrestler.

Yeah. And he had a bunch of concussions. And he's like, it's just half a step from having people just stab each other on live TV and then seeing who makes it.

Yeah. We should also get ratings, right? There's this idea of painfotainment.

Have you ever heard this term? I get the idea of it. Yeah.

It's a great name for that reason, right? Which is we love entertainment of people suffering, you know? And so like, whether this is TV shows like Survivor or Naked and Afraid or whatever, where they have to suffer in that way, or it's somebody suffering in an emotional way when you're watching Dr.

Phil or Jerry Springer and somebody finds out they got cheated on or they're Maury tells them they are not the father, whatever. There is a, you know, they used to have executions publicly and people would come and watch the execution, literally like, you know, whatever in France in the old days. And so there's this long history of people enjoying stuff, watching suffering as a form of entertainment.

And it's this crazy thing, but it's, it's something that, that does exist. I'm not saying it's good or bad, but like, I do think it's a, I do think it's going to work for that reason. There's some darkness there.

Yeah. Well, thanks for making this happen, dude. We appreciate it.

Yeah, it's just fun. Thanks for having me, guys. Yeah.

We'll, we'll be in touch because, you know, I'm going to be emailing you all my complaints about my whoop, but maybe I'll be one of your investors whenever you IPO, but this is awesome and we appreciate it. Do you, you can give a shout out by the way, what's your, do you, do you use social media at all? At Will Ahmed are my handles.

Well, thanks for making this happen. We really appreciate it. We'll talk soon.

Be well. Talk soon, guys. Cool.