This one streamer who we're talking about, what's his name? XQC in this case. How much money does he make?

He probably makes between, I want to say, $3 to $10 million a year. No way. Really?

Yeah. Probably $5 to $10 is an easy estimate. $10 is not even the upper bound.

These guys can make much more than that, maybe up to $20, $25 million if they are maxing out their stuff, but they don't always want to do that. I used to negotiate with these guys even before Twitch, when I was just trying to get them to promote our products. It's like, all right, I want to talk to this streamer.

No, you don't get to talk to the streamer. You talk to the manager. Okay, fair.

That's fine. They're stars. I get it.

All right, who's the manager? Is it CAA or WME? For 95% of them, it's like...

Oh, it's like his little brother, Ray Ray. Yeah, exactly. It's his girlfriend.

Exactly. It's Ray Ray. Or like, hey, Jenny, you know, so how long have you guys been working together?

It's like, well, we moved in together when we were 16, and then he didn't do anything for five years, just played video games all the time, and now he's rich, and so I quit my job to check his email. This is like the shirt. It's like the Gen Y or Gen X, whatever.

What are the young people now called? What are the young people called? Z.

It's like Gen Z. It's like the Tommy Bahama of Gen Z. Yeah, I literally was about to start with the shirt, so you're on to something.

What kind of, what brand is that? Scotch and soda. Yeah, yeah.

Dude, Scotch and soda crushes it. They crush. There was two, I went shopping this weekend, and like whatever, like Union Square in San Francisco, and two dudes walked into the elevator with their scotch and soda bags, and they were so happy.

It's like shopping makes people really happy. I think that's an underrated part of shopping is how happy it made them, and they were just like, it was two guys, and they were talking to each other, and they were still talking about their shopping, which I would say I've never experienced that, being another dude just, first of all, going shopping together. Secondly, after shopping, not just being like, all right, it's done, whatever.

Like, we don't need to talk about it anymore. He was like, yeah, I'm really happy with the color. The guy's like, yeah, the color's sick.

And I was like, I'm just in the elevator with them. And I was like, yeah, is that moss green? That's hilarious.

Dude, Scotch and soda's awesome. You shop there? No, I didn't shop there.

I was shopping for my wife, but it's in the same area or whatever. Wait, you were shopping for her? Like, with her.

She wanted to go buy. I told you she was trying to buy, like, a designer bag. Which, by the way, the whole experience is crazy.

Have you ever done that? Have you ever gone to, like, a fucking... Yeah, it's bullshit.

You gotta make an appointment. Yeah, well, now they... It's like a restaurant now.

Basically, they... You go, you put your name down, they're like, we'll text you to get in. Like, you can't just walk into the store.

Yeah. And we go in, and it's like... I've got two babies and a dog with me.

So I'm already like... You brought your dog to a Louis Vuitton store? Yeah.

And my stroller has two children and a dog. They're probably like, sir, you can't come in here. You have to leave the kids outside.

They straight up... I don't even think they saw the dog because the dog is so small and so quiet compared to the kids. Like, I think that just got lost in the shuffle.

Otherwise, they for sure would have kicked me out. But we were like, hey, you know, we're here! We're here!

And they were just like, okay, why are you so loud? It's like, all right, let's do this. And I was so excited just because I was like, all right, whatever.

Make this an experience. And then, like, five minutes in, I became... Like, I went in with the best intentions.

I was like, I'm going to make this a great experience for my wife. She wants this. I'm going to not just play along.

I'm going to, like, be along. I'm going to fucking sing along with this. And then, like, literally five to 15 minutes in, and I was just like, all right, like, just pick one.

The small one or the big one. I don't know. Which one do you like?

Just pick the one you like. She was like... You're such an idiot.

You're such a redneck. You're like, we're here. And then, like, five minutes in, and we were like, hey, do you guys sell me, like, a lemonade or a turkey leg or anything?

I was like, oh, they used to offer snacks. You guys still do that? And they were like, we've never done that, sir.

And I was like, all right, wear the shot. And then, like... No Cheez-Its?

There was, like, a section for the purses that's, like, five stairs up. But I got a stroller, two children, and a dog, as you remember. So I was like, y'all got an elevator, and it's, like, three stairs.

And they were like... They were like, yeah, there is, like, a wheelchair lift over here. I'm not sure if your wagon will fit.

But, like... And then I got stuck in the fucking wheelchair lift going between, like, going up a four-foot rise. I get stuck.

And then I realized I'm not stuck. I just push the door, and it opens. Nobody was on the other side to open the door.

It wasn't automatic, either. Dude, you're the Indian curb your enthusiasm. Yeah, that's exactly how I felt.

Oh, dude, somebody said this the other day. They go, I was in L.A. They go, I was in L.A.

or whatever, in New York somewhere. And Larry David was there at a driving range playing golf. And they were like...

And they were like... It was like some... Like, just like a hole-in-the-wall type of driving range.

Not like a nice one. They're like, why does Larry David go there? He's like, oh, it's, like, near where he lives or something.

So he just popped over. It's, like, 2 p.m. on a Tuesday.

He just wanted to hit some balls. And they're like, I overheard him. And nobody even...

Nobody pays any attention. You know, this just looks like an old guy. Nobody knows who he is.

And he's talking to the lady who gives you the balls. The balls are... The balls are $11.

And he's like, why does it have to be $11? He's like... He was negotiating the price?

Or, like, he was complaining about... He's, like, a super rich guy. He's like, it's not the price.

$11. Now I've got to have a $10. But a $10 is not enough.

If you made a $10, one bill, we're done. Now I've got to give you a $20. Now what are you going to give me?

$5 and then $4 ones? What am I going to do with these ones? And he's like...

Like an actual Curb Your Enthusiasm skit. I definitely like that in real life. For sure.

All right. Since we're talking about entertainment and content, I have to tell you about two different things. So we're going to call this segment, I'm Happy Freaks Exist.

Here's the craziest content that I've consumed this weekend. Have you heard of the show? Yeah.

No, definitely not. Have you seen this show called Naked and Afraid? I've heard of it, but I have not watched it.

It's like you're naked on a beach, right? It's the craziest thing. No, it's worse than that.

So what they do is they take two strangers and they drop them off in, like, the jungle in South Africa or Asia. I don't even know where the exact locations are. It's all over the world.

But, like, remote, remote locations, oftentimes places that's, like, 110 degrees during the day and, like, 50 degrees at night. So you're freezing. They take two strangers.

They put them in this area. Okay? They give them nothing.

Sometimes if the water's really bad, they'll give them just a pot, just an empty pot, and a machete. That's basically it. And they make the two strangers meet and work together to survive for 21 days.

And they're completely butt naked. They're not wearing anything. They're entirely naked.

And they've got to, like, spoon at night to stay warm. Otherwise, they're going to, like, shiver. And, like, but it's not.

Is it usually, like, two dudes, two women mixed? What are we doing? It could be usually, so usually, like, a man and a woman.

But then they, like, throw, like, curveballs in there. So, like, they had this, like, guy. I think he was from Australia.

And they played him out like he's, like, this, like, redneck hick guy from Australia. And then the woman is a transsexual. And she comes on.

And they set it up. So, like, they, like, you know, how is this conservative guy going to feel about this? And he was totally...

And, like, the whole show, it was like, oh, you know, it's okay. Like, everyone's, like, unique. And he's, like, totally kind.

And, like, it's like, oh, man, he's breaking the stereotypes. And they, like, hug it out. And they're like, we'll protect one another.

We're a team. And so that's, like, you know, like, one of many ways the show is amazing is, like, they're, like, doing this together. It's ridiculous.

And the hardest thing I've ever seen. And I don't think they get paid a cent. You have to watch this show.

It's ridiculous. And so they have to survive for how long? 21 days.

21 days. And so what are they doing? They're going and hunting?

Or they're just, like, eating? They're, like, usually they're, like, we have to make shelter. They're, like, we have to go figure out how to make a fire.

Sometimes it's in a rainforest and it's raining. And they're, like, I don't know how we're going to stay warm. We're not going to eat.

And so sometimes they won't eat for days, for 10 days. On one episode, a guy made a bow and arrow and shot a bird. And it was awesome.

Another episode, a guy tried to go and wrestle a crocodile to bring back and to eat. Oftentimes, I've noticed, another, like, trait I've noticed is usually the women are way tougher and way calmer. Like, significantly.

Like, the men are, like, come out all aggressive. Like, this is going to be awesome. And they're, like, trying to cheer the woman on.

Like, let's do this. And then they, like, get worn out after seven days and they bail. And the woman just stays by herself and does it.

So usually, it seems the women are mentally stronger. It's amazing. It's a wild show.

I cannot believe that, like, people do this. Okay, that's amazing. What does that have to do with you put a tweet in here also next to it that's completely unrelated.

But I guess it's under the theme of I'm glad that freaks exist. The second thing. There's this guy.

What's his name? Is his name Felix? Felix.

What's the URL of his website? Do you know? Is it, like, Felix.today?

How is Felix.today? So this freaking guy, for eight years, he tracked hundreds of different parts of his life. So, and I have a list up.

So he tracked the easy ones, like weight, steps, and diet. But then, and then alcohol. But then he tracked his mood, his stress.

He used Rescue.me, Rescue Time, I think it's called an app that tracks which programs he was using on his computer, how much time he spent on his cell phone, his mood, his energy, his sleep. How often he, how many texts he sent that day, how often he talked to friends, if he was more productive in the evening or the day, if he took any drugs, what city he was in, what the weather was, how hungry he felt. Did he feel lethargic?

Did he feel stressed? What else did he, it was like just so much stuff. He had 30 or 40 or 50,000 data points and it's all done in an engineer-like way where he could say like, well, I was 46% more likely to say I felt sad if I didn't see a friend in the trailing three days.

Like there's like, what are, can you read out some of the findings? Yeah, so like for example, how does longer sleep duration, like how does sleep affect my day? He's like if I have, let's see, so if he had more than eight and a half hours, okay, I think he means less here, but he's 65% more likely to have cold symptoms, 60% more likely to have a headache.

He uses social media, 40% more when he's sleep deprived, 30% more likely to be a rainy day. That's interesting. Yeah, crazy stuff.

20% less likely to hit the gym. Actually, no, longer sleep duration. This is, I didn't read it wrong.

He's saying if I sleep more than eight and a half hours, all those things are true, which is crazy. Read another one. Read some of the other ones.

It like, it's pretty, this is, it's pretty amazing what he found, but then. Air quality and various rooms. Like I'm not even gonna read what goes beyond that, but just like measuring the air quality is crazy.

Wow. This is wild. I'm scrolling.

I've been scrolling for like the entire time you were talking and I'm halfway through this guy's findings. This guy's a nut. Is he okay?

He's a nut. This guy's a freak. The funny thing is he tracked everything and I'm like, is this guy okay?

I don't think he's okay. I need an answer. It should start at the top.

Is he okay? And actually it says, Felix feels all right and updated one hour ago. And it says what city he's in.

It's amazing. This first little table is nice. Weight, height, sleep.

And then it goes, last meditated 41 days ago. Inbox, 20 emails. Personal to-do lists.

179 tasks. Wow. It's pretty wild.

His sleeping heart rate, 459 beats per minute. So if you scroll all the way to the bottom, he's got one sentence that kind of like summarizes this. And he says, do like a control, my computer's not working, but if you do like a control F build or something like that, you might find it where he says basically building this and having all this information, I'm happy I did it because it's just like a fun way for me to nerd out, but it was not beneficial and it doesn't make sense for anyone else to do this.

So you were saying the main, he says, the main conclusion it is that it is not worth building your own solution and investing this much time. So that's on the building your own solution. I'm very happy that I built this project in the first place.

It gave me much better awareness of everything going on in my life. I'm excited. I'm excited to have this, have built this website to wrap up this project and showcase some outcomes.

So he's done this for eight years, you said? Yeah. Wow.

Amazing, right? Yeah, truly amazing. How'd you find this guy?

On Twitter. How is Felix.today if you want to go check it out. It's nice.

It's amazing. It's actually pretty nice. I'm not going to lie.

It's awesome. It's totally unnecessary and absolutely amazing. Like I would like to have this if I just could do no work or like, you know, touch a button once every five hours.

Like, you know, I'm down to do that. But I don't want to remember to log all this stuff. His story, and so this guy is incredibly interesting.

His story, I read, I like researched a lot of him because I thought he was amazing. He said he moved, does it say where he's from? Is he from Vienna or somewhere like that?

Yeah. And he moved to San Francisco in 2015 to work at Twitter. And then after a year, he was like, you know, I don't really like having an apartment.

I'm only going to live on an Airbnb in San Francisco. And then he was like, I'm just going to leave San Francisco. And so for the past, like seven years, he's only like, he doesn't own anything other than a suitcase, I think.

And that's how he's been living. Good for him. I like it.

I like the, I like the segment too. I'm glad that freaks exist. Can I tell you about another freak?

Yeah. All right. Elon Musk.

So the, the, but this is not actually about Elon. This is about his wife. Have you ever stumbled down the rabbit hole?

That is Justine Musk on Quora. She talks a lot of crap. She's airs out a lot of their, she's, she like is, it sounds like Elon didn't treat her wonderfully and she lets the world know, like she airs out their laundry.

Well, I don't know. I don't know about all that. What did she do that, that aired out his laundry?

I'm not sure that that's true. She said that he was driven and everything, but she also said like, I don't want to exactly paraphrase. I don't remember entirely, but I remember like she gave like a Ted talk and on Quora.

She's like, yeah, it's just like living with him was horrible because he wasn't there. He, we were all like second and third place to his work. Yeah.

Yeah. But she says things that you would, that's not airing out of dirty laundry. That's, I don't know.

You just come, that's common sense. Almost. He's had like three wives.

I'm pretty sure, you know, something's not great about the experience. Otherwise, you know, may have lasted for longer. But dude, I find her, her Quora to be fascinating.

She has, it's not all just, oh, let me tell you about Elon Musk. It's like, you know, she answers questions about a bunch of stuff and she's done it for seven years. Yeah.

So she's an author. She's very smart. Novelist.

And so she answers some questions. I will give you a couple of the answers that she gave. So somebody said, how can I be as great as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, or, or Richard Branson?

And so, where's her answer? Let me find it. Have you been watching the Johnny Depp trial?

A little bit, dude. It's so good. It's so good.

It's so exciting. Why are people, why is this so fascinating to people? There is, okay, you want to know another freaks exist moment?

Go to, go to this Instagram account before I even go back to this Justine Musk thing. This is crazy. And this is also like kind of interesting.

I wouldn't have guessed that this is a thing, but go to the Instagram account. That's called, what is it called? How is habit or something like that?

It's called. What's it called? House in habit.

So this person, Jessica Reed Krause. Wow. What are the odds?

Both of them, Felix Krause and Jessica Krause. Maybe they're married. These two freaks.

So she lives in Southern California. And she calls herself the queen of the carpool, the Hollywood philosopher, stereotypical Scorpio tendencies. And then she puts her Venmo on.

Here is to give you a quick sense of what we're dealing with. Okay. What's a Scorpio?

I don't understand what that reference. I don't know. All like LA things.

It's like, you know, here's my favorite crystal. Here's my horoscope. Here's my Venmo.

And here's my casting tape. So, all right. So she basically covers trial, like Hollywood gossip, but in the craziest amount of detail you'll ever see.

So look at her follower account. She's got 850,000 followers. That's just like an independent person.

And she's been posting every day about the trial. Like if you go click her story, there's like 50, like maybe more. Oh my gosh.

There's like 80 story frames, right? To like tap through. And she edits it like crazy.

It's like insane. So like today's not a good one because it's like, there wasn't like a trial thing, but like if you click like 10 in, it'll be like, she'll cut like a little clip of Johnny walking in. And then there's music she overlays.

And then there's like a little thing that she cuts in this news clip from Fox. And then she adds on top of that. Then she transcribes a whole bunch of stuff and like puts the transcript there.

Then she does the background research. And so I know several people who are following the whole trial. They don't watch a single minute of the trial.

They don't read the news. They just follow it through her story because it, because it is so crazy in depth and somewhat addictive and entertaining. And like first, when the first person told me, I was like, okay, that's weird.

Whatever you, you got into something weird. Then I heard it again. And I was like, you also follow that random person.

And the, yeah, it's great. And then I looked at, then I looked him up and she has 850,000 followers. And I was like, holy shit.

This is crazy that this is like one of those niches that you wouldn't even really know exists. But of course it exists. And of course it's a big deal.

It basically takes the tabloid, but it repackages it from a tabloid into like any individual person's Instagram can become the juiciest tabloid in the world. If you just put in the effort and she puts in mad effort. What she just covered.

I was looking at her stories that there was a guy a couple of days ago. He looked like he was dressed like he was about to go to be a waiter at a restaurant. And he couldn't be at the trial.

So he was on zoom and he was in his car and he was sitting there with the zoom with this camera from him. And he starts vaping on the call. And you see him like take a hit of vape and like exhale all this smoke while he's sitting in his car waiting for the judge to ask a question.

And then it's clear that like he's got to go. So he starts driving out of the parking lot like while and vaping while he's answering the calls. And he's like, all right, you guys good?

Did I answer everything? All right, I got to go. He's just he's like vaping while driving away during this trial.

But all right. What about Justine? Okay.

So Justine Musk. Okay. So somebody asked, will I become a billionaire if I'm determined to be one and I put in the necessary work?

Uh, her first answer. No. One of the qualities of a self-made billionaire is their ability to ask the right question.

That is not the right question. It's not to say it's a bad question. It just won't get you to the part of your mind that's working to help you and mulling things over while you're doing up other things and sending up flares of insight.

You're determined. So what? You haven't been you haven't been racing naked through shark infested waters yet.

Will you be determined when you wash up on some deserted island, disoriented, bloody, ragged, beaten, staring off into the horizon with no sign of rescue? And so she goes through and she's like, you know, the world doesn't like the final thing. The world doesn't throw a billion dollars at the person because they want it or because they work so hard.

They feel they deserve it. The world does not know. Does not care what you want or deserve.

The world gives you an exchange for something it perceives to be of equal or greater value. And anyway, so she goes through and basically like, you know, the long story short was no, a billionaire doesn't come on Quora and ask these types of questions. But it'll be like if you just go through and deep dive, dive through the searcher on on on Quora.

And it's a fun, like 20 minute read, because I think you get little snapshots into somebody who knows Elon Musk really well and has been around somebody of that, like, you know, kind of like the greatest entrepreneur and inventor of our lifetime. Somebody who knows him from a different angle, but then also somebody who's just like smart and objective. So they're not a fanboy, nor are they a hater.

It's like someone who I actually kind of respect and, you know, believe their opinion on these things. Obviously, everybody's got their bias, but I feel like with Elon Musk, normally it's 100 percent fanboy or 100 percent hater or just completely uninformed. And like this is none of the above.

This is something else. This is informed. Are there any good ones that she's written up?

Yeah, there's a bunch that are just on. So I started with Elon ones and then it'll be like, you know, you know, be like, you know, should I? I should I break up my girlfriend?

It's like, oh, let's see what she has to say about that. Like you just read like, you know, her kind of take on philosophy. I don't know.

She's a fascinating character. The other one is Grimes just did a podcast with Lex Friedman. I don't know if you saw saw that.

I heard about it. So Elon's current. I don't know what I don't know if they're married, girlfriend, something baby mama.

I think they've had two babies together, but they're not married or something like that. They're not together anymore. She did a podcast and you could definitely see.

Like how these people would get along, like she even talks like Elon and this kind of like slow measured. Weird, like finality type of way of speaking. But she was talking about like, you know, like how to raise kids or like, you know, there's like is there like, you know, what do you think about like, you know, free speech on Twitter or something like that?

Lex tried to ask her and she's like, I do not think I should have an opinion on this. And he's like, oh, my God. And then it is like such an Elon thing to say.

She's like, I feel, you know, I'm too close to the situation. I actually I should not have an opinion on this. I should I shouldn't have an opinion on this.

Oh, my God. It would not be it would not not be productive to this future of humanity. Did she come off that weird?

Kind of. Yeah, it's like not like I thought I don't know. I knew nothing about her.

So like, you know, by just from afar is like, oh, I think he married like a musician or something like that. OK, she's probably like, you know, like some, you know, just like beautiful, happy, bubbly pop star. And it's like, no, it's not that at all.

OK, she's kind of like alternative. All right, I get it. But still, you know, like, I don't know, charismatic, charismatic and into like just like kind of like a.

Extrovert people person. And instead it was like, you know, she was like, oh, they were like, how's it been? You know, like, tell me about like, you just had a baby.

You know, what's what's motherhood been like for you or whatever. And she's like, it reminds me of my favorite graphic novel, sci-fi graphic novel. And then she named some Japanese like graphic novel.

You know, like no one's like, have you read it? He's like, no. And then she's like, it's called I have no mouth, but I must scream.

And that's what having this baby feels like because they're helpless. Right. They can't even control their muscles.

They can't say what they want. They can't express what they need, but they need something. And they're trying to scream.

But it's as if they have no mouth. I was like, whoa, like pretty dark take on like motherhood. But like, I don't know, also interesting and insightful at the same time.

But yeah, that's been kind of my like, that's my contribution to the I'm happy that that freaks exist. Because like, yeah, I'm happy that there's people that are so different and so interesting. And we'll live life in a way that's like interesting, but like uncomfortable.

And I get to be comfortable and just watch them do interesting things. Like, you know that. Dude, I love it.

That Teddy Roosevelt quote that everybody, every entrepreneur loves to put on fucking Instagram. Like the man in the arena or something. It is not the critic who counts.

It's the man in the arena who's bloody and beaten and whatever. You know what? It's also tight to not be bloody and beaten.

It's tight to be just a casual fan in the arena, eating popcorn, watching other people get beaten up, and then going back to your daily life. Like that's actually a pretty tight position that like most people should go into and not try to be like, you know, the gladiator dying in the arena or the critic hater. You don't need to be either one.

Our software is the worst. Have you heard of HubSpot? See, most CRMs are a cobbled together mess.

But HubSpot is easy to adopt and actually looks gorgeous. I think I love our new CRM. Our software is the best.

HubSpot. Grow better. Dude, do you realize that to some people, I think you and I are that entertainment where like, I'll have some people like reach out to me.

And I think it happens to you. It's like, oh, you should do blank. It's like, you really just want me to dance for you.

Yeah. That's really, yeah. Just tell me to dance.

That would be a lot easier. That'll only take a few minutes. You want me to dedicate three years of my life to starting blank?

Yeah, you guys should talk about this. Oh, you want me to go get a PhD in something I don't know about for your benefit? Okay, cool.

That's not how the podcast works. Here's how the podcast works. I'm weird and don't realize it.

Then I come talk to Sam. He's weird and doesn't realize it. Then we kind of point out, oh, that's weird about each other.

Then we go away. And like, you guys think we're both weird. Yeah, I mean, we are that to some people where they're just like, want us to dance.

But dude, that's why I love the YouTubers. Like, there's this guy I've been following. I think it's called like Whistlin Diesel.

There's all these YouTubers where they got, they get. What does that name mean? Whistlin.

I think it's Whistlin Diesel. So he like has all this acreage out in Indiana, I think. And he just like builds cool trucks and cars and just like wrecks them basically.

Like, you know, he'll build like, remember as a kid, I think it was called a power wheel. It's like the like the little toy trucks for kids where you like sit in it. He'll build one.

I'll take one of those. It's not really one of those, but he like builds a version of that that has a massive gas engine in it. It goes like 120 miles an hour, but it looks like a power wheel.

So just like doing things that like you think you'd want to do in the country. But what's, you know, when you're out in the land and like just breaking shit and like blowing stuff up, doing all that. But what's crazy is these guys do it and then they start making money from it.

And they're like, all right, now we have more money to spend on stuff up, bigger stuff, blow stuff up and to build stuff like or there's all these guys on YouTube who will like get like a 50 caliber rifle. So like this gun that's like huge and scary. And they're like, you think it can shoot through that car?

Like, let's just try it. Let's even go straight through the car. Or what would happen if we just shot this at like a huge block of metal?

How deep will it go? Like just all these like stupid stuff that you would just only do like either when you're high or you would just dream up, but you're afraid of losing all this money. They do it and I get to live through them.

And I love that. Wow. That's cool.

They're actually kind of related note. So Mr. Beast basically does this, but he's like exactly.

And, you know, he's almost like 100 million subscribers on YouTube. So did you see this thing that was going on last night? I doubt you did because it's like, you know, you said you're Gen Y.

This is like Gen Z, you know, shit. But basically there was a celebrity poker game last night with basically it was this poker game last night that had like, I don't know how many, like 50,000 or more people watching it live streamed on Twitch and YouTube. And it had Mr.

Beast, who's the number one YouTuber or whatever, one of the biggest YouTubers. Ninja, who was the biggest streamer for like a long period of time. XQC, who's the biggest, like one of the biggest Twitch streamers also.

So there's basically like four or five huge content creators. Then it was Phil Hellmuth, who's this like famous like pro poker player that's on TV all the time. Tom Duan, who's like one of the greatest poker players ever.

So it's like a couple of pros and a couple of content creators. And they came in and it was a $50,000 buy-in game, but they could rebuy. And so it was called the Million Dollar Game.

And basically this was being live streamed last night and none of them were like playing seriously because they were like, hey, they're all rich. And B, they were trying to make for good content. And so they were like, they played this game.

It was very entertaining game. It was probably like one of the most entertaining like, I don't know, like online or like TV poker games that I've seen like in a long time. And I just thought it was a great idea.

That's a pretty short list, I would imagine. No, I've been watching for a long time. So I actually care about online, about poker and have watched a bunch of like World Series of Pokers or.

So what happened? So basically, shout out to our girl, Alexandra Botez. Do you know her?

She's the chess girl. Okay, I did a podcast. Oh, yeah, we've talked about her.

I did a podcast. Yeah, so she's a streamer, content creator who's like her and her sister. I don't think they're twins, but I think they're sisters.

They're like chess. Like, I don't know if they're grandmaster or they're master players or whatever, but they're like, they're like great at chess, but also great at content. So they have like a big following or whatever.

And so she just cleaned up in this game and she's not like a great poker player. It's just like they would. They're all kind of playing very loose and she won like a half a million dollar pot.

Like, you know, just kind of like with ace nine. That's like kind of like a lucky hand or whatever. And the pros were sitting there like just kind of waiting for good car, like waiting for good to play good cards.

They're just playing smart. Whereas Mr. Beast was like just playing kind of like any hand he could get into.

And then he'd be like, he's just he's like, I just want one clip to go viral. Like, that's what I'm here for is for one clip to go viral because they're like I can poker. You could do this thing where once both people go all in, you could say, all right, normally you would just there's only one card left.

And they're like one of us will win. One of us lose. But you could do something called running it twice, which kind of like smoothens out the like the variability.

Like it's like running multiple times in a simulation. So you'll get like more possible outcomes. So you can run it once, run it twice, run it three times, run it four times.

And he's like, no, we're going to run it once. He's like, we need this clip to go viral. It needs to be the highest stakes with the biggest heartbreak and like the easiest to understand.

And you can see the poker pros were like, oh, OK, like, I guess so. I guess that makes sense. It's like to me, it was so funny just to see these guys playing with totally different like agendas and styles.

And also they were miked up the whole time and there was no edits because it was live. And so you could just hear them like bullshitting about whatever to each other. And like, you know, people from different worlds kind of just like, so you did.

So the guy was like, so like, you know, how much, how often do you play? He's like, oh, I've been, I don't play. Like this is the first day off I've taken in four years.

And he's like, what do you mean? Like how often do you stream? He goes, I stream every day for 10 hours a day.

He's like, what? And he's like, yeah. And he's like, this is one of the few, like one of the rare, this guy, XQC.

And they're like, how long you would do that for? He's like, seven years. I don't understand.

And the poker player looked at the streamer like, you degenerate, which is hilarious because the poker player is normally like the biggest degenerate who sits at a table playing, you know, this like stupid card game for five hours straight losing money. Is that real? Will someone, will someone really stream for seven years every single day for 10 hours?

Yeah. Yeah. That happens.

Like not 10, usually it's not those exact numbers, but people have streamed every day for 10 years and they'll stream like five hour streams or something like that as like their normal stream. And some guys do 10 hour streams and then they'll usually take one day off a week. Maybe, I don't know XQC specifics, but like, yeah, he, he, he's a, like, he's a nut.

And when he's streaming, what's he doing? He's playing video games. Any game.

So he, yeah, he was like big in Overwatch, but then Overwatch stopped getting like popular. He got more popular because his personality is pretty big. Like he, he just kind of gets wild on the stream.

And so now he'll go, he'll do whatever. He'll play, you know, virtual farm simulator. He'll play like, you know, a shooting game.

He'll play like whatever the game is. He calls himself a variety streamer, which is basically like at that point, they've stopped coming for the game and they're coming for you. And so.

Is he funny? Like what, what, what, what's great about him? He's funny.

And he like, he like rage. He like gets enraged pretty quickly, which is like a big thing on Twitch is like, you gotta like show emotion. So like you see in basketball or like golf is the ultimate example of this.

And this is where I think traditional sports can learn a lot from online content. Because traditional sports, they teach you like if you ever watch a basketball press conference, they're the most boring in the world. It's like, yeah, we're just going to take it one game at a time.

You know, they're a great team. Add respect to them. You know, we just got to keep putting one foot in front of the other.

It's like, oh, great. You know, like super boring. Whereas you and I love UFC because that one guy would be like, he ain't shit.

I'm going to kick his team, his ass and his whole team's ass. You know, like they just like, they like talk shit to each other. So that adds a level of like drama and excitement.

Streaming is like that, but like 24 seven where they're just constantly, you know, talking shit to them, to their teammates about themselves, about, you know, the game, about like the characters, about the strategy, about whatever. So they show a ton of emotion. So if he loses, he'll throw the mouse, he'll break the keyboard, he'll like, you know, like spit and scream and, you know, like he'll get angry.

How does he have enough energy to do that every single day? Just what he does, man. It's like, that's just.

And you just sit and he's sitting in a chair for, he's sitting in a chair for 10 hours a day. Built different. Yeah.

Yeah. He's sitting in a chair. You may not like this, but it is peak physical performance.

Exactly. Somebody said this, there was this hilarious line during the thing. So she won the, Alexandra won the $500,000 pot.

And then she like won another pot. She was like up 600 grand. She came in with 50K and she had like a $650,000 chip stack.

And like she had so many chips, she couldn't even stack them in time. Like the next hand needed to be dealt. But her giant chip stack was just blocking the half the table.

And she's like, I need help stacking the chips. And they were like, fuck you. We're not going to help you stack your chips you just took from us.

And like the pit boss comes over the shit they're helping. And then Mr. Peace goes, she's single-handedly going to close the wage gap.

I thought it was so funny. Yeah, they're just trolls. And it's just amazing.

It was amazing. And I just thought that was a great idea, by the way. I like a, like a high stakes poker game amongst personalities.

In any niche, I actually think that's a good marketing idea. This one streamer who we're talking about, what's his name? XQC in this case.

How much money does he make? He probably makes between, I want to say $3 to $10 million a year. No way.

Really? Yeah. Probably $5 to $10 is the easy estimate.

$10 is not even the upper bound. Like they, these guys can make much more than that. Maybe up to $20, $25 million if they are maxing out their stuff.

But they don't always want to do that. Like I taught, because I used to negotiate with these guys. So, you know, even before Twitch, like when I was just trying to get them to promote our products.

And it's like, all right, I'm going to talk to, I want to talk to the streamer. It's like, no, you don't get to talk to the streamer. You talk to the manager.

Okay, fair. That's fine. They're stars.

I get it. All right. Who's the manager?

Is it like, you know, CAA or like WME? And like for 95% of them, it's like. Oh, it's like his little brother, Ray Ray.

Yeah, exactly. It was his girlfriend or like, you know, exactly. It's Ray Ray or like, oh, hey, Jenny, you know, so how long you guys been working together?

Like, well, we've moved in together like when we were 16 and then like he didn't do anything for five years, just played video games all the time. And like now he's rich. And so I quit my job to like check his email because they'll be, they'll be like, yeah, we do like brand deals.

I'm like, cool. So like, do you have like a deck you guys can share about like, you know, his stats? They're like, no, you could just like go on and see how many people watch them.

It's like a lot. And then it's like, it's like, so like you have this deal with like Red Bull or like Logitech. Like surely you have like a brand deck.

And like, you know, when you pitch them, like we don't pitch anybody. Like, like basically, you know, as I got to know people, it's like they just get inbound into their email and then they just ignore 95% of it, even though it's people literally throwing them like, like people can get paid like the small, even like, like less high profile. Like Ninja is a different tier, right?

Ninja does have a proper manager. And like actually his girlfriend, I think is his manager now or his wife. But like he had a proper agency behind him and they pitched Red Bull and all this stuff.

But like most streamers, somebody will approach and be like, hey, I'll pay you $2,000 an hour to play my game today. And they're like, nah, that game looks boring. I'm not going to do it.

Right. Because like they don't want to lose their audience or like piss off their audience too much or be seen as selling out. And so they turned down so many opportunities that they could have because they don't want to be seen as a sellout, nor do they want to like bother with anything.

It's like, dude, by the time I'm done streaming for 10 hours, like imagine doing this podcast 10 hours a day or eight hours a day. You have zero energy left to like do anything else. And so you just like, you don't want to even think about it.

So, and do a lot of them have any expenses? So are they just paying taxes and rent and they're just stacking cash? Yeah, that's exactly it.

Some of these streamers, I mean, they could be worth 30 or $40 million liquid. Yeah. That's crazy, isn't it?

Yeah. Like Ninja got paid, you know, I can't say the number, but stupid money to go stream on Mixer like a competitor to Twitch. I think it got leaked.

I think the number got leaked because something happened. Yeah, maybe. I'm not sure.

I think Twitch got hacked and like all the spreadsheet got out. Remember what I'm talking about? Well, that's the, that's pretty visible anyways.

That's, that's just what they earn directly. So basically like the fans subscribe $5 a month or $6 a month or whatever to the channel in order to like kind of just like show their support and get like special emojis that they get to use. And sometimes the streamer could turn it on where subscriber only chat.

But, but for the most part, like they get donations that, that most people can't see how much donations they get. Then they get subscribers directly. That's a monthly recurring subscription.

Then there's brand deals and sponsors that didn't show up in the Twitch thing. Cause that goes direct. And it's like, they just pay the streamer directly.

It's not part of Twitch. And so there's like other, uh, and then, you know, games come to them and pay them. Hey, we're doing a brand launch.

We want all 10 of the big streamers all playing Valorant today and they'll drop, you know, $5 million on that campaign. Cause they know that if they do that, they become the it game and millions of people will get to see their favorite streamer playing the game and saying how awesome it is or whatever, showing it off. And so it's worth it to them because they're going to make way more than that.

Have you seen intro.com? Have you ever been to intro.com? Yeah.

I looked at investing in it, uh, but I decided not to. So I talked to the guy who started it. Like I went to a, I went to like a car racing class and he like a friend of a friend brought him and I got to hang out with him.

He's a cool guy. And he was like, Hey, just sign up for intro.com. And basically what you do is you just like put that you're available a certain hours, amount of a certain hours a week.

And someone will pay you like $2,000 an hour in 15 minute increments to talk to you. And I was like, I don't know, man, I feel kind of sleazy doing that. And he was like, well, just try it.

And I was like, okay, well, you know, you seem nice, whatever. I'll kind of do it just to like geek out and try this new product. And I signed up for it and I've been getting bookings like crazy.

And between I'm at the phase now a little bit where, you know, it's coming up on this July will be a year and a half since the acquisition. It's like, all right. Who's counting?

Yeah. Hey, sir. That's fucked up.

How many years you've been married? I have no idea. How many years you've been at a whole lot?

Year and a half, 16 months. 16.5. It's like, well, which time zone are we thinking here?

Because I can tell you. So it's coming up to that time and I'm like, all right, do I like start a new company? What am I going to do?

What should I be doing? And I signed up to intro and we're doing this. And I got that little copy of that thing.

And I got like this Airbnb and I'm like, well, besides like the fact that like I could live off interest, like off my nut, I'm like, that's kind of cool. Like there's all this income coming in. There's so much.

And I'm not trying to like, I'm trying to do this like brag shit, but I'm saying like for a creator that has a mildly big audience, there are so many ways to make money. It's pretty astounding. And we're not even that, I mean, we're just like semi-popular in a relatively small niche.

So like, let alone if you're like these Twitch guys and you're actually really popular. But it's pretty astounding how many like revenue streams are available to us just because of all these, this like we're all these creator type tool things. Totally.

Like I saw some guy tweeted today. He goes, bro, at Elon Musk, give me my blue check back. And it had like 80,000 likes.

I was like, who is this guy? He's like a, he's a soccer player at like Man City or something like that. And I was like, and he's got like millions of followers.

I was like, wow. You know, like, it's like, there's so many levels of fame. Like that guy's not famous at all compared to like, you know, Justin Bieber or whatever.

And Justin Bieber is not famous compared to whoever. But like, you know, down, if you go 20 runs down the ladder, it's like, we're like moderately known in a tiny niche. And then I sent you that link of that.

Those guys who discuss like, I don't know, like bodybuilders or something like that. Are they discussing like working out or something like that? They had like a sick podcasting set up.

Oh, yeah, I was on their podcast. They're awesome. What?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was on their podcast a couple of years ago. The Mind Body.

Wow. Is it Mind Body Pump or just Mind Body? That's the ultimate resume for your for your fitness influencer career.

I did it. I was looking at the YouTube. Yeah, they're like, I think that video had like, I don't know, I want to say 80,000 views or 150,000 views or something like that, which is not like you hear bigger numbers, but that's big.

That's like we get less than that on our YouTube. And I feel like we're big. Now, they're big and they're in just like another niche, but their niche lets them do a lot more because more broad appeal.

Like there's a bunch of dudes out there who want to be like more muscular, like people want to lose weight. And so, you know, they can flip on one, you know, white labeled supplement or course or whatever the heck they want. And, you know, that that type of following can print.

I don't know, again, five to ten million dollars a year for sure. Profitably, you know, without like the stress of being an entrepreneur trying to invent a new product and go to a new niche. And then it also has a bunch of downsides, right?

Like the guys streaming 10 hours a day for seven years straight. Like the biggest problem with content is you're usually on a treadmill and like you feel like you can't get off. Like Twitch streamers have this all the time where they feel burnt out because they're just like they feel like if they stop, they'll lose everything.

And it's true. If they stop, they actually do lose quite a bit of like, you know, like sway with not only, you know, their subscribers, but the algorithm and things like that. So, you know, I think that's the downside of these models.

You have to build a business that's beyond that. So those guys, the what's it called? The I listen to it all the time.

I'm totally blank. It's mind, body, pump. Is that what it's with Sal and Adam?

It's like they're based out of Sacramento. So they they just bought a bunch of Airbnb or they bought a bunch of properties and they're turning them into fitness Airbnbs. And so that's like a good example that will it will it'll extend beyond them.

But yeah, I mean, like, what do you do? Like, have there been any examples? I think, you know, Jenna Marbles is.

Yeah. So she's like she was got popular in my mind when she was on Barstool and then she bailed and went to YouTube and became like one of the biggest YouTubers of all time. I'm pretty sure that she like got her cash and got her money.

And I don't even think she posts anymore, even though she has many, many tens of millions of subscribers. How many? My Internet's slow, so I can't even pull it up.

How many subscribers? She's got a ton on YouTube. I think it's like 50 or 60 million.

She was one of the first people to get popular. I feel like she got popular. Like, I want to even say before YouTube, she got 19 million subscribers.

She's been on for 10 years. When was the last video? I have no idea.

Is she still posting regularly? No, I don't think she posts regularly. But she has a brand of dog toys called Kermie and Worm and Mr.

Marbles. So she was one of, she's had 20, if you said she has 20 million or 18 million, she's had that forever. And I'm pretty sure she's just like made her money and bailed and just left.

Yeah. Like her last video was one year ago. It was Casey Neistat did that too, right?

Because he was vlogging every day and then he got paid and he just says, I'm out. Yeah. It's the way to go.

So I think if you're on that intense of a treadmill, it's pretty tough if you can't like, you know, get your way out of it. By the way, there's a guy who tweeted at us. He's like, I think he listens to the podcast.

I'm going to find his like exact details later because it's hard to, because Twitter DM search is like impossible. But basically there's a guy who's just buying up YouTube channels that are non-faced, non-faced YouTube channels. So just they're branded as something else.

Um, so there's no Jenna marbles. There's no personality to it. And, uh, he buys these up for, you know, he basically, you know, he's just looking at their YouTube, like, uh, is looking at their YouTube, like, you know, revenues or whatever.

And he's like, cool, I'll make you this offer so I can, uh, I can buy this thing out for this much or whatever. And, uh, and it's like interesting. I hadn't really heard of somebody rolling up YouTube channels like that, but I think that's a pretty cool niche.

I think that would be a good idea. I think if you did it with a face, it'd be a horrible idea. Cause I imagine that if you could make a list of people who you'd like to have work for you, a YouTuber would be incredibly low on that list.

Well, yeah. Right. It's hard to buy them out.

Right. Because they, you know, they no longer have the motivation to, uh, to create content and then you're stuck. Cause you can't just be like, Hey, it's me now.

I'm here. Yeah. It's me.

I'm here. All right. What else do we want to do?

Uh, let's do, uh, one other random one, dude. So have you ever filed for a trademark, uh, yourself? It's kind of a pain in the butt in it.

I think I had a lawyer do it. Yeah. But I like went to, I tried originally like bootstrapping it and just like do it on my own.

I didn't know how to do it. So I get this, I get this letter. So this letter comes in the mail, uh, six months after we file.

It's from this company called, I don't know if you see this WTP. I'm like, Oh, maybe it's about, it's about our, yeah, sounds legit. Uh, and it says at the top trademark publications and it's got our company name, our address.

And it says reference number, blah, blah, blah, application date, blah, blah, blah, classes, blah, blah, blah. And then it has a giant thing of our trademark. And it says, here's your fee for $1,420.

Please pay the amount on acceptance for the fee. So this letter comes in the mail. It says, oh, I'm going to be a scam.

I'm going to be a scam. I'm going to be a scam. I'm like, oh, cool.

But I thought I, um, pretty sure I already paid for the trademark. So who is this? And what's this for?

And then here's what it says in the, like, look at this, uh, five print here in the bottom. Yeah. In the bottom box here.

So like, you see this like size three print. Uh, so here's what this says. Dear madam or sir.

Oh, now you're sounding like my uncle in India. Writing an email to me. Dude.

Anytime I get a dear, sir. I know it's, I know it's not good. Yeah.

A dear, sir. And, uh, I buying. Dear sucker.

Um, all right. So it says the publication of your public registration is the publication of your public registration of your public registration of your trademark is the basis of our offer. What does that mean?

All they're going to do is just publicize that we are have made a trademark. That's what they're charging me for $1,400. Or do they work for the trademark office?

No, it says. So here, here's what it says. Um, uh, this is an offer for free entry in Toronto.

I'm going to take a lot of the work. It's an offer for free entry in Toronto. That's an offer for free entry.

And I'm going to take a lot of the plan for the trademark, right? So, you know, I'm going to take a lot of the work. I'm going to take a lot of the work.

I'm going to take a lot of my business. I'm going to take a lot of the work. Okay.

me for $1,400 for do they work for the trademark office no it says so here's what it says um this is an offer for free entry into our database www.wptwtp-register.com this is not an invoice you are not required to pay the above amount unless you accept this offer all of the details in our general terms and conditions right it's like what a scam and you know all they do is they just monitor every trademark filing which is like yeah gotta be you know i don't know whatever tens of thousands a year and then they just send this letter out and they're just fishing for a sucker they're fishing dude it's just like one sir out there the the car the one sir yeah sir short for sucker they're just looking for uh have you seen the car warranty or home warranty no is it the same it's the same thing have you ever met anyone who runs one of these scams no if i did i'd give him a strong talking to it would be really fun to like just like uh have you seen on uh on the office they go uh michael scott has to ask the question but he can't sound mean and instead of saying how do you sleep at night he just says how do you sleep at night that's just like that and that's like what i like it's like when like the bosses are around but toby's leaving and then he's got to change his question to like where do you get off who do you think you are that's like the type of questions i want to ask these people what do you like what do you how do you go to bed at night knowing that you're just uh that's the question to you wtp how do you sleep at night yeah that's what we want to know here at my first how do you sleep at night that's amazing all right we can wrap it up there i had a bunch of ideas we didn't talk about any of what do you think everyone but that's okay we'll do it next part you