have to buy 100 hours of his time at $250 an hour. So what does that mean? I want to get your opinion on this.

Just give me a dumb or awesome. The website's called humanipo.app. These guys are doing a very fancy branding around an old idea.

So what it does is I can go do a human IPO. So I'm Sean. I go public.

I get a stock ticker, which is like S-H-A or whatever. And I basically IPO off a share of my time. So I can auction off up to 500 hours of my time that you can book from me at a certain price.

And then if people think, hey, this Sean guy, he's on the way up. His time is going to be more valuable in the future. I'm going to buy a unit of this guy's time.

I can either hold it and trade it later at a higher price, or I can, I can, I guess, use it to like book an hour of my time. So this is the core idea. I'm on the website now.

It's incredibly interesting. Tell me what you think of it. For sure, interesting.

For sure, innovative and wild. And whoever invented this is a nerd. And I fucking love those types of people.

Logistically, I just don't think it makes sense because, well, so I can buy Brian's time. Well, so if it was, I'm looking at their site now. I don't understand why they call it like, they're really just rebranding just like expert networks and consulting.

Like, it's just like, dude, just let me have your time for it. So I think clarity FM. It's the same thing.

Definitely cool. Highly unlikely to work. Right.

That's what I think. I think this is like an art project. That's neat.

This is, I don't know. How did you find this? I saw it on, I think, Product Hunt.

And I was like, yeah, I've been following. I think I talked about this on one of the previous things. I've been following these personal ICOs, personal coins that people are creating in the crypto world.

This is not crypto, but it's the same idea. And I think it sort of has the same pros and cons. I think it's like kind of exciting in a way to like bet on people.

And I think it's kind of lame in a way, which is like, what do I get? I get an hour of their time. No.

On this, you have like this guy I just clicked on. You have to buy a hundred hours of his time at $250 an hour. So what does that mean?

Is that, wait, is it 25 grand or 250 grand? I didn't hear exactly what you said, but. You have to buy a hundred hours from him at $250.

So that's 25 grand. Yeah, 25 grand. Yeah.

So, but like, I don't think, like if I was this guy and I just sold a hundred hours of my time, I have a feeling that I would bail on a lot of that. Yeah. So one, one piece is, are you actually going to fulfill?

The second is, so what am I doing? It's actually basically like a freelancer selling blocks of design time or programming time or consulting hours or whatever it is. Okay.

That's cool. Maybe for really special, unique people that, that works. I don't think this is that interesting overall.

The ones I think are more interesting are the ones where you actually get a piece of their earnings over the next X years. Um, so it's never do that in a million years. I know, but some people would, some people would say, cool, I'll take, you know, it's like people who raise money for their company, right?

They're selling off future earnings, uh, for capital today. And some people might want, instead of doing it for your company, you might do it for yourself. Um, so I think it's interesting.

I want to see somebody like, I'm going to sign up for this. I'm going to, I'm going to, I want to, but do you know these guys? Can you introduce me?

Can I be one of these people that they, that can I sell a hundred hours? It seems, it does seem interesting. I'm just, just from like a, like an, like a innovation perspective.

Like it's just so weird and interesting. I would love to, I would love to try this. Bye.