last I checked, it was like a massively successful company. And I was like, how are you getting all this private company data? He's like, Oh, it's just like, you know, that in Australia and many of the countries in Europe, if you're a privately held company, that's above like 40 million in revenue.

I think you have to submit an annual report. Yes. I didn't know that I've went to the Australia's version and the British, the Australia version that costs $5 per report.

Uh, it's called companies house for Britain. It's completely free. I just like looked up all these cool companies and you can see how much like dividends they make.

Right. My friend started this in, in, in great Britain, also called due diligence. This is called due deal is his, uh, company.

And I think it's like a massively last I checked, it was like a massively successful company. And I was like, how are you getting all this private company data? He's like, Oh, it's just like, you have to make it available here.

So what we do is we just aggregate it, present it, make it searchable. And I was like, Oh my God, like, you know, Jesus, you know, Hey, I wish that existed in the U S and B what a simple, beautiful business to do. Oh, I'm looking at the amazing.

Did you find anything interesting from these or did you just want to shout them out as cool tool? So what was the one I'm going to check out the Australian one? It was what house company house?

That's Britain. It's free. Um, I don't know what it was.

It was just easy to use. Like, am I, no, it's not a company's house is easy to use. The Australian one is not easy.

It was called the Australian, uh, A S I C Australian securities and investment commission. I guess that's their equivalent of the sec. Right.

And it costs money. So I looked up a research business that was similar to mine and I was curious to see what the founder just pays himself $10 million a year. And, um, it's in there, I just looked at the financials.

It was pretty big. It's called, you probably know this, it this world. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. It was world.

Uh, I didn't realize that's how big it was. Um, a hundred million. So, you know, 20 million idea is, and these might, these might exist already, but you can build a layer on top of these just to make them more user friendly, searchable, um, sort of easy to use, clean up the data in some way.

And those can be pretty, pretty awesome businesses. Import genius is a great example of this, um, you know, publicly available customs data that they make, uh, uh, and it's not even that easy to use, but they make an interface that makes it very sort of simple and easy to find the data that you're looking for. And so, um, you know, if there's some entrepreneur in Australia who wants to take ASIC and make it more of a consumer facing website or, um, maybe that exists, but that would be a cool opportunity.

And I would say, you're a good way to buy a job, but that's what it would be a, one of those, the, the 어머nerриз 하나 in Australia. Do you remember aично cách Beck called slam game Ya-Zed, issuecard? Do you remember home cubélioration with tennis in Australia?

Do you remember when I'm Hannah? Do you remember the Judas oradianскую startup? I saw $1,270 gig holders come in, sobre Hope.

But why did razus Schulen don't Treaty Becky have any sort of steal some UK? They remember that? Not until you let it be.

And then you see me somewhere. And people have never been 18. The frustrations die channels