What else could be kind of a status symbol? I think I have a couple. Yeah, I think like the splitting time thing between cities.

It's still expensive. Living in one place. It's still expensive, but it's not prohibitively expensive.

So like I think that that's going to be far more common. I'm doing it now. And I realize I'm like in a fortunate situation, but I think that it's far more accommodating than ever before.

So I think that like that part-time living and splitting time between cities is going to be quite common. I don't know. What else?

Yeah, I think that's actually a great one. It's sort of like if you look at what do our what do our rich friends do now that's not common? And then that's just going to become like like more people are going to do that thing.

So like, you know, like you're talking about having a few either Airbnbs or like having three homes and just shift like throughout the year, just shifting based on where you want to be in whatever season you want to be in and not having like a hometown. Dude, here's more of a thing. Here's one.

And you're getting into it now. I've been into it for a minute as well, which is did you see? So I do.

Well, kind of. I tweeted out asking people to see to say like what would like so I'm building this house and I'm like, how would you optimize it for longevity, health and fitness? And I got so many amazing replies and the most consistent one was cold plunge and sauna.

So many people are interested in that. And I think that that's a much bigger trend than I ever thought. So I think having home saunas and home cold tubs, that is something that's going to be that's I think we're still in the early stages of that.

I never would have thought that that was going to be a thing. Yeah, that's the I just bought us on it, by the way, like two days ago. I know I saw you.

What's his name? Andrew said, like, don't do infrared. And you're like, but I bought it in for it.

Is that so OK? Yeah. By the way, there's a sick company.

So check this out. Is it David? David's company.

Florence. Have you seen this? This guy just DM'd me who I'm friends with.

He spoke at HustleCon. He goes, hey, I just met with Sean about my sauna business. And he said this guy.

Yeah. And he said that you also like this type of stuff. Have you did you go look at it?

Did you see it? That's sick. He just he DM'd me a video.

You want to explain what it was? So basically, how do you spell it? So there's two that got that got that got kind of like highlighted here.

Where are you at? The URL is we are Florence. How do you spell Florence?

Florence. F-L-O-R-E-N-S. F-L-O-R-E-N-S.

OK. OK. So basically, we are Florence.

So basically, what he's done is he's built a custom kind of like new version of in-home sauna. It plugs into a normal outlet, which when I was looking up saunas, that was like one big thing. It's like you have to I don't want to have to get an electrician out here to handle the power of the sauna.

It's like small enough where it fits in. It's like a great like it's like made for like one person. It could fit easily.

Then there's a super nice like super clean design. So like most saunas kind of look like this kind of same cabin looking feel. This looks like it fits in like a modern home.

It's like very slick looking. And so he's building this thing and he showed me one. He's got it.

I'm going to go visit him. He's got one down here not too far from where I live. That's in the Presidio.

So then there's one of the Presidio called Ancient Ritual. Have you seen this one? That's the one I saw.

Ancient Ritual. So there's two. So Ancient Ritual is the other one that people are kind of hyping up.

And I think that one is like almost like Peloton for a sauna. So you get in. Normally when you get into a sauna, you're like on your own.

It's like, dude, here, go sit in this hot box and like think or, you know, talk to the naked guy next to you. Like, I don't know, like do whatever you want to do. I think what I don't know exactly what Ancient Ritual is doing, but I think what they're doing is it's sort of like a guided meditation.

They have sounds. They have sense. They have like, they'll talk you through like what to, what to like.

It's like, it's like Calm or like Headspace like meets a sauna. That's my like prediction. They're a little bit, they're very stealthy.

There's like nothing on the website, but that's my understanding of it just from figuring it out. Dude, the Florence thing is amazing. Yeah.

So I'm really excited about both of these. I don't think either of these is like, you know, mega huge business, but I think it's, I think it could definitely be a really healthy business. Um, and it might be one of those that surprises you.

Maybe there's bigger demand. Maybe this is, maybe this ends up like pools, right? Like I think, um, our, our buddies are in the, they bought a pool construction company who was telling me something like, you know, um, like some absurd percentage of homes, like, uh, 50% of homes or whatever in, in areas that can host a pool, like we'll get a pool in the suburbs.

And, um, and it's like, uh, it's, or it's, that's not the exact percentage, but it's like, it's a $50,000 average ticket. Um, it's the number one, like kind of like optional upgrade to a house that, that happens. And, um, and so, you know, those companies are doing really well pool construction companies.

And so maybe if you fast forward 10 years down the road, sauna and cold plunge is going to be as common as swimming pool is in America. Like I could, I could see a world where that's the case. I definitely could too.

So, um, I'll have to remember exactly what these, the, the, the study says, but there's a, there was a very reputable and famous study and it said two interesting things. The first thing that it said was if you sauna for two 20 minute sessions a week, it decreases the likelihood of cardiovascular disease by something like 30 or 40%, a massive number. Then it said, if you sauna for three 20 minute sessions a week, it's going to decrease it by like 60%.

Like it's like the, the numbers are like astronomical just from two to three, let alone zero to two. And so sauna is like, uh, I, I, the, what, the way it works is basically like when your body heats up that much, um, I guess it stresses it and that's, that's a really healthy and good stress. And, uh, anyway, it's pretty sick.

I'm all about that.