and his verification is for a hundred million dollars liquid plus and so the guy has over a hundred million dollars and he did it all through two or three of these apps and i believe with close to no employees and he did it over around like eight or ten years what up what up they told us to do uh intros now of the podcast so this is my first million the podcast where uh we tell you 100 good ideas half are good half are bad but it's on you to figure out which ones this is my first million where i make fun of sam about how he talks he makes fun of me about how i look and in between we squeeze in a few business ideas let's see what else what else we got for him and supposedly uh we're supposed to be successful people so it's like the reviews people say they say it's kind of like we're just sitting at a bar with a bunch of our successful friends dare i say i hate this word right multi-millionaire friends and just hear what they talk about but that uh just a couple of deca millionaires hanging out on the pod dude um yeah how are we supposed to brag about that you know what i learned from from my last successful venture i now take those learnings to the podcast can i just say that regardless of the deca millionaire nonsense i did something a few weeks ago that i think was amazing i bought a 60 tattoo gun on amazon and i let my wife give me a hand tattoo instead of wearing a wedding ring oh wow totally worth it uh uh let me be the judge can you bring that a little closer here what is what is it it's just an x can you see is it right like and that's not focusing okay it's an x like you know it's an infected x but it's an x you know like where where something was there then it's like dead and now you've like put an x there that's kind of the vibe you're going for or what yeah or like you know triple x on like a moonshine whiskey jug yeah something like that and she wanted to do this or you want to do this she seems more sensible than you so i don't know yeah of course she didn't want to do it i just said sarah i bought this tattoo go i'd sit down right now or otherwise i'm just going to do it myself ah okay threats and i handed her an orange and threats yeah like it literally i set it up and within two minutes it was done i handed her an orange i go right next on that orange great i'll do that on my fist people always ask us what's the secret to being a deca millionaire and we tell them it's threats you've got to threaten your your business partners your marital partners you've got to threaten all your partners actually sam you you you kind of do use this sort of like i wouldn't call it threat but as they say it's always sunny um it's the implication of danger yeah i feel like you you do use this the the implication of things going wrong am i am i right about that what's an example in your management style like you know uh you're trying to get the team motivated you have two paths you could go down you could you could start with why and tell them why you're so excited about this why this is good for them or you could just hit them with a with a solid threat with the implication of things not going so well if we don't do x which way do you go i like the second one i'm more of a guy who will do like if if i can all right tell me how you are if you can make a million dollars or not lose a million dollars which one are you more motivated to do for me not lose a million dollars and i think for you the same same absolutely save it's not to do something so i love setting my life up and i do this all the time with like my wife and stuff i'd be like oh shit like i already booked it like we already we got to do this thing or uh you know i always set stuff up that if i don't do it there's consequences that's the way to live man and i used to do it with my employees all the time and you know what they always said they hated it and then whenever they leave and quit uh eventually they'll say something like yeah but i did so much cool and we actually got a lot of stuff done so i think people actually like it right yeah they tell their therapist as they to spend years recovering from you yeah i guess so dude can we do you have a bunch of topics i got a few yeah i got a couple too can i start on one that like i think it's blowing my mind and i so yeah basically yesterday i went on a long walk i did i went on like a 10 mile walk you ever go on a long walk i go on a walk i got a dog yeah yeah i just went on a really long walk and i went and walked around all these fancy neighborhoods in brooklyn and i started you know i do what what people do i pull up zillow as i'm walking and i'm like you know i wonder what it's like to live here and the houses that i like what i usually will do is i see a house and i go oh i would like to live there and i pull it up and it's eight million dollars and eight million dollars that's one number but then you actually look at how much money you need to come up on at closing and then you look at how much money you need to spend each and every month on the mortgage and on your interest and on maintenance and things like that and i started thinking i think i'm gonna live over here in brooklyn and i wanted to like map out how much money i would expect i would spend to live the lifestyle i want to spend and it is astronomical and i wanted to talk about some some of those expenses you want to talk about some how much walk me through it okay so listen to this first of all i'm going to talk about the life that i'm going to live when i move to brooklyn and all the listeners there's going to be a bunch of them that's going to say oh sam no one needs an eight million dollar house yeah i get it you know like all i need is like a bucket of water and like some apples and like a pair of crocs and i'm happy but this is the life that i choose to live so like i get it no one needs this but i'm picking this so get off my back on this hypothetical case that might be a reality in two years so i just got to get that out of the way but in terms of hypotheticals it's not entirely hypothetical because i went and talked to a couple friends who do this but listen to this so i found a home that i wanted to buy and i actually linked to it on the the mbd master doc okay so it's a street easy it's on street easy it's a nice house okay it's only 3 000 square feet though but it's a brownstone in my favorite neighborhood of cobble hill it's five million dollars i actually think the range of things i want are between five and eight but this one i just found it was available it's five million dollars which basically means i got to come up with 1.1 million dollars as my down payment and then i'm going to spend around 20 000 a month in mortgage and interest and and things like that not including maintenance which is going to be more expensive it's going to be probably another two or three thousand dollars a month then i think it would probably cost on the low end 50 000 on the middle only end of like 150 000 to furnish it the way i'd like to furnish it right have you ever furnished a house yeah yeah it depends if you go like right like my wife she's like oh yeah i'm like what do you like she's like restoration hardware i'm like ah geez like you know every item in the store is like four grand thousand to ten thousand dollars and so you know you just add that up per room you're putting in like 20 to 25 grand worth of stuff per per room uh in the house which is pretty nuts yeah totally so like 150k is that's just kind of what it would cost if you want to go that route if you want to go west them west down then yeah you're you can maybe get it done for 175 000 but it's quite expensive then if i'm gonna get this fat house i'm getting it because i have two kids or a couple kids so i need my forty thousand dollar fifty thousand dollar a year nanny i imagine i would spend around thirty thousand dollars a year in food and so basically it comes up to where i think i'm spending 600 to 700 thousand dollars a year to live the life i want to live in brooklyn but here's the kicker if you're making over a million dollars a year in brooklyn or or for sure in manhattan it's even more than this half your money goes away to taxes so basically if i'm spending around 600 000 a year i need to make 1.2 million dollars just to cover my my monthly break even just to break even and if i if it's and and i i talked to two friends one friend who lives in brooklyn he told me that he spends around 500 000 a year and then another friend that also lives nearby and he told me he spends 800 000 a year and he spent me he sent me his uh list but he goes i have an uh an additional house in north uh rhode island but if you take that uh vacation home we are spending around 650 000 a year so to to live like this it's crazy and when you go and walk on these streets you know there's a house every block if you go in manhattan there's this fancy apartment every block how on earth do you think people so many people afford this it's crazy like when you actually think about the logistics right well well a lot of the people who own these homes they own them before they were worth five million dollars so go look at the you know the zillow history of this thing 10 years ago what was this home worth you know i'm guessing it's less than you know less than half this maybe 35 of this price 10 years ago 30 and so you're what you're talking about here is like you know a home that what that they bought in their basis is a million million and a half dollars something like that instead of five so now the monthly payment is less and now the property taxes are less and so you know you cut out your biggest expense in this case you you trim that down so i think that's that's the answer for how a lot of people have this is inheritance or um or buying in you know 20 years ago 15 years ago when these were worth a fraction of what they're worth today and so that's why they can afford to kind of live above their weight well so i had four takeaways when i started thinking about this the first was that there's a story behind everything so all these people like a simpleton like me is like oh you just got to earn this much money and they did it by starting a business it's like no that's not the reality and zach crockett who works at the hustle he basically we were talking about this and he was going to write a story on this and he said that he researched a bunch of these homes and what he did was he uh uh for all the five million dollar brown over a bunch of five million dollar brown suits in nyc he used a tool called melissa and he looked up the property records then he googled the names uh of each person who quote owned it and then he like looked at their family records which he just did this all they're just sleuthing and like look at their stuff and he found out that a bunch of them like seven out of ten of them were like teachers or artists or or or a professor things that you basically like you could earn a bunch of money but you're not earning enough money to buy this home and what he surmised and came to the conclusion was like they just get a lot of help and so like it's hard to own a five million dollar brownstone when you're a reporter at the new york post or something like you know 120 000 a year job so i think there's a story behind everything the second thing is i think you just have to earn a lot of money dude listen to this if you earn uh one hang on hang on that was a killer insight what you gotta earn a lot of money yeah where did you come over that you gotta earn a lot of money but listen let's let's put the math on this how many how many years do you think you need to uh how long will it take you to save 10 million dollars if you lived in new york to save 10 million dollars yeah to get a portfolio of 10 million dollars i have no idea i don't know let's say 20 years okay so if you make 1.5 million dollars and you're spending around 25 000 a month in living expenses it's going to take you around 15 years to be able to save 10 million dollars which is pretty crazy now you've got to figure out how to earn at least a million and a half for 10 years or for 13 years which is like that in itself is impossible or not impossible very very very challenging and so hold on your first your first thing was like these people are teachers and artists you said they got to have some help you're talking about like family help you're not talking about like there's nothing else right you're saying you have rich family yeah okay all right so i think i think that i think just having a like i underestimated that when i think about this i'm like whose parents would give them two million dollars for a down payment on a home and i think the answer to that is actually a lot i can't i i can't imagine that but the like that that was hard for me to because you know i don't fucking know that my mom and dad like the best gift they ever gave me was when i turned 21 they gave me a thousand dollars and that was like the last birthday present i ever got i don't even think it's a down payment because okay you're a teacher great your down payment is covered where are you coming up with 25k a month of your monthly monthly payment just for your home like i think they get it you get i think they're this is this is an all cash here's your house free and clear you get to live here and you cover your life expenses if you're paying for a latte that's you but uh i'll buy you this brownstone i think that's got to be what it is i think that's that that has to be what it is or the second thing is you got to earn a lot the third thing is i think you gotta i want how many of them do you think sell a business i think earning a lot like a big nut of 10 20 million dollars it seems like impossible to do without selling an asset you got to be in finance law um maybe medicine or consulting to be pulling in a million dollars a year of income i don't think there are many other jobs that do that we're not talking about athletes entertainers because it's just a small such a small portion of the population but of jobs that a normal person can get that's going to make you a million to two million dollars a year i'm pretty sure you got to be either a banker or banker or consultant if you're employed or you got to be self-employed as a doctor or a lawyer or something like that to be able to pull that in so that's like am i missing one that's like those are yeah those are non-entrepreneurial jobs like the other way and then you could start your own business yeah yeah yeah exactly you own a small business you own a big business you um you know you own a contracting firm you do construction around the city whatever it is those are the other way where you can do this and that's usually you're not earning some steady 1.5 million per year you're earning like nothing nothing nothing a lot a lot a lot huge and then back to nothing you know like that sort of thing it's this it's this lumpy curve that an entrepreneur has where you're basically broke till you're very unbroke um so yeah but okay uh yeah what else you got to say about this and my third and final takeaway here is basically there's so much out there there's so much money out there there is so much opportunity you walk by all these places and again ben's laughing at me this is obvious but when you see it in real life i walked down the street and i'm like oh that apartment that costs 12 000 a month to rent in that top floor of that brown store stone and there's three of those in there so like there's three people each paying 12 000 and they're just like home home home home home home home it's astronomical there's just so much money out there to be made it's just so much opportunity so anyway i did this three hour walk yesterday and i just i felt enlightened and i just wanted to come to the table and and fill you in on that nothing nothing nothing um spectacular well that's why uh i'm glad you started the show with something unspectacular uh that that's why you know these tick tocks that are like they stop somebody in a fancy car or fancy house and they go hey i just want to know what do you do for a living and the guy's like um and they're like you know first of all like is this like a trap are you like an irs agent what is this and they're like uh i paint houses or they'll be like you know i um i work in real estate uh uh you know i work in the financial services industry and it's like oh okay what's going on here but i think the reason those are popular is because wealth for most people is a complete mystery it is a complete black box unless you come from wealth if you come from wealth and you grow up and at your you know you're going to 15th birthday parties where like serena williams is there to play tennis with the other kids you're like what the hell like you know like this is everything is just nice everybody goes we summer in the hamptons you have a place where you summer like summering is a verb uh and then you you know you you know that you're oh my god father you know he's he owns like 44 dental practices and so you if you grow up with wealth usually you wealth doesn't seem like this mysterious unattainable thing you in fact you realize there's like a thousand paths and it's up to you to decide which one you want but for most people wealth is like kind of just this mysterious thing you don't even see how wealthy people live you don't hear like the numbers you talked about i think for a lot of people listening they're gonna be like what in the hell is sam talking about somebody pays 500 000 800 000 a year of just their living expenses like that sounds like the most money you could make let alone spend per year and so when you're talking about spending more than a person's life savings in a year that's i think very foreign to people then you say okay well how do you achieve that and now you have maybe one example two examples you don't have like 25 35 45 examples to choose from and so i think that's why those tick tock channels are popular i think that's why this podcast is popular because you either react to this type of information with one of two reactions bitterness or inspiration for most people it's bitterness you hear about other people's success or their extravagant spending and you get bitter you see the difference between what they do and what you do and you don't focus on the fact that maybe you want to do it instead you focus on the fact that they're wrong evil unnecessary blah blah whatever it is and how you know they only could have got it by by sort of cheating the system or some unfair advantages and you get bitter and that's where i would say 90 of people fall into the bitter camp but some people they hear those stories and they take inspiration and if you take inspiration you start to collect each of these anecdotes you start to collect each of these data points and you say oh i'm taking this foggy map that i have this cloudy map where i couldn't really see and i'm just pushing away the fog i'm getting clarity on wow there's a thousand ways to win and wow winning it can be a lot bigger than i even imagined and once you sort of have that in your head that's when things become a lot easier because you start to notice all around you examples of people building wealth in unique ways and ways that are not always long and hard ways that are not always painful or require genius you'll start to see examples of somebody who does it by you know simply like you know starting a mushroom farm in california and it's like yeah that's what they do or somebody i remember i met a guy who created the tread that goes on treadmills he's like yeah we're tread manufacturer i was like what and he's like and these guys would do like 15 million a year in sales and was he a marketing genius no was he a sales genius no he just simply was like oh there's demand for tread that goes on conveyor belts treadmill how much profit you think i mean i don't know i was like i was like in fifth grade at the time i remember this is my friend's dad and i was like why why is why is jordan so rich and it was like oh jordan's rich because jordan's dad sells treads on treadmill and then we met these other people that are rich and they i was like you know again i wasn't even asking the question but i remember my sister saying something like yeah they have like mushroom farms and i remember being like in my head farmers don't make like tons of money and then i realized pretty quickly oh farmers can make a ton of money and so you know but i was just slowly collecting these antidotes only when i was in my 20s and i was like if i want to know how to get rich then i need to know like a lot more examples of richness and if i want to get rich fast and i need to get examples of people getting rich fast and um and this is actually a good transition we have a friend who is we were just in the group chat uh we have a friend who it seems like might get rich very quickly here and uh let me explain richer they created a product or a service or an app and they every day they're posting a chart of like the growth of this thing and it's like an early version of a hockey stick it's like yep we went from doing 100 a day 500 a day thousand dollars a day today three thousand dollars a day today is going to be nine thousand dollars a day pretty quickly like you know fast forward two weeks this person's going to put a chart in there that's going to show them doing two hundred thousand dollars in revenue just today and it's going to be nothing has changed it's just they just let the growth carry on and you see that you're like wow that's that's winning like that's the hov lane that's the fast lane where you could just go in and you could win faster like geez i didn't realize that i thought i gotta bust my ass for 10 years and the reality is this person has been busting their ass for 10 years building up the skills so that they can launch a new product and they can do let's call it five to ten million this year in in potential profits now this person if you remember uh many months ago they told they told us this exact this exact thing they go yeah i'm just thinking about ideas that can make i forgot what they said 10 or 50 million dollars i want to make 10 million dollars in a year 50 million dollars in a year and i was like okay like you know yeah sure you know and i want jessica alba to you know add me on snapchat right now like but it's not necessarily going to happen like you could just say it but he was like no i've been studying there's apps that do that in the app store and he's like showing us gave me 12 examples yeah yeah just showing a screenshots and examples it's like that does that yeah this does that yeah and now you see 10 of them and all of a sudden first of all i never knew somebody who even stated a goal like that so just hearing it for the first time was like that's interesting i knew people that would say i want to build a huge company a billion dollar company that was normal i'd heard that before i'd heard i want to get a high-paying job you know i want to make you know 500k a year at this company i've heard that before i had never really heard somebody be like i'm looking for a way that i can make 10 million dollars in three months that was actually the exact thing it was how do i make 10 million dollars in three months and so i was like all right well never heard that that was new then i thought well my brain doesn't come up with any examples of how to do that that's like you know doesn't involve you know putting a ski mask on and walking into a wells fargo so like you know and then he gave me 10 examples and so it's like okay well now i got 10 examples number 11 doesn't seem so far-fetched at that point and i remember coming to talking to you and being like dude have you heard anybody think like this talk like this come up with ideas like this because i believe that there's great power in questions and i never really heard somebody ask the question how do i make 10 million dollars in the next three months and once that question was asked now my brain has to start coming up with answers and at first my brain was struggling and then as he gave me examples it started to get better and better and better and come up with examples about how you might do that and now it's literally happening like that right in front of us scenario is actually playing out right in front of us what do you think of this i think it's awesome i think i think it's still too early i think anything that comes fast will go away fast or can go away fast but he called his shot and we are seeing on a daily basis whether it's it's coming it is in fact now coming into reality and i think it's awesome i think that there's ways i think peter teal said where he's like what's your five-year goal and then someone says their goal and he says cool how can you do that in six months so i usually believe in that this guy took it even further which is what's your five-year goal do it in three months and it's awesome and there's another guy who i know that's done this and he's public his name is alan wong do you have the uh the the app on your iphone that lets you listen to police scanners it's like the police scanner app no but i know i know of these apps these are it's like weird yeah it's like five dash zero radio app i think like five oh radio app and this this guy alan wong he posted in reddit in 2013 and he basically said um uh he said hey i'm alan wong i was told to create an am a here i have it up here yeah you want to you want to read it or you have it up here he goes yeah he goes i'm a pr ask me anything i'm a person in his 20s who went from rags to riches during the recession he goes how i did it i develop apps my most popular apps is called the 50 radio police scanner it lets you listen to police chatter around the world you've probably seen this used in the latest spider-man movie although they rebranded it and as of 2012 my apps have been downloaded by 20 million people by the way this is 10 years ago he wrote this so he did this in the 2008 2000 i have an update on it that i can give you in a second so so he goes my parents were raised in the slums of china they fled here with my brother to new york my mother worked in a sweatshop in chinatown before she quit became a homemaker my father was a herbalist before he passed away unnaturally three months after i graduated from college after his passing no one in my family had a job and so he says i found a full-time job at columbia university i was the only one with income so i taught myself how to create apps in my free time and i created apps on the weekends with hopes of making some side income i didn't expect this to make me millions and then he says where does he say his money i don't think he says money somewhere here but uh yeah go ahead fill in the gaps so he doesn't say it there but i found it so there's this other subreddit that i talk about all the time called fat fire and they've got this particular type of flare called verified by the mods where the mods the moderators look at the income or your balance sheet they look at something and they say yeah we believe it what you are saying is true and his verification is for a hundred million dollars liquid plus and so the guy has over a hundred million dollars and he did it all through two or three of these apps and i believe with close to no employees and he did it over around like eight or ten years it's a he by the way he says so he has three apps he has 50 radio then he has police scanner plus and then he has one more called what is it called um hang on he's got three apps that were in the top like the top hundred so so he goes this means i'm the only person ever in app store history this is what he wrote at the time this was back in i don't know 2012 2013 something like that that i'm the only person history to have in the in the app to have three apps in the app store that were top 10 overall in the paid and free categories at the same time yeah man this guy's cool and then he if you google his username it's rego apps so r-e-g-o apps and then fatfire you'll see his post from fatfire and he talks about uh what it's like to be uh different tiers of rich and he has all types of of like you know when i was at this thing this is how i felt when i was at this other thing this is how i felt and now according to his flare it's over 100 million it's a this is so you're asking who else do i know that's done this i don't know this guy and i can't verify that any of this is true but it's pretty interesting and it might be true well yeah and i don't know the speed that this guy did it but um still amazing by the way we should get verified in fatfire why aren't we posting in fatfire that seems like a that's our those are our people we should hang out i do post there i post there under a name that no one knows me as but i would post there more would you post do do uh you use this yeah i'll go browse i never post never comment but i'll i'll make an account and i'll uh let's do it let's get verified let's do an ama there yeah so look this guy's thing says i fat i found his username he goes i fat fired at age 25 i make 10 million dollars a year in my 30s 10 yeah 10 million plus a year in my 30s and i have over 100 million dollars according to which has been verified for the mods and here this is what he says someone says what's the difference in millionaires or in money levels he goes at 100k to a million you can tip very generously and be okay with that at one to five million you can fund some medical expenses and maybe a college college tuition or two maybe for an extended family member or friend at five to twenty you could pay off a handful of college tuition i guess they're asking about donation you can pay off a handful of college tuitions and some expensive surgeries and then he jumps to uh 50 to 50 million you can create several non-profits and overseas that uh that are overseas and help people uh at a community level like building a school or a local community or something so he like talks about this constantly throughout this subreddit and it's very very interesting yeah that's cool i like that uh that's a good story i um i uh i'm gonna have another story to share on this and let's call it 30 days let's say i'm gonna call i'm gonna leave that little seed here 30 days i'll have another interesting story to share on this topic but let's switch to something else million dollars isn't cool you know what's cool a billion dollars let's talk about um this guy scott painter do you know who scott painter is this is my this is my billy of the week this is guy scott painter i don't know if he's a billy but he's got that big billy energy for sure and i'm going to tell you this guy's story and you're going to be you're going to be amazed by this guy all right go for it do you know who i'm talking about do you know if you ever heard this name before no i'm just looking it up now so scott painter is known because he was the ceo of something called true car and so true car is like a super successful um it was like one of the the super successful early uh car companies on the internet so what they were doing was they were publishing price information so that you could go and figure out you know the what the true price of this car is so that um you know if before you would go to a dealership and depending on which dealer you went to and which salesperson you talked to and what how they sort of sized you up as a sucker you would get like a 30 price differential on the price of the same car so you could go to one place in the same exact car they'll they'll charge you um you know 30 more or less depending on uh which place you went so it's a huge spread after true car people could just go figure out well this is the price of this car in 1997 you know mazda miata is supposed with this many miles is supposed to be this price and in every market they would go into the price gaps that that dealers were charging would spread would change from 30 down to like three percent and so they were like helping bringing price transparency but this dude is a crazy story he has built he has basically spent like 20 years just constantly trying to reinvent the auto industry online so this guy did uh i'm just going to read you like his his linkedin so he's um he's the he starts off well he goes to the army first of all and he's a spanish interrogator which is just like a kind of a crazy little path that he took and he talks about like you know why he went there is like you know my you know dad wasn't so cool i needed freedom army was freedom for me so i went to the army and um so anyways he he goes and he becomes vp of marketing at 1-800 car search this early internet we're talking like 1999 basically and so there's 1-800 car search 1-800 dentist he's like the vp marketing for each then he creates like a consult so he's just hopping one year one year after that he creates dental advantage it's like consulting for dentists about how to use the internet then he starts another one called vision incorporated is again 1999 ish and he's like um helping companies transform like for e-commerce like hey companies are going to need to do e-commerce i'm going to help them do this so he he was right he was just way early on on this trend of e-commerce and then he just starts this like crazy run in the car industry so he goes the he's the founder of cars direct they go from zero to 650 million in sales in year one then he goes he started starts advertising.com yeah then he's ceo and founder of true car then he's ceo and founder of price lock which was like uh lock and you're like gas prices then he was the founder then after so he's he does true car he takes it public and he gets on this crazy scenario where he is the uh i think he's the largest individual shareholder he's not only the largest individual shareholder he's buying up a ton of stock he believes in the stock like crazy they have an earnings miss uh like the economy sort of turns car owner people start slow down with their car buying they have a big quarter miss stock drops like crazy he gets margin called because he was buying so much of his own stock and he's basically forced to borrow money from friends to pay off his margin call and he he resigns from the company that same month he basically has to step down as ceo he lost a ton of money on his own stock he he gets a divorce and his literal house burns down and what does he do the following week the following week he incorporates fair.com to a new way to buy cars and this was like basically the idea that like hey car buying is super super complicated you go you buy a car i don't know if you've ever done it but like the process of you have to buy a car you have to qualify for financing like you know 80 of cars are financed in the united states no nobody buys cars all cash here and um and then you have like this complicated like credit check payment thing then you have your your insurance on top you have your title insurance you have to do the right registration you have to do all this different stuff he's like what if instead it was like you know what if buying a car was as simple as like buying a coffee or netflix like subscription so what he would do is you would just put in your phone number it would like find out all your information it would and it would say what car do you want you pick a car it would be like cool that car is 500 a month and you own that car and you could turn it in at any time if you don't want that car so it's like a long-term rentals basically was what fair was doing fair grows like crazy they raise hundreds of millions of dollars because a this guy has got this crazy track record b he's very like kind of charismatic and uh formidable like you see this guy as a founder you're like god i would hate to be competing against this guy in the same market and he thinks very big he's like you know we're going to change the way that car ownership is done we're going to make this faster cheaper whatever softbank piles in 300 million dollars into a series b round and um and they're on their way and fair ends up going up really fast and then crashing really fast because uh the few years ago i don't know if you know about basically yeah as the tech markets like valuations turned softbank was was the big whale in this space started losing money they lost money on we work then they lost money on uh what was the other big one softbank had like i don't know three or four like huge things like uber like they had a bunch of huge things going like the prices crashed from where they had invested and so he couldn't raise any more money and he had built this like very complicated thing they lay off 40 people affair doesn't really work out and now he's back again because i see this thing that says this new startup autonomy has placed 400 million dollars worth of purchase orders to buy 8 000 something teslas this year it's like what who is buying 8 000 teslas who is paying 400 million dollars to buy teslas and it's a startup called autonomy that is trying to make it where you can just rent electric cars simply like you you there's a lot of people that want to own an electric car like a tesla and um they can't afford it it's too expensive all in so here pay this monthly fee and you get to rent a tesla you get to own you basically you get to like have a tesla you're not renting it it's a long-term rental he's back and so they've placed one billion dollars of purchase orders across different electric vehicle manufacturers to do this so he's he's back he must have raised a ton of money again plus like raised a bunch of debt and uh he's back with his new startup drive autonomy and this guy is fascinating i went down a rabbit hole listening to interviews of this guy how did he come on your radar interesting dude because of this autonomy thing i worked backwards from the last thing i told you where i was like but why were you just looking up purchase orders of electric cars i saw a tweet i saw a tweet you know you i follow on twitter like you know elon and a bunch of like these like kind of tesla fanboy and tesla hater accounts like i follow both sides like there's basically a huge group of people that are i should actually say it's a small group of people that believe tesla is a giant fraud and is going to zero they're called tesla q and then there's other people that believe that elon musk is you know the second coming of jesus and i follow both and in the second coming of jesus camp they were like tesla you know the huge you know here's more good news for tesla these guys drive autonomy has placed 400 million dollars of of orders for for teslas because there's so much demand and elon had replied saying um he was like demand has never been the problem it's supply like manufacturing like production of cars is our problem like yeah this is good news but like we don't have a demand problem we have so much demand we have supply problem but i was curious where is this you know half a billion dollars of demand coming from i've never heard of this startup before what do they do and um and that's what what what was he like when you hear him talk is he charismatic he just looks like a a normal charismatic very matter of fact um so he's basically like he's a good storyteller he's quick and to the point he um he reminds me a lot of like you know that other guy we like frank sleutman the guy who runs snowflake who wrote that amazing blog post amp it up which basically describes like you know don't be such a wuss like you know run your company to win and we're here to win and like this is the plan to win and uh that guy's just been like a serial ceo of companies that just grow really fast this guy's like that um so let me tell you some of the kind of like interesting little nuggets that came out of this so i'm just going to keep rambling on this guy so he's basically he's like uh he's like i'm a multi-time college dropout like i have dropped out of college multiple times i dropped out of like my kind of prep college i dropped out of undergrad um and i dropped out of grad school and he's like i basically had a ton of failure do you guys know me because i've tried like 25 things and three have worked and he's like you know but that's entrepreneurship like you know you need three to work out of 25 in a 20-year career and like that's that's like what winning looks like um he's like you know i always loved cars he goes cars are a where am i at in life purchase because i can just look at a look at a car that i own and it would tell me a story about where i was in life you know like you know when i'm graduating from when i'm graduating right i'm coming of age or when i like you know when i moved or when i got it got my first good job or like whatever he's like a car basically marked you know each chapter he's like that's how it is for most people i kind of had that insight which is like a car is like your avatar that you use when you go around the world a car says something about you and uh yeah when you when you go upgrade to the minivan it's because you're going into family mode and like that's what i kind of realized he goes people spend a crazy amount of money on cars because in the interview the guy's like how have you been able to raise so much money he goes well i play in like the biggest market he goes 15 of all people's gross income goes to mobility half in buying their car and half into fuel taxes repairs insurance etc he's like so when you have this thing that makes up 15 of what everybody makes or just put differently like i think it's like a third of your net worth you know if people are spending on new when they buy a new car he's like the tam is just enormous like you know it's like five billion five trillion a year uh goes into cars or something insane like that so he's like you know that's the easy answer to how have i raised so much money i went and played in this big space and then i tried to reinvent it at every every time i would do one i would try to reinvent it so he's like you know we were the first ones to be like we put the upfront price of a car on the internet nobody was doing that at their in the early days i think that's the cars direct is he successful you said that he got marching called does that mean he was broke uh it doesn't necessarily mean he was broke it means he didn't have enough collateral for like what he borrowed for his stock now if the stock recovered which i don't know i haven't looked at true cars true car their market cap is 230. million yeah that's that's yeah it does not look like it is uh done very well since then so uh yeah it's like basically you know a third of where it was back in 2014 so yeah that's that's not doing so well um and he says that in his thing he's like i've he's like i made a bunch and i've lost it all many times over um and so you know i'm sure this guy's done well like i don't think you can build multiple companies that get valued at billions of dollars take a company public i don't think you can do that and like you got a real you got to be like kind of really reckless to walk away with less than you know 20 million at the end of all that dude i love people who but anyways swings even if they miss like consistently or like you know in this guy's case like he didn't entirely miss he did actually build some amazing things but like maybe it was just shy of what it could have been another guy who's doing that right now tell me what you think about him adam newman the founder of wework he just raised 250 million dollars in seed funding for a 1 billion apartment business i don't exactly know what the business does but it sounds like it's we live the thing that we talked about where you you know it's like fancy apartment buildings that are all most of the same you pay a premium because it's all pre-designed and looks really nice and it has a community on it which honestly i think is awesome i also think we work is awesome uh what do you think about a guy like adam newman taking another swing our software is the worst have you heard of hubspot see most crms are a cobbled together mess but hubspot is easy to adopt and actually looks gorgeous i think i love our new crm our software is the best hubspot grow better i think it's great i think it's so easy for people to on him and you people shit on him for two reasons one is well i forget the reason i'll give the explanation the reason is just simply like you know it's fun to hate on somebody you know that you don't know that like well and he's he was too high they they got too big-headed and then they they crashed people like that but i think the criticism is what the criticism is we work failed well we work didn't really fail it just didn't achieve the like you know what's we work work today we work is still like you know uh like five or six billion company more valuable that than anything that we've ever built you know so it's like uh yeah we work is valued at 3.96 billion right now publicly traded um you know so it's not like it's not like we work actually failed it's just you know he raised too much money too high valuation didn't live up to that uh that dream at that that promise and a bunch of people got burned if you bought the stock or you joined the company at that really high price yeah you're underwater for that so that's the first criticism the second is he lied cheated steeled you know he licensed the he was like paying himself out of the company for the trademark of we he like you know did stupid things like you know this like summer camp where everybody got drunk and whatever those things to me are somewhere between a little whack a little messed up to actually like understandable and more common than you think when it comes to these like hypergrowth companies like i don't think he's a liar i think he's crazy kind of ego driven people but there's crazy good there's crazy bad is he crazy crazy bad what do you mostly good but it could be in some cases it was bad but i think that when i at least when i read about him and i don't know the guy i've hung out with um miguel the co-founder and my my read on these guys is is I don't think you're lying. I just think that you got some things wrong.

And I think that you're just like incredibly enthusiastic. And I don't know, like, is it, when you paint the picture of the future and you end up being way wrong, you're not a liar, you're just wrong. You know, you're optimistic, but you still called it wrong, but you're not a liar.

Or at least you don't, you're not a liar if you believe that it's gonna be true. Delusional is different, right? Right, delusional or irrational is very different than like lying or fraud.

And I think there's a line, who knows if he crossed it. I don't know all the details. I'm not involved in all that.

But from the outside, it looks to me like he was one of these guys who is huge dreamer, irrational self-confidence. So unbelievable self-confidence that they are gonna pull it off, that they're gonna pull off this crazy, crazy dream. I do think they get high on their own supply where they start to think that like, you know, the stuff that got them to the point where, you know, you're on the cover of Time Magazine and everybody's throwing money at you to fund you.

Then all of a sudden you think, you know, I can't be touched. And I've seen this play out many, many times. I've gotten burned on some of these.

So I've, you know, like I, you know, I invested in Terra, which was like, you know, the Luna like crypto coin, right? And the founder of that was the same way. This guy Do Kwan, super smart, charismatic, unbelievable confidence that his thing was gonna work.

And some people all along the way were saying he's crazy. And then slowly but surely, a bunch of smart people gave him money, you know, because it was like, this guy's crazy, but he's kind of pulling it off. And maybe he is just crazy enough to pull it off.

And we have many examples in history of people who are crazy enough to pull it off. Let's see if this happens. And then over time, his ego ballooned and it ballooned and it ballooned.

And he kept basically taking larger risks and tempting people to, you know, sort of call him on his bluff. And then somebody did in the market, like a series of events happened and it crashed and all went to zero and everybody looks dumb. And, you know, I lost a million dollars of like, you know, what I had in worth of Luna in like two days, because I believed that this guy was gonna be one of the crazy ones to pull it off.

I didn't think he was not crazy. I thought he was crazy and like might be the good crazy and was worth a bet. And so on other times I've bailed because I thought, you know what?

I'm not falling for this sort of the hero entrepreneur, the charisma, the visionary entrepreneur thing. I owned Tesla stock when it was really, really low. I remember at the time Tesla was valued at maybe like 2 billion and 2, 3 billion, something like that.

And I remember investing in it. My dad was like, Tesla, they don't make any money. And I was like, yeah, but I think that like, you know, here's my reason why I think they're gonna be big, A, B, C.

And then I said, he's like, yeah, but like, you know, it's already valued at 3 billion. I was like, well, you know, at the time I think GM was like 25 billion or something like that. One of the big companies.

What's Tesla now? Like 500 billion? Yeah, I mean, it hit a trillion.

So like, you know, I would have rode 2 billion to a trillion. I can't do that math. So basically like, this was my, it was the first stock that I bought.

I think I put in like 25K or something crazy like that. But 25K would have been, would have been like millions, right? Yeah.

At one point I calculated, it was a $5 million. I would have had $5 million. I, what I did was I turned the 25K into like 125K.

And I sold because I started to get suspicious that like, damn, this guy really over promises. Like, and he has, he does over promise. He over promises on like, when something will be built, how good it'll be.

Like, he's pretty much wrong on the timing always. Like he's, he's been saying that the Cybertruck is coming out. He's been saying that the, you know, the model three would be more affordable than it is.

He'll say that autopilot, like he's been charging people for autopilot, like the self-driving full, you, you, you buy FSD full self-driving and it's like not full self-driving and you've been paying thousands of dollars for like multiple years now. And he always says, it's right around the corner. Right?

And so like, this guy does have this. I remember when I was reading the, the, the Twitter stuff about like people who were basically saying this guy's a fraud, Tesla's a scam. Um, it was very, very convincing.

There was a lot of convincing evidence. I remember like they went through 20 CFOs, 20 CFOs in like a four year time span. And like the new CFO was like some guy who's never been a CFO before.

And like somebody really smart once told me like, just follow the CFOs. The CFOs know what's going on with the company. They know the company health better than anybody.

And like that made a lot of sense to me. I actually still believe that principle. It just turned out to be wrong.

Yeah, but it, it, no, no, it was right. Which is that it was on the brink of collapse, consistently. And, uh, he kept pushing it.

He threaded the needle. He pulled it off. Yeah.

He, he pulled it off. He threaded the needle. He pulled it off.

And there's still a bunch of mountain of evidence as to like, that it was very close to failing that, uh, he basically over promised slash that over promise would be the generous term, you know, sort of lied, manipulated, you know, to keep the stock up, uh, to prevent it from getting like, you know, basically, uh, crashing and, and, and going out of business. There's a bunch of evidence that supports that, but the bottom line is he pulled it off and I was, you know, $5 million wrong for selling early. And, um, and so I've been on both sides of this.

And I, I think where I netted out is some people literally are just con artists and they are literally just going to scam you and their charisma will, um, will manipulate you and dupe you into, into believing in them. But there, the, some of the best entrepreneurs do have this same, have such a similar profile where they're irrational, delusional, um, willing to like run into a, uh, you know, a fire pit. And they're like, there's no way you'll make it out.

And then, you know, nine out of 10 don't, but the one out of 10 who do, you know, like change the game. And so I've just sort of landed on, you know what? I'm going to lean towards, I'm going to lean towards optimistic on this.

Cause even though I would be right, if I was pessimistic about it, nine times out of 10, I'd missed the, I'd have a false negative on the one that actually works out. And that one will a pay for all the losers and investing terms and be like, you know, it's just more fun to sort of like follow these entrepreneurs and, and understand what they're doing, you know, and what, why they believe they can do this and, uh, be more optimistic than a hater towards them. That's kind of where I landed.

That's a good one. All right. Let me tell you, I'm going to, I want to end with two things.

One is the lamest thing I've seen on the internet in the past few weeks. And number two is a company that is making way more money than I thought. And I'm absolutely going to clone it.

Eventually I'm going to start with the second one. The, uh, go to perfect. Yeah.

Go to bitpipe.com. So B I T P I P E.com. Tell me what you see.

Okay. Oh my God. All right.

I see a Craigslist looking website. It says bitpipe is the enterprise it professionals guide to it resources. Browsers fee online library with the latest technical white papers, webcast product information.

All right. I don't know what this is, but basically it looks like a set of blogs, maybe a content about it. Click one of them.

Click one of them. Click content management. Yeah.

I'm done. Then click view. Now.

Okay. It looks like it's a set of reports. So click view now.

So I did it for you and says, this is an article from computer weekly. It was released on August 22, uh, August, 2022. And it's called, uh, uh, uh, like it's so technical.

I don't even know what it actually is. What are the, what's the one that you're looking at? I'm looking at Euro tunnels, digital journey for realities of post COVID travel.

And it tells me I can download this. E-zine, E-zine. The hell is it?

Okay. And I'm going to let, let me tell you an even worse one. This one's called how to choose an HR software.

Is that like what people call a magazine on the internet? E-zine. Yeah.

Is that what it's called? It's, it's old. So this one's there's one called how to choose.

Listen to this one. It's called how to choose an HR software system. And HR system is one of the most important purchases an organization makes.

Nowadays, the stakes couldn't be higher and download this key, this guy, this e-guide and learn all the key steps in setting up an effective buying process and how to identify HR software features. Then it says, give us your corporate email address, your first name, last name, company name, job title, seniority, job function, number of employees, industry, address, country, state, zip, phone, and just click download now and we'll send it to you. All right.

So this website, it's owned by a company that owns like 20 or 30 of these websites. And it only has about 3000 customers, but it makes around 400 to $500 million a year in revenue. And the way it works.

No, yes. Sam, no, no, no, I refuse to accept this reality. no, no way.

Cut this out. I don't like this. I don't like this.

It's public. It's a publicly traded company. It's a publicly traded company with a market cap of about two and a half or $3 billion.

So it's owned by a company called this exact thing. Bitpipe makes that much or the whole company makes that much though. The whole company, which is roughly like 10 or 20 of websites like this.

What's the company called? Tech target. So every company on this bit by website, you see how it says this is from computer weekly.com or this article is from networking.

It's like flow route, social networking.com. This was from like this other website that talks about global knowledge, which is your guide on information systems. So they own like 10 or 20 publications that talk all about like buying software for huge companies.

And they get very few people come into these websites a month. Very few. But because the article is called how to buy an HR system for a thousand plus employees, there's around 2,500 companies in America that will pay them money to do a couple things.

The first thing is they want to contact the people. The lady who is giving her email information on an article on how to pick an HR system is a lady who maybe 30 different HR customers will say, Hey, I'll give you 500 bucks if you can give me that lady's information so I can call her. The second thing that they do is they'll track that lady.

That lady, Linda, she's going to go to computerweekly.com and look at an HR software thing. Then she's going to go to information systems and look at a cloud software thing. And then what TechTarget is going to do is they're going to go to their clients and be like, Hey, hey, motherfuckers, you there?

I got a lady who's about to buy this thing, that thing, and that thing. You want to talk to her? You want to holler?

And that's what they do. And that's how they make their money. And they make hundreds of millions of dollars a year.

That's all they do. They go, Hey, this motherfucker's about to buy some cloud software. You want to holler?

Yeah. They own a website actually called what is, and it's just like people Googling like, but that'd be their phrase like, Hey, what it is, bro? Yeah.

Yeah. I got this chief information officer at Gardner. Yeah.

Yeah. They want to score, man. Yeah.

She's texting me. Yeah. Yeah.

You up. This is insane. Sorry.

So, but why do people, why is that person who's the head of HR? Why are they landing at this website? That looks like it's from like 1979.

Why are they, this looks like, you know, back when the internet was called the intranet and it was like six computers. This looks like an intranet website. It's not even an internet site.

And what the fuck are they going to Google to figure out what? They do this versus just Googling. Because dude, if you Google, like, what is a good software?

If I'm, if I'm, uh, you know, like, so if I'm the, the chief information officer of a 10,000 or 5,000 person companies, I'm going to get my information from a few different ways. I'm going to watch loads of very specific webinars that are on like a trade show, a trade magazine. I'm going to read trade magazine.

And by trade magazine, I'm going to learn about them because they're hosting like a hundred person trade show. That's all talks about like how to pick an HR software in Vegas. And it's really just a really fun way for me to go and watch the Chippendales like get through their thing.

I'm going to go to like a vendor that day and like, we're, you know, we're going to hang out and do some blow. But then that, so they're going to go to that website and learn all about it because that's how they know them. And then occasionally that company is going to do a webinar in order to access the webinar.

I'm going to give them a bunch of information and they're going to sell that information to the eight companies that could possibly service me. And that's how the tech target makes money. And so this lady, Linda, she's going to go to all these websites and meet all these people because it's such a small, it's a small, small industry.

There's like maybe tens or at most hundreds of thousands of people who would do this. And this is what I've been thinking about this B2B media world. It is awful.

Say it with me. It is awful. It is a horrible, horrible industry.

It is awful. Yes. With a, with a barrier or a, uh, uh, the bit, it's such a low bench line or a, uh, threshold of what's good and what's not good.

The content is horrible and people love it. And these businesses work. Why aren't we starting a company that just beats these guys?

Why aren't we starting the most boring B2B media company, but we put our spin on it. Just like mug shoties did to mug shots. We are going to do to the B2B media industry.

Why aren't we doing this? That's what we're going to call it. The B2B bitches.

Hey, where are the B2B bitches? What's up? Yeah.

It's going to be like a, like a radio show where it's going to be like, Hey, it's the B2B bitches. Today we're going to talk about information systems. Wah, wah, wah, wah.

You know, like. Yeah, exactly. We're going to have a podcast.

That's a radio station. Actually, we're just going to have an AM radio station. Yeah.

We're going to have a, uh, you know, we're going to give pagers to every CIO in America. And there's going to be like little sound clips. We have a new blog post up.

It's going to be like B2B bitches in the morning. Yeah. This is going to work.

Yeah. You know, my favorite thing, by the way, those radio stations that do the cheaters segment. You see this, where they like basically call.

It's like, Hey, will you call my boyfriend and just see if he would cheat on me? And like, they just like call the boyfriend and then she's on the other line. And they basically trick them into being like, yeah.

All right. I'll meet you at Home Depot. What time?

And then they're like, actually, Rebecca's on the other line. And he's like, you son of a, that's what we're going to do. We're going to get one vendor, your existing HR solution on the line.

And then we're going to call being like, Hey, are you interested in a new HR solution? And when they say yes, we're going to be like, Oh, we got work day on the line. Work day.

What's up? He's going to cheat on you. He's going to churn.

And it's called churn busters. And we just catch them in the act. No one has ever laughed at this style of content except until, or up until right now, we're the first people to ever make tech target a fun topic.

Yeah. But dude, this is interesting, right? This business model is crazy fascinating to me.

They make money through webinars. They make money through like these e-papers or they fucking call them a zine. I mean, that's just like, who's working here?

So my next business, I already have started a company. It's like this community thing. I'm going to add this, this style of company.

I'm going to add it to, this is going to be in our portfolio of products. Now, let me show you the last thing. Dude, last week, I said, I just say before you do that, can I just before you do that?

This is, this is yet again, a number seven. We got a number seven, a Sampar special. This is a Sampar special.

It's like, no one's even heard of this website. Somehow it does hundreds of millions of years a year. It looks like it's from 1982 and like, you know, how do you even know these?

I don't know, but this is a Sampar special. This is why I like to talk to you because you bring these things. Nobody, nobody I know in my entire life.

I get, I get hit of every single person. I'd say, hey, you ever heard of BitPipe? I will get the answer.

No, across the board. You're the only person that I know that knows about this stuff. Well, look up tech target market cap.

What is it? Is it like two point? It's like multi-billion.

It's like one of these companies that's like in plain sight, but no one pays attention to it. Yeah. So it's there.

It is. Let's see the current price. So it's trading at $72 a share with a market cap of $2.1 billion.

And like, what was its peak? Its peak was probably five or six or seven. I mean, it's not like a little thing.

Yeah. Double. Yeah.

Basically double where it's at now. All right. Last thing.

The lamest thing that I saw last week. So this guy posted on LinkedIn a picture of him crying. And the post starts off.

This will be the most vulnerable thing I'll ever share. I've gone back and forth whether to post this or not. But we just had to lay off a few of our employees.

And he talks about how it's his fault and how he made all these decisions. And I'm going to have to file this under things that I'm going to take to the fucking grave. I cannot believe this post.

I cannot believe this post. What happened to like a man being stoic and just like, you know, like just taking this, just take these feelings and just push them down. You know what I mean?

Just accept it and push them down. Hey, it's great. Hey, on that shelf that just has daddy issues.

Make room. Yeah. We got something new I need to put on the shelf that I'm buried deep down in my gut.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I want that problem to walk over and be like, excuse me. I'm not if I scooch in right here. That's what needs to happen with this.

I cannot believe this person shared this. Is that ridiculous? I mean, I don't even understand it, by the way.

He goes, he goes, I've seen a lot of, I've seen a lot of layoffs of the last few weeks on LinkedIn. Most of these are due to the economy or whatever other reason. Ours, my fault.

I made a decision in February that I stuck with for too long. Now I know my team will say, we've made this decision together. By the way, they won't.

They'll say you made this decision. They're not going to be like, we all made this mistake boss. Yeah.

So then he basically writes this long thing and he writes it like in the marketer style where it's every other line. Like single line, enter one line, enter. And then he posts this picture of himself looking into the camera crying.

And this has, I think it has 50,000 likes and 10,000 comments, but most of the comments are just shitting on him, which is hilarious. Oh, sorry. You said what?

It has 50,000. It has 50,000 likes, 10,000 comments, and most of them are just making fun of this guy. So as, as is deserved, to be honest, like, you know, at my first million, we don't condone that.

I mean, we don't condone bullying, but we definitely don't condone absolutely faking the funk like this guy's doing. The, the, the top comment that I liked was some guy was like, hang on. Did you turn your ring light on before you took this selfie?

Cause I can kind of see the reflection. Uh, it looks like you turned a ring light on to take the selfie of you crying to post on LinkedIn. And, uh, that's like, that's just calls it out.

So perfectly the, the, the inauthenticity of the fake authenticity that this guy tried to try to portray. I condone some type of bullying. I could don't bullying this guy.

Cause if the bullies had, they done their job. Nerds like this wouldn't be going around existing. This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen.

I saw this and I was like, bullies. You failed us. How on earth did this guy get away with this?

This is the, you need like, you know, in every ecosystem, it's like, yeah, well these, the plankton have to be there. Cause they're absorbing this and like, you know, these parasites actually, you need them because of this. That's why we need bullies.

Otherwise shit like this is going to run rampant if there's no bullying. Yes. This guy, someone needs, he needed a big brother.

He needed a big sister, someone to be like, look, this isn't how you act. This is not, this isn't the right way to behave when something like this happens. You dork.

I cannot believe this. We're pro bully here at the, my first million podcast. Dude, there's just going to be a generation.

There's just going to be a generations of cool, a generation missing cool kids because of this. No, I saw this post, man. And I thought this was the definition of small boy stuff.

Like when we say, no, this is what we're talking about. Yeah. This is, this is, this is small boy stuff.

This is, this is a small boy as it gets. I saw this and I was just like, oh man, I've seen, I've seen a bunch of these, like, like Henry Ward from Carta wrote this letter of saying how he screwed up. And I was like, all right, that's cool.

Whatever. This is the worst example I've ever seen of this. I think that what do you think is going to happen to this guy's career?

Like if you're a customer of his, I'd be like, oh, we like your code must suck. Like, you know, like if you're, if your product is even 50% as weak as you, it's not going to work. Do you know what I mean?

You know what I mean? Dude, some of these comments are hilarious. They're like, Brandon, Brayden, I understand these things happen, happens for a reason.

Focus on the positive. Let it go. Rest easy.

My sweet child. Rest easy. Like starts off with a serious comment.

It's like, sleep sweetly. My sweet child. Is that a man or a woman saying that?

This is actually the best content ever on LinkedIn. This is the best content on LinkedIn. Like the comments, the combination of the post and the comments.

All of a sudden LinkedIn was the most entertaining, you know, like social media of the day from this one post. Dude, I was gagging reading it, man. It was, this was crazy.

I felt embarrassed for, I just felt so embarrassed for him. You know how like, we talk about cringe stuff. I legitimately cringed.

I remember my face being like, eww. Like I just had that. My face was changing shapes reading this.

Yeah. Like I have this tooth that's like a little sensitive and it just started like ringing when I read this. I was like, ah, like I too cold of ice cream.

Like that's how it felt when I read this. It's just like this uncomfortable, this uncomfortable feeling that I just needed to pass. All right.

So that's the episode. Go tell your friends, tell your mom, you know, go at us on LinkedIn. Go do what you gotta do.

This is my first million. This is my first billion. My first billion.

No reward beef with excused. Devilpresa's FMH drunkening. Nigel60 killed his ass.

Instead he started drawing his ass together, but he just did something stupid like that. Just within an hourctic, Obama had him to juful community. My first billion.

Unsicred. Now, I'm sure about this. It's the November 11ULL Vice Iz traffic to get out nice.

Roadurfing, yeah, epic building energy.