All right, my last question. How many of these folks building software companies that you see, yourself included, are non-technical? That's a great question.

And if they are non-technical, what do they do? Yep. So I'm a developer, or was, I haven't written code in years.

But we actually asked, so we do a state of independent SaaS survey and we put out a report, like an industry report. And we asked the question, do you have at least one technical founder? Right?

Or, you know, and yes or no. Right? And the number of SaaS companies, kind of bootstrap dish SaaS companies, with no technical founders is like, I believe it's 20%, 25%.

Wow. It's very possible. It is.

And usually, what the expertise they have, they're either the subject matter expert, like, we're going to build software for accountants. I was an accountant for 20 years. Right?

We're going to be a software for UX designers. I was a designer for 10 years. They're either that, or they're sales or marketing.

That's what they should have. Now we've seen where there's a developer and then there's like, the business person, the business guy or gal. Which just means like anything.

Yeah, usually winds up meaning you're not actually that helpful and you probably shouldn't be. a co-founder. You know, if you can't sell or market or like have input on the product, you know, or develop it, like those are really the four roles.

You probably shouldn't be. So if I'm, if I like, I'm not, I'm not technical, but I, I can like tie stuff together and use Zapier. And I'm super creative.

How do I start a software company without hiring? Or I would, if maybe hiring is it, but without having a co-founder. Right.

So for you, since you have money, you would either acquire something because there's always stuff for sale that you may want to acquire and then just grow if you have a market content marketing expertise, or you would hire, you know, a developer or an agency or something to build it. If you don't have the money, a lot of people, non-technical will work a day job and actually funnel money to the side to basically pay for a developer to do it. The other two approaches I've seen are exactly what you said, which is I'm going to build my minimum viable product using Zapier and Notion and chewing gum.

Right. And I'm just going to cobble it together to the point where, Hey, if I get a few grand a month in revenue, this proves it. And now I'm going to use that to get it built.

It's a harder way to go, but it's possible. The last one I've seen, which is genius. And this is what the founder of Castos did because he's not, he's a single founder, not a developer.

He worked a day job. He started a productized service, podcast editing, and he high, he got it up to, I forget what the number was, 30 or 40 grand a month in productized podcast. He was one of the earlier ones.

It was called podcast motor. He was working a day job the whole time. So then while he was in that space.

Was he actually doing the editing or he would, he did it at first and then got someone overseas? Exactly. Yep.

Yep. Or even, even as folks in US and Canada doing it, and there was enough profit margin that he then started reinvesting, you know, and said, I will allow, I want to build now that I'm doing podcast hosting. He actually was in the podcast space.

Someone says, I have this WordPress podcast plugin for podcast hosting on WordPress. And I want someone to kind of adopt it type thing. Since he was doing something in public, they approached him.

He bought it for not very much money. And then he built the entire, you know, what again, is a seven figure business. He's raised, you know, three, aside from us, he's raised three quarters of a million dollars and it's grown fast.

So that's the other way to do it is like, I was a developer and I had to do it nights and weekends too, you know, and I was pulling money away from the day job. For the agency and hiring a developer, what's the best way to do that? Do a lot of these folks like, a lot, like when I was starting, everyone said like, oh, just go on ODesk and hire someone in India to do it.

And I'm like, I don't know, man, that doesn't sound like I can like, like, like, yeah. So like, what are you, what, what, what are there any agencies that you like or for hiring devs? Are you hiring someone by the hour in America?

What, what's, what do you typically see? Yeah. I typically see, I see a lot of people going either through referrals, like you get into a community, um, microconf connect or indie hackers or whatever dynamite circle.

And you ask and you say, who has used someone whom you trust? Right. So you try to get that referral.

It's not just a, a flat look because going to Upwork, which used to be ODesk is kind of a show these days. The other thing is there are now these referral services, aggregators. There's one called trust shoring, which is run by a guy who attends microconf, but he basically knows a bunch of Eastern European dev agencies.

And if you come to him and say, I want to build an iOS app, he'll say, cool. I have these three agencies that I, that I refer to. He's almost like a broker in a way, but like, he's a good dude and he knows them, you know?

And so he, and he's vetted them. And then there's one called cloud devs.com and they do the similar thing for Latin America. And so the nice, do you like top towel or anything like that?

Top towels? Good. It's expensive.

Um, right. Cause I think it's 150 an hour. So it depends on budget and all that.

If you're, if you're scraping by, I haven't used top towel, but I've had friends use it and I heard quality was really good in the early days. And of course, like anything, it gets, you know, less and less, but, um, that's certainly something you could try to. How much would you budget to create an MVP?

It depends on what it is. You're talking like a SaaS app. Here's the other thing, man.

If you're, if you are non-technical and you've never started a startup before, I would say, don't build a SaaS app. It's too hard. Like go, I have this thing called the stair step approach to bootstrapping, which is like, start small with like a WordPress plugin, a HubSpot add on, a Salesforce add on, a Heroku add on, and go build that, cut your teeth out.

It's way less expensive, way harder to maintain, and way easier to maintain. You get the experience, you get some revenue, then grow it to enough that you can buy out, just buy out your day job, eight grand, eight grand a month, maybe 10 grand a month. Then, and now you have experience, you can double down and, um, and do it.

It's awesome. To your, to your question of building an MVP of a SaaS app, 10 to 30 grand, how to throw it out. Yeah.

But, and you think a non-technical person could actually maintain that and understand what's going? No. Well, no, then you'd need to have that agency sticker.

That's where I'm saying, if you're non-technical, um, you either need some money. I mean, this is why folks, you build it and you're, you pre-sell it. You get to the point where there's enough revenue that you can then justify, you know, raising funding, right?

If you're, if you're non-technical or you have a side job that's, uh, putting money. Cause you get to the point where there's, uh, people have a lot of services. And then you're getting to the point where our工作 can bring whatever works with, or what is going to be called in T-inchesis you to get more data.

Right? Downtown. There is an scheera computer class that is zero at an element, which is huge in chuck, it's super common-class language triggering the developer.

You can always gain some of that. If you're not going to have a laptop today at the company, or twoSl Sprouts app is reallyIN to bring back your writing process. Devil would always listen to me as a passion.

I think I've written an essay on DamiCISC project. Hey, this is, I think, I've asked you about how to get it. But it's a great page on your skillset roll out.