Kevin, I think is even more famous and he has 2.5 or 3 million subscribers. He recently did a video and it was called here's my entire $50 million portfolio at age 29. So I, and I noticed that he had done one of these.

I'm clicking. Okay. Okay.

Double click full screen headphones on. And I noticed that he did another one of these like nine months ago or 13 months ago, something like around a year ago. And his net worth then was only 25.

And I was like, what is going on? This guy is nuts. And so he's basically this guy, meet Kevin.

I don't know his full name. He, um, it makes like three to four videos a day. And he is talking about like which stocks he's buying, uh, which, um, types of houses he's buying for investment properties.

And he shows his entire portfolio. And at the end he goes, now here's proof. And he logs in to all of his accounts and you can see all of it.

Screen share. Yes. Which is amazing for many reasons.

One, he's only 29 and he's a YouTuber with $50 million. $50 million. How was he?

How did he, how did he get that money? So he's just off of his YouTube or he had some other business that he started with? At age 19, I believe he started as just a real estate agent.

So just a normal guy. Okay. And he made a little bit of money, like a hundred grand a year, took that a hundred grand a year and bought some properties and then started a YouTube channel in 2010 or 2011.

And he just started documenting about his real estate investing slowly. That started making additional income using that income. He bought even more properties.

Eventually he had like a course and things like that, where he was making like one or $2 million a year. So a significant amount of sum or a significant sum. Then he took that money and he started investing it and started talking about what he was investing.

And you could see this entire growth over the last five years of his portfolio and how it's grown. Of course, it helps that a he's got now a significant stream of like $4 million a year, I would imagine. And we're in the best bull market of all time.

And so it kind of works, but that's how he's done it. And interestingly, this guy, Kevin, when Gavin Newsom was being recalled, Kevin ran for office. And there's this Republican named Larry Elder who got second behind Gavin Newsom.

Kevin was third with something like hundreds of thousands of votes. And so it's this kid's amazing. And so that's surprising.

I feel like a YouTuber who's got a big following should crush any politician. He doesn't have that big of following. He only has 2.5 or 3 million.

It's not significant. And it has to be a California above 18 voter. So it's not like it's not significant.

But my point being with a lot of these YouTubers is this video was nutty. And Graham Stephan did the exact same thing. He goes, here's my prediction.

Mr. Beast or a Mr. Beast type person will run for president and will surprise people with the type of following they get.

Because whether you want to be president or not, you could. I think the original Trump playbook was, I'm going to just throw my hat in the ring. I'm going to get tons of attention and press.

I'm going to build my brand off the massive amount of attention that goes into elections. And I'll be the kind of curveball story that everybody wants to cover. Everybody's got an opinion on.

Like Kanye did it or whatever. He threw his name in. You're going to see the wild wild west of people trying to put their name in the hat for running for office or running for these kind of like positions that will sound, you know, how could how could a 21 year old YouTuber be doing this?

And they're going to get a little momentum. And then that's going to create a press cycle. That's going to create more momentum.

I don't think they'll actually win. I don't think they even want to win. But it would just be a smart move for the dog eat dog world of YouTube trying to get views.

Yeah. And but here's back to the original point of getting views. What is exhausting life that you have to go and and I'm thankful that Mr.

Beast does what he does. I'm thankful that this Kevin guy and Graham are crazy enough to log in and show me there. That is so cool.

They are fucking nuts. That is nuts. So cool.