And I'm like, wow, why am I so stressed out all the time? Why am I anxious about this? This is Hayes Barnard.

Most of the time, you see guys like this on the cover of Forbes magazine. You see, Hayes has got an incredible story. He flunked out of the first grade and is now one of the wealthiest people in the world.

But what I love about Hayes, he thinks big and he plays big. I'm Sean, and I want to take you Behind the Pot. Should we show up early?

Should we show up early in a real power move? Like he gets there and we're already in the water. People have no idea what to do with that.

Hayes has invited us down here. We just wanted to do a podcast. And he said, no, no, no, come out here and live a day in my life.

I want you to wake up five in the morning, meet me at the lake, freezing cold water. He's got apparently a crazy breath work routine. He does this every day.

I do this. I'm willing to do this one day today. He does this every single day.

I think that's the difference between me and a billionaire. As we drove over to his house, I started feeling weirdly anxious. You know, I've done like 500 of these episodes, but for some reason, it's different to just do them remotely, see a little face on a screen versus actually go to their house and see what they're really like.

But I wanted to do it because I have this feeling that I'm just doing the same things with the same people all the time. Our routines can become ruts, as Hayes says. So today I wanted to break my frame.

I wanted to go sample a day in the life of someone that I really admire. And even more pressure, we decided to film it. I'm not a vlogger.

I've never done this before. But I wanted to take you with me so you can see this firsthand just the way I did. You good?

Yeah, I'm good. I'm good. You guys good?

All right, let's do it. This is going to be super fun, man. I do this every morning.

There's a different friend that comes over every morning to join me. Nice. It's just a great way to start the day.

So I'm super grateful you guys are here. I did some breath work with him one morning, and it was really weird. It made me very uncomfortable.

And then I was like, I'll try the second day. But the third day, I was like, I feel really amazing. I feel great about my life.

This is incredible. So now I do it, and it makes a big difference. I don't have a name for it.

I have one for you. Oh, you do? The Barnacle.

So is there something, I'm curious, like when you do this today, I'm thinking about this right now for myself. I haven't thought about it, but is there something that you want to get out of it? Like, is there something you're really focused on in business or family?

There's two things that are top of mind for me. One is the kind of like life career stuff. So basically, I've hit this point where I kind of did everything I wanted to do for the things I wanted to do 10 years ago.

What I don't want to do is just continue doing those things due to lack of imagination. So if we're trying to kind of imagine, all right, what would the next five, seven years be like that would more like tap into my potential? What I can do.

What's the thing you want out of this session? Like, what are you thinking about? Man, I'm trying to really think through the balance of my life right now.

I don't have a ton of balance from a time perspective. Just pulled in a lot of directions where sometimes I don't feel like I'm a good enough friend. I don't think I'm a good enough dad.

I don't think I'm a good enough husband. I'm not a good enough CEO. Understanding that there's a balance between various times, types of happiness.

And I'm trying to show people like, look, take time for yourself. Space. Space is okay.

When you're a workaholic like me and you grind all the time and you're like addicted to success, you're addicted to productivity, it's hard to just take a moment and watch the sunrise and drop in. And so I'm forcing myself to say, it's okay. Like, take space.

Like, it's okay, man. Like, it's good for you. This is your opportunity to kind of just think.

We all have our little demons, you know, that little devil on our shoulder that says I'm not enough. I don't think I've ever watched a sunrise, by the way. Is this your first one?

This is my first one. My wife probably wanted it to be her, but... Should we hold hands?

Yeah, it could be... It makes you realize how special every day is, man. All right.

Well, you in for 12 minutes, 20 minutes? Like, talk to me. I said play full out, so let's do the full session.

Let's do the full session. Okay, okay. What do you think, guys?

Did you drop in? I'm seeing colors I haven't seen before. Okay, you ready?

One, two, three. Let's go, big dog. Good morning.

Good morning. Let's go. This is pleasurable.

This is not pain. No. I don't know if it's the breath work.

It's the breath work. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, your body's awake.

I feel like my body was primed already before. Yeah, you're totally. You're whole, all your bloods and your chest and your...

Dude, I'm like literally relaxed right now. Yeah. That's a very...

So this is the deepest part of the lake. It's around 2,000 feet deep. You know, Huberman's done a bunch of studies about the power of horizontal light.

Oh, really? Oh, yeah. It's like amazing for your circadian rhythm.

You want to watch the sun rise, and you want to watch the sun set because it's really great for your happy factor. It's really great for your brain. I love this view that you're about to get in this lake with the horizontal light shooting through the water at us.

It's almost like you're in space. So on the count of three, we're going to go down. You ready?

Hold your breath as long as you can and just open your eyes. Look at each other. Open your eyes.

Open your eyes, man. All right. One, two, three.

Forgot to breathe. I forgot to breathe before I went down. Oh, man.

So good. Sean, how are you feeling? Amazing.

What were you saying yesterday? Don't start the day with two coffees? Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, this is how you start the day. Yeah.

This is it, you know? I never drink coffee. People stimulate themselves.

All this caffeine, all this sugar. Your body is used to these patterns, these rhythms, these rituals and recipes, right? Yeah.

And so you get into these rhythms that become ruts. And so one of the things that I've learned is try to do something every single day that you've never done before. Then you remember the day.

You mark the day. You're like, oh, yeah, that day. I did that crazy thing, you know?

So what can we do that could be, like, different? Because I've done this before. All right, we'll zip around the corner.

There are these rocks around the corner. And they just look fun. Almost like an adult jungle gym.

All right, so we're jumping back in. Jumping back in. Jumping back in.

Jumping back in. We're going to do something we've never done before. All right, so here are these rocks.

You guys see these rocks right here? And so we're going to do something we've never done before. Why not, right?

Today's the day. We've got to make it happen. Dude, what a life-changing attitude.

Every day I'm going to do something I haven't done before. Something I've never done before. Just find one moment.

Childlike energy, right? Let's go. Three, two, one.

Let's go. Oh, man. Come on.

Dude, we're living. Amazing. We're living right now.

Man, that was amazing. How you feeling? Oh, so good.

It's like, I feel so alive. That's tough. How you feeling?

Amazing. Awake. Not bad for a Wednesday.

All right. Thank you. That's a wrap.

Appreciate it. Okay. Thanks.

All right, everybody. Good job. Nice work.

Good job. All right. Oh, really?

Oh, really? Oh, really? Oh, really?

Oh, wow. What? What?

What? What? Oh, my God.

It was amazing. Oh, man. We wanted to get it framed up for you.

Picture with your mom at the bottom. Oh, wow, man. So, I wanted you to have it.

Because that was awesome. Oh, dude. You guys are amazing.

Thank you so much. Jeez, that's incredible. Dude, give me a hug, man.

That's so cool that you guys did that. You guys are so thoughtful. Wow.

Wow, wow, wow, man. Whoa. Whoa.

That's living in our room. Yeah. Yeah.

Damn. When you're building the thing, sometimes you get so caught up building the thing that you forget to look back. Oh, dude, that's crazy.

So, that's crazy, man. It's a reminder of all the good. Oh, wow.

Where did you find all this stuff? Pod done. You never really know how a podcast went until like two days later.

Yeah. You got to think about what do you remember two days later. If you don't remember anything two days later, it's not a very good pod.

But for this, I think it'll have at least four or five big ideas that I'll remember two days later. So, now we go feast. How did you feel swimming?

I mean, honestly, unbelievable. It's swimming to the rocks. I was like, man, this is amazing.

But we are done, right? Yeah. He's like, nope, the next one.

This feels so good that I almost feel like we could just stop here on this rock. I thought we were just supposed to chill. Dude, I was telling you yesterday I had my worst fear of dislocating both of them at the same time.

And I was like, oh my God, this would be the worst possible place without that. After hanging with Hayes, we had to head back to the house to do a webinar for one of our portfolio companies, Beehive. I don't normally do webinars, but sometimes you got to do what you got to do.

Live and interactive. Let's go. Ed Rigg, you have a great name and a great character.

Dude, you should be in Hollywood. What are you doing here? You rub the lamp.

I popped out. You're like, what the hell? The G is Indian?

And you're like, yeah, I don't do public math. But 5% of 10,000 is not that many people to get to your app. So the first question is, if you got something like...

After we wrapped up the webinar, we headed back to meet up with Hayes. He wanted to give us a tour of the proper hotel he's building in Tahoe. And the story is that Hayes was in the lake doing his morning routine and he saw the building and decided one day I'm going to buy that hotel and rebuild it into something great.

I don't know if I believe in manifestation, but shoot, here we are. He's given us a tour of that hotel, rebuilding it and telling us some really fun stories. So this was the first licensed casino in the entire United States.

And we had one slot machine and we kept running for many, many years just to keep the casino license. Yeah. And so we're not going to do a lot of slots.

It's going to be more like, you know, poker games and some of the card games and things like that. Are you guys going to have Uno? Yeah, Uno.

We'll probably have Uno. Yeah. Power hungry pets.

You know, exploding kittens. Those types of things. Right?

Yeah. Time to play some pickleball. The real reason why we came out here.

All right. Let's go. One to ten.

Hayes, what would you rate yourself? I'm like a seven and a half. That's a downplaying eight.

He already told us off the record he's a nine. The cameras come all out. He becomes humble.

Hayes. All right. We know how it is.

Go on, man. Go on. I played pickleball three times in my life, maybe.

I am a natural born athlete, peak Indian genetics, that you're about to see in action. You thought we were good at math. Pickleball has a component of math.

Oh, same stuff, Diego. Five, eight. Yellow to bounce right here.

One, four. Ten, eight. One.

All right, man. What a day. Thank you.

Appreciate you. Great hanging. See you here in Austin.

See you later. Thank you. I'll bring you some pork ribs.

Good job, partner. Yeah. We got a win in there.

Yeah, we did. There we go. Okay, guys.

I'll bring you some pork ribs next time. Yeah. I'll work out and get some pork ribs.

Let's go. I'll see you in Austin soon, huh? All right, man.

All right. Yeah. Cool.