I think Richard Branson is not a wonderful person. So before the podcast, there's this video of him. What year is that video?

99? Or something. Is it?

Yeah. It's on YouTube. And if you Google Richard Branson, Selma Hayek, it's Richard Branson is on the Conan O'Brien show.

Selma Hayek, obviously, like one of those beautiful, awesome women on earth. Richard Branson comes on, sits Selma on his lap and is clearly flirting. I think he's kissing her neck.

It's fucking embarrassing is what it is. And whenever I saw that video, I was like, oh, I don't look up to you anymore. That was pretty bad.

You watch that video? Yeah. You sent it.

I watched part of it. It was kind of uncomfortable. So I just stopped watching it because he kind of like, are they friends?

Are they cool? Like, you know, dude, even if you are cool, that's weird to me. That behavior is weird to me.

And then I'm like, was this cool in 1998? Did people do this type of thing in 1998? No, man.

I don't really remember. Even the crowd is like, like, it's uncomfortable. And it's on live TV and she's trying to, like, be polite and not make a big deal out of it.

Yeah. You could tell she's not, like, down with that. And I read his book.

I read his book. And, like, so I'm not on board with him anymore, actually. So that's what I'll leave it at that.

Is that a fair assessment? No, hold on, hold on. What did you read in his book?

Or is that irrelevant to what you're saying? Oh, he was just cheating on his wives. And he just seemed like a guy who, it's okay that he has his lifestyle.

But I could see how that could put a lot of people uncomfortable and easily cross lines, even if his intentions aren't to cross a line. You know what I mean? Like, he was like a hippie a little bit.

You know what I'm saying? So this is truly the play I hate his ball here because you're hating the play here, right? Like, yeah, this guy, you know, like Richard Branson.

First of all, the guy looks like he's always having a great time. Have you ever watched this guy on Necker Island? You go see these videos.

Dude, I think that's part of the shtick. Yeah, there's definitely, like, once the Jeffrey Epstein stuff came out, you're like, oh, wait, what are these really rich people doing on these islands? Like, what's going on over here?

Do I need to, like, you know, like, make a note, you know, tell my daughter, like, never, ever go with a billionaire to an island? Like, you know, what do I need to do here? I think that's a safe rule.

I think that's a safe rule. Right. That's a good rule.

I'm down with that rule. I'm going to write that one down. Yeah, put that on the refrigerator.

I'm okay with that one. Yeah, so I don't know. Like, I don't know what wrongdoing he's been accused of.

He's pretty inspiring as far as the business guy goes. And that's what I'm saying. I don't know if there's any accusations.

I've got zero proof of anything I'm saying other than just one video and just a vibe. It's just a vibe. It's just an energy.

Yeah. Yeah, you're coming in strong with a pretty wild, wild portrayal of the vibe. No, I'm saying it's all energy.

I'm saying that there's zero proof other than this one video that I saw. That's it. That's all I'm saying.

Okay. And the second one. So there's this guy named Naveen Jain.

Do you know who this guy is? He's always on the cover of Inc. And he's always on these Tony Robbins things.

And he's incredibly charismatic. He's got a good smile. Let me tell you about this guy.

So do you know anything about him? I know a lot about him. But I want you to say the story.

Because I don't think most people know anything about him. All right. So even to this day, he's considered a billionaire.

And like I said, he's on the cover of all these magazines as this wonderful entrepreneur. So I'm going to give a high-level summary of his background. So he started at Microsoft in 1989.

Probably got wealthy from that. In the mid to late 90s, he started a company called Infospace. Infospace went public.

And he eventually was worth $8 billion. What Infospace did was... It's kind of hard to explain because it's so old.

And we don't even use that anymore. But they helped to make directories and maps that you would put on your website. So just stuff that isn't even relevant anymore.

But it was just a dot-com business. And the stock went public and crushed. It was at $138.

And then it completely crashed. And in March of 2000, it was now worth $1.56. And Infospace, they used a ton of controversial accounting methodologies.

And so they said that they made $46 million in profit. But they got sued. And people got angry at them.

And because in reality, they actually lost almost $300 million. And a ton of their employees filed suit, along with a lot of their shareholders, filed suit because they promised employees different stock options. And it just went to shit.

And it was built on a bunch of lies and a little bit of vaporware. So that happens. In 2003, this guy, Jane, is ordered to pay $250 million for violations.

I don't know what short... I don't know if you said this. But basically, the stockholders, so the employees, the stockholders, they all lost their money.

But he ended up making out rich off of Infospace. You said that part or no? No.

But yeah, that was the biggest part. So he sold a lot of his stock. And he made a huge sum of money.

A lot of the other people did not. Right. Then after that, he starts this other company.

Have you heard of this other company called... How do you pronounce it? Intellis?

Intellis. Intellis. The best way to describe it, and I think a lot of people know what this is, but whenever you get a scam phone number to your phone, and you Google it, and you search on Google, and it says which number came up, and you type it in, and it's like, well...

And you get all these ads. For the background check of this person, just enter in their information, and you inevitably enter in your mom and dad's information to see, like, oh, have my parents ever been arrested? Let's find out.

And it says, like, whoa, we found Donna Parr in Missouri. For only $18, you can get her criminal history report, and you're tricked into buying a $19 a month subscription. And I actually posted in a picture.

If you look at the picture on the doc of the actual scam. But basically, this company grew to be really big, hundreds of millions in revenue, and then it came out that they were getting sued constantly because consumers were like, I didn't know that I was signing up for this, and I've been getting billed $20 a month. $20.

Yeah, $20 subscription I'm getting billed for because the font in, like, size two underneath the checkbox said, like, by the way, this is going to charge you money every month. Yes. And the actual landing page that I sent to you, it's a screenshot, and it says something like, get $10 for giving us information about yourself.

But then also underneath that, in a really small writing, it says, and after that, we charge you $19 a month, like, for this and that. And so it's pretty scammy. Now, here's the reason, one of the reasons why he's on the cover of all these magazines is he's starting a company that helps mine minerals on different planets.

That sounds cool and everything. But the fact that, like, he has had this history of shadiness, I think I'm not on board with that. Yeah.

So just to kind of like recap here, I think the story is he was found guilty of insider trading. He then tried to sue his law firm, saying, you didn't provide me adequate legal coverage, blah, blah, blah. And then he ended up getting hit with a $247 million.

I don't know if he got $247 million or he made $247 million. No, he had to settle. He had to pay.

He had to pay $100 million, I think. I'm not 100% sure on that. I got to get a look for that.

And then, Intelius just sold to a private equity company after all that kind of like, you know, after all that hot water. And then now, is he, so he's doing the moon mining thing. I've seen that.

And he has another thing that measures, I think it just like measures your poop, doesn't it? It's like your gut stuff. And I don't know much about that.

Yeah, that one, you saw that one, like the FBI or somebody, the whole company's office got raided because the founders were like, you know, like basically lying or cheating or some crime, basically. And then the founders got kicked out. This company had raised a bunch of money.

I don't know the exact story here. Let me look that up. No, I think you're thinking of Biome versus Viome.

Oh, okay. And I think they did the exact same thing. But, so that's why I said, I thought the same thing.

I was like, I remember this couple. They looked like a couple and they got arrested. Yeah, it was a couple.

Okay, so that's Biome, not Viome. I think. But that doesn't even matter.

I think that if you are like this prolific in terms of like, even if you're accused this often of stuff, it doesn't mean you did it. But it means like, hmm, like why does this, what's the common denominator here? It's you.

What's going on here? Yeah. So anyway, that's my list.

Well, tell me about it. Well, it's, it's, it's okay. So anyway, that's your list.

Hey, you're done. Hey, I see. Well, I'll get a try.

Well, I'll get it. Label naval naval naval ambassador for sales. Also, I'll get to know it.

Nothing in mind. But I'll get up with the title. I'll get you over here.

I'll get into it. 5-546-647 compliqué-funnel İstanbul for years. And I'll get this in the next video.

So again, let's give it a couple.