All right, I have to tell you about something interesting. Ben, cue the music. A million dollars isn't cool.

You know what's cool? A billion dollars. All right.

Billy of the Week. This person's not a Billy, but they're incredibly fascinating to me. So I've been getting just targeted on YouTube like crazy.

Not from ads, but for things you also should watch. Because of my first million. There's this guy named Alex Hermazi.

Have you seen this person? Yes, dude. This guy's all over my TikTok feed.

I see this buff motherfucker in every TikTok. Every other swipe is this guy. Who is this guy?

What's his story? I will tell you. He looks like an 80s cop had a baby with Arnold Schwarzenegger.

Long hair, mustache. Great mustache. And just huge.

Jacked. He looks like a good looking dude. And very fascinating look.

Right when you see him, he stands out. Ben's pulling up a picture of him. Yeah, I mean, he's yoked.

And I've been getting these YouTube videos from him everywhere. Like, learn from me, a guy who has a business that's doing nearly $100 million a year in revenue. And I'm like, what?

This guy looks like he's 30 years old. And I think he's 31. So let me tell you about this guy.

And let me preface this by saying, I think this guy's legit. But it's almost too good to be true. And so I'm like, I wonder what the truth is.

Right. So his name's Alex. So basically, he started out when he was like 22, 23.

He opened up a gym. He scaled that gym to three gyms. Still wasn't that good of a business.

Met some folks at ClickFunnels. ClickFunnels is a little bit multi-level marketing-y. Incredibly.

It's an incredibly direct... Most internet marketing. I wouldn't say multi-level.

Probably a trap. But it's the cousin of it. They all go to the same family reunion.

They have Thanksgiving together. Yeah. They all go to the same Mormon church up in Utah.

I would guarantee you that. Let's just say they all know how to run a call center. And so anyway, he learns about that guy.

He learns about copywriting. And then he meets one of the guys at the company. And he says, wait a minute.

You're opening gyms? That's a horrible idea. Don't open gyms.

He goes, are your gyms good? He goes, yeah, they're really successful. But the best gym isn't that successful.

And they said to him, dude, teach people how to open up a gym. So he creates this thing called Gym Launch. And Gym Launch is basically a course that costs around $20,000.

I saw somewhere that it was $16,000. Then I heard somewhere else that it was $20,000. So let's just say $16,000 to $20,000.

And it's like a course. But they hold your hand and you meet with them like a mastermind. It's a course that teaches gym owners how to improve their gym.

And on top of that. According to the website, it's financial freedom. Okay.

Sorry. It's financial freedom. And he's running these great ads and he's got really good copywriting.

And he's getting these people to improve their gym, whatever. Hold on, Ben. Can you go up to that founder section on the website?

What does that say? We slept on the floor. What does that say?

I want to read this. That's what he says. This story is he was like, I was living in the gym because I didn't have any money.

Gotcha. Okay. Gotcha.

So, you know, I was a former gym owner who slept on the floor of his gym when it was full. I couldn't acquire, serve, and retain enough customers. Over the next three years, I became a sponge.

Or he became a sponge. He experimented, blah, blah, blah. It became great.

Now he has Gym Launch. Okay, go ahead. Okay.

And then from Gym Launch, he launched another company called Prestige Lab. So once he gets these gym owners coming to him, he says, hey, like buy these supplements too. Like you should sell supplements at your gym.

We did all the work and we know which ones sell best and we're making them. You can just go ahead and buy it from us. Then he starts this third company and says, all right.

So far, two smart moves. Yeah. Then he starts a third company and says, okay, you've got a gym.

One of the things that I told you was that you need more leads. I'm going to create a lead company, which I don't entirely understand what that means, but it's kind of like a marketing company. And somehow they send, maybe they set up your Yelp and set up your Google AdSense, things like that.

I think it's like, they just, what they do is you search, you know, gym near me, San Jose. And then they're going to, they know that the gym owner is not buying that top click on Google. And they're going to buy that.

They're going to create a search engine. They're going to let you say, put in your zip code. We'll find a gym near you.

What's your email? And then they'll pass the gym owner your email or your phone number and say, you know, pay us per person who's interested in a gym near you. And so collectively, these businesses, these three things that I said, are doing in the world of, according to his videos and my research, 70 to $80 million a year.

In fact, he just sold one of the businesses, the gym launch and supplement business combined. He sold 66% of it for $46 million. And in one of his talks, he says, over the last five years, both through the sale of the company, as well as dividends, I've paid myself $72 million.

And I thought, that is nuts. That is crazy. That is crazy volume.

Yeah. And this, like, kind of blew my mind. But there's another business.

So his wife has a business, right? Or him and his wife, they have another business? Like acquisition?

I don't know, man. This is one of those guys that's just, like, prolific. He's got a book on Amazon.

He's done all this. He's like Steve Bartlett, whoever you're talking about. He just, like, has his hands in so much shit.

I don't know how it works. There's something called acquisition.com. I was looking at this the other day because I saw a video on TikTok.

And I was like, what's up with this? Is this real? I was literally like, it's so funny you did the research on this because I had jotted this down as, like, dig in, find out.

And so what acquisition.com is basically like, it says, do you want to scale your business? You know, I will 3x the business. I'll 3x the profits of 100 businesses that are doing between 1 and 10 million EBITDA per year that are service-based businesses.

Over the next five years. If you want help scaling your company without giving up a majority interest, click the purple button below. And then, yeah, it basically says the same kind of story that you were saying before.

And it's like, how do you want to learn from us? Here's my course. Here's my book.

Here's my podcast. Here's my link to join my accelerator or whatever. But this, I don't know if he's selling a course on acquisition.com or if he's just trying to get leads on small businesses he could buy because he bought one business and that's a photography business.

And I listed the name of it. It's called like something fair. I'll find it.

But oh, here it is. Scroll down to the bottom. Enchanted fairies.

Yeah. Enchanted fairies. F-A-I-R.

Fairies. Sorry. Enchanted fairies.

That's like a photography business he bought. Is that crazy though? I mean, this is like a pretty wild enterprise.

Yeah. And he actually has some pretty good stuff. Like I sent, because I sent to my team, like I sent like, I don't know, 20 TikToks out a day, but to three people, it's like, this is the, okay.

So like I have my friend who I'm like, I can send offensive, funny things. And actually you're in this bucket too, where you're one of the few people that like, I can send something that's like cancel worthy. If you think this is funny, I can send it to you and I can send it to my brother-in-law.

And that's what I do. I send it to both of those people. Like I'll tell you what, this is bad, but it was like, there's this Twitter account I follow.

That's like a, like a meme account. It's got like 200,000 followers. And he tweeted out, he goes, men's mental health is not important.

If you follow up tweet, he goes, he goes, just get more. That was his tweet. And I'm like, I know I shouldn't, it's like a fart joke.

It's like, I shouldn't think this is funny, but it cracked me up. Cause it's so anti my Silicon Valley timeline, which is just like, so super progressive. Everything matters.

Everything is justice for everybody. Like, it's nice to just hear like where I'm from in Houston. Like I went to like a pretty like ghetto school growing up and like the sense of humor that is like from that, it just like hits home for me.

Just potty jokes. Yeah. Just like, you know, it's just like, it's like, you don't bring, you don't bring your pronouns to the hood type of thing.

And so there's this like good humor that I just find really funny anyway. So, so you and this guy, that's like my inappropriate jokes. And there's like, you know, I'll send my wife or my sister just like, kind of like, oh, that's funny kid stuff, mom stuff, whatever.

And then there's like little business or marketing hack tactics that like, I think are actually pretty interesting. So this guy, Alex, to me, one of the reasons I suspected he's legit is because his advice is actually pretty legit. Yeah.

And he's not just saying general like motivational quotes. So for example, you said something like, he's like little sales thing that helps. And these are TikToks, right?

Those are 10 seconds. You don't have to like invest much in it. It's like, he's like little sales trick that kind of helps me getting somebody to say yes is hard.

It's like a commitment. So if I'm like, so would you like to sign up? It's like, oh, let me think about it.

Let me get back to you. That's like what you'll get frequently. He's like, I'll ask a no commitment.

So I'll say, you know, if we're able to work out the details, would you be opposed to actually signing up with us? And they're like, no, I'm not opposed to that. Like, no, I'm not against it.

And actually, this is something that when I heard it, I was like, oh, actually, I've kind of like accidentally done this a couple of times. And, you know, that's a good point. There's something there in the psychology.

Cool. Noted. And like, I'll pick up these little things from him and like five other people that are like, you know, in this copywriting, sales, persuasion world that I just think those are interesting to me.

So I actually think this guy is legit for that reason, even though like people look down on like lead gen. They've looked down on course businesses. Like there's a stigma around course businesses, which is like, oh, you probably couldn't do it.

That's why you're selling courses. Let me change. Let me clarify how I feel.

I think he's legit and he seems like a decent guy. And he for sure seems like a smart guy. I don't know him that I don't know him well, but he seems like a really nice guy.

But he's in a shady industry, not a shady industry. He's in an industry with a lot of shady people. Not that he's shady, but supplements and like selling this type of stuff is courses.

Yeah. Yeah. And not of course, I don't know if he's shady.

I'm just saying there are shady people. And also it's a $20,000 course. And I frankly don't think I've got the chutzpah to sell that to someone on the phone.

Yeah. Like it's that's really bold. And frankly, I find it to be challenging.

So I wouldn't say that I think he's shady. I'm just saying that like that world has a lot of players who are. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I'm with you. Yeah. I don't think you said anything that I think we were actually quite complimentary towards him.

But OK, I like that. So I'm going to use cerebrals for Paul Knotse. Like that I can 단 oruba, I can't even rumor Why not the music?

And I think it's awesome. So for tôi to receive an a氣asi I think that people should listen to someone that might lower my mind at 2 Ultra High tidak. But then we're not making it rather.

Then I don't think it's just a Chain Deric off a gear that I don't use on Monster High is like that America is aue times larger than people. From me on desk activists have been vaginal Jones but they've been making just $30,000 and just that bad news for me. For example, people oncountry, their but ris vote yes, maybe you know.

And they'll give us a chance if they're better. Just be gaspawnислých reviews ???