dude, I just want to get wins. I don't need to change culture. I need to change my bank account and my lifestyle.

There's these companies like Tesla and basically a lot of stuff that Elon does, which is this super sexy stuff. I mean, I'm not interested in it, but it is quite sexy to say you're going to send a... You're going to go to Mars or you're creating these cars that are neat and fun.

Whenever I think about these companies, they're like the coolest companies where you create a hype video at the end of the year and you see everything they've done and you're like, oh my God, that's so sick. When they created a video of Elon celebrating one of his rockets taking off, I was like, oh my God, that's awesome. And so anyway, Constellation is not that.

He doesn't do a video of him looking at his golf club software. Right. And it's pretty boring.

But it's still fascinating because it's like a fun puzzle. How do you, Sean, balance... Where are your aspirations?

Do you say like, I want to do something that's full of excitement or do you find excitement in the boring stuff? So I used to be pretty hardcore about this where I was like, dude, the only thing worth doing, like if I'm going to spend my time and I used to be really dismissive of people who were wasting their time doing things that were not sort of the peak of the peak. So I was like, okay, if I'm going to do, why would I do a job when I can own my own business?

Then I was like, why would I own a small business when I can own a big business? They both kind of take up all my energy and my time. And it's like, if I'm going to do a big business, why would I do a boring thing?

Might as well do an exciting thing. And that train of logic made sense to me. And I did that.

So at Monkey Inferno, it was, we are here to try to create the next hit consumer thing. We're like, we don't give a shit that that's low odds of success. We want to create, you know, Michael had created Bebo and which was like, sort of like almost Facebook.

He had like come within sort of inches of creating a Facebook, but instead ended up in the MySpace pile and, you know, did well financially, but he didn't change culture. And so we were like, dude, we can do this. We can change culture.

And so we tried every, you know, messaging apps, live streaming, we tried all these different consumer things and failed like crazy and, you know, even things that like kind of worked, they ultimately were not successful because there was, they were so home run driven. They were grand slam driven. So I backed off that and I backed off that maybe because I'm just burnt.

Dude, I just want to get wins. Like I don't need to change culture. Like I need to change my bank account and my lifestyle.

Like, so I don't know to what extent I'm, it's like I can frame it either way. Am I more mature? Because I'm like, look, I don't have, I'm not as attracted to the sexiness of it.

I just want to build, you know, great things, great businesses. Or am I just fearful and burnt out from failure? It's hard to say for me, right?

But my view definitely has changed where now I'm like, oh, that Elon path, I don't know. That sounds like a lot of effort. Why don't I just do this simple thing that's going to like work?

Yeah. And part of me is like, okay, I agree. And I agree.

And I am the same. And then the other part is like, yeah, dude, but you're just kind of being like a puss. Like, what would the 12 year old in you like think is awesome?

And every once in a while, you got to listen to that. And so I don't know how I feel. I don't know how I feel.