Okay, I have another sort of genius or idiot thing. Did you see that Logan Paul was at WrestleMania? Genius.

I did and I watched it. It was awesome. And it's actually not a part of genius or idiot.

This is actually a part of like a different question. Is Logan Paul the greatest athlete of our generation? Did you see this video?

He looked great. He looked so good. He looked amazing.

So he did three suplexes in a row. I haven't watched wrestling since like 20 years. Dude, wrestling is back.

Wrestling is like booming. Wrestling is fucking back, dude. It's back in a huge way.

And I think there's a lot of opportunities around the fact that wrestling is back, but the whole world has changed. It's like wrestling is back, but the entire world and the way it works has changed. And so that to me says there's a lot of opportunity because like you have crazy fandom and passion.

But like all new like tools at your disposal for like how you can like harness that energy. So they did WrestleMania yesterday and whatever. I saw a bunch of clips, you know, Stone Cold Steve Austin came back and drank a bunch of beers.

Pat McAfee, who's also a podcaster somehow, was like a key person in the thing. I don't know why. Somebody can explain that to me.

But Logan Paul did a match. And Ben, if you pull up the clip of Logan Paul in this wrestling match, unbelievable athlete. Absolutely unbelievable.

Yeah, it was amazing. And he did all the acting and stuff. He did.

He killed it. Yeah, dude, they killed it. I thought that was really good.

It was not easy to do what he was doing. What's it called? It's not the WWF, WWE, I think.

They, that's a publicly traded company. And so you could like, you can buy their stock and it's a killer business. They crush it.

Yeah, Vince McMahon is a, is kind of an unbelievable story in and of itself, but incredible athlete and a great crossover move. The Paul brothers continue to just not miss. So I think, you know, I think like Logan Paul, I think his podcast now, one of the most popular podcasts in the world.

And more importantly than like, oh, the Paul brothers did something and I got a bunch of views. Like that's not actually that view. That's a good podcast though.

But, but it's a good podcast and it's actual, it's actually entertaining content. It's actually like deeper content. They talked to all different types of people from like business people, musicians, porn stars.

They've had like all different types of people and they have like full on conversation. So then it's a rebrand, right? It's like basically taking this guy used to be a vine star making fart jokes.

And now you see, you know, a more mellow side and a more thoughtful side and all this other stuff. Um, that's not him. Uh, now I'm just watching WrestleMania, which is also good in its own way.

Look at him. He is yoked. Logan Paul's yoked.

Yeah. And as a kid, I remember watching this, look at him do all that shit. Dude, these guys are basically bodybuilders who have personalities.

They are so freaking big. They're, they're bodybuilders that are soap opera actors that also can do like also like Cirque de Soleil acrobats basically. Dude, they're unicorns.

He did like some crazy shit in this match. Anyways, people should go watch it. It's honestly impressive just to see the physical feat that he pulled off in this thing.

Um, so I thought that was impressive. And I also think it's a smart move for an influence. Like this was not what they've done with like going into celebrity boxing, deep podcasting, crypto, NFTs, Pokemon cards, and then going into, uh, like Jake has a venture fund.

Logan is going to WWE now and like building his character up there. They're talking about potentially doing a UFC fight. Like these guys have like these guys are winning, man.

They're winning at like a very high level. That is very impressive to me. Um, and you know, most people just write them off like they're idiots.

They're not idiots. These guys are awesome. The thing about Logan is I actually like I've been watching his podcast.

He like he's done a really good job of rebranding himself. He is. He still has a little bit, but he's mostly he's not like a douche.

He's not a bro. He's super thoughtful. He's, he seems like a really nice person.

He's the respectful one on the podcast. Yeah. He's just kind of goofball friends that are like a little more brash and annoying.

They can ask questions and like joke around about stuff, but he's the more reserved, almost like introverted, like thoughtful, mature person. 26, 25. He's not that old, but he like, he like gives advice.

Like, uh, he seems like he's just, it's, there's a lot of stuff there that's rooted in, in pretty good values. You could just tell that his brother, I don't pay attention to as much, but Logan, I definitely have been watching his stuff and he seems very, very, uh, like a good dude. Number four.

He's just watching mooc. He's just like, he's a good dude. No, he's just like a kid.

You could do brook. Certainly. CNM.

More. Yeah. I think he's again the best player, guys, but.

And they're here too. The mostclub thing in酒. In the case, I was really smart.

One indirect story and things like that is amazing. Got a huge design in debbie, right? Yeah, man.

Please. I've not. A great idea for him to help me.

Coach sai? Let's get a pendulum. Got a good dude.

I'm員.