There's this guy named Sam Ovens. You know, Sam Ovens, Sam Ovens. Yeah.

The very like slick back hair guy. Yeah. What's his thing?

Consulting.com. So he. All right.

So this guy named Sam Ovens, he rubbed me the wrong way for a long time. And looking back, I think I was actually wrong and he seemed like an all right guy. So he had this website called consulting.com, which if I had to put it at its worst, it was basically a course that was like $2,000 to $10,000 that taught you how to start a business.

At best, it's like it's an accelerator. And the reality is, it's just like a community and a course on starting a company. And he scaled it to like $30 million in revenue.

And it was just him and he hired all these people and built this office in New York. And he was posting on social that they're doing $50 million or $60 million in revenue. And then he vanished.

And he had a YouTube video come out today that says, and he just says, I'm back. He's like, for the past two years, I hated life. We scaled too quickly.

And so we were spending like $50K a day on Facebook ads and we weren't even making that much profit. So I decided to change everything. And over the last two years, we've crushed it.

He goes, for example, in January, this course, he goes, we got rid of like, there was three courses down. We only sell two or one. And last month in January, we made $800,000 in revenue and our expenses, which includes payroll and bought and paid ads was $60,000.

And so basically, this guy, and then he launched this new company called School, which is basically like a Facebook groups alternative. When he was launching courses, he was like, these think so that is a different story. That's actually cool.

But this course business, this guy has now basically let's just times it by 10. So 8 million in revenue with $600,000 in expenses. Is that nutty or what?

Is that crazy? Yeah, but it depends. Is that sustainable?

And also, is that going to grow? So for example, I know I don't think it's going to grow, but I think it's going to be sustainable. When I did the like all access passives, like I was making whatever 50 K a month off of the newsletter, a paid newsletter, making 50 K a month.

What were my expenses? It was like, you know, $300 a month for a convert kit, you know, like a VA for $500 a month, whatever. So look nutty, but like, that's because I had an audience.

So I could just sell into that. If I wanted to grow it, I would have had to like, you know, my expenses would have had to gone way up, right? You know, like, so it depends where, yeah, maybe his ad spend is really low now.

Is that because his ads are ultra efficient or is because he had a lot, a big list that he said that they don't, they don't spend ads anymore. But previously they had spent millions and tens of millions of dollars of ads. So the website definitely already has.

Yeah. Uh, traffic. Traffic.

Yeah. So yes, it's not like I talked to somebody who worked there, um, pretty early on. So I was like, is this guy legit?

They go, he's legit. He's good. Um, they're like, he, he lived in New Zealand or something like that.

He's a digital marketer. Uh, then he has consulting.com, which is basically like they had a course, they had a consulting accelerator and they're basically teaching people how to start their own business, their own consulting business. Uh, they said, they told me at the time that there was like $10 million of free, free cash flow a year.

And they said that, um, they, it was about 30 million or something in revenue. And he said like half of that. So like 15, 16 million was coming from one product, which was a two or $3,000 course about how to start your own consulting business.

And then from there, they upsell you into the $5,000 course about how to create a course. And then, uh, once you get to $500,000 in consulting revenue, then you get to join a mastermind that will help you get to a million dollars plus, and that'll cost you 25 or 50 grand or something like that. And so that was their, you know, that was their model.

But you know, half of it was coming from that kind of like entry level two to $3,000 course, um, where they like kind of sell you, close you on the phone to like get you to buy the course, which is, yeah, I went through the funnel to like, so I got them to sell me online or to do the phone call. And I was like, I want to, I want to figure this out. And it's pretty good, man.

And I gave the guy a hard time because he's just kind of weird. He just comes off serial kill. He kind of Patrick Bateman.

He's kind of like the Patrick Bateman of our, of our friend Jack Smith, like the American psycho version of our friend Jack Smith. And so he's like, just like a little off, but that's actually really incorrect of me to say, because I don't, I think he's just an oddball, which is totally acceptable. Yeah.

And I don't know him. And I think that my judgment is just totally wrong. I think he's an all right guy.

You're like, I think it's wrong because it's all based on his haircut. No, I watched a lot of this guy's videos and I was like, something is off here. And I, he was, he was aggressively selling.

He is, it was the type of guy where he's selling like a private jet, uh, like a video on a private jet. Right. So that's not wrong, but it's, it's, it's, you know, your cousins with the wrong.

Um, and so I think that, that it was just kind of odd.