Like, is this going to be the end of San Francisco being like the place? And what's going, what's, what's, what's the world like in Austin right now? Crazy.

Everything's crazy. I don't think it's as bad as San Francisco, but the world is crazy. I, I decided to, we got a new office down here.

And so I rented a house to see everyone. And it's cool. Austin's a great city.

What do you think is going to happen to San Francisco? Do you think it's going to like, is this going to be the end of San Francisco being like the place? I think so.

Yeah. I think so for a couple of reasons. You know, right now I'm selling my house.

Yeah. I was going to say your, your house looks different. You're decorating it to sell, aren't you?

Yeah, I am. I am trying to sell my house right now. So it's about to go up for sale.

And I'm trying to move to the, to the suburbs of the Bay area. But, and so right now, because I'm doing that, I'm in the middle of the market and listening to people and hearing, you know, what are they, what's it like? Am I, is the market hot to sell?

Am I going to get a good price? When I try to go look for something else? Is there a lot of stuff available or is it a bidding war?

And you know, just like you would expect, there's sort of a, you know, a flight to the, a flight to space right now. And not like the SpaceX account. I'm talking about like physical house space.

People are leaving. Deurbanization. Deurbanization.

Yeah. Deurbanization. People are leaving cities.

They're leaving San Francisco for sure. So a lot of people who are in San Francisco are here because of the career opportunities. And now that the tech companies are saying, you know, either we are already remote or we're going remote or way more remote friendly.

Deurbanization. And you're working from home for the sort of foreseeable future. There's basically no premium, the extreme premium.

I mean, like one bedroom for four grand a month, two bedroom, six grand a month, you know, type of rents to be in the city. And so like, you know, when a, when a studio condo is a million dollars in the city, you know, if you don't have to pay that, you're not going to. And so people want space, people want more affordability and people want to be away from like a whole bunch of other people from this virus.

And so that is driving a lot of people out of the cities. Now, some people say, Oh, that's just temporary. Personally.

I don't think so. I don't think you can put the genie back in the bottle. Once the companies start letting you be remote, it doesn't matter where you're physically located.

Why would you live in a more expensive area? Only if that lifestyle really appeals to you, which it will for like 20 something year olds, right. To be in cities.

But right now you get the 20 something year olds and the 30 something year olds, because the 30 something year olds are there for their career. And that's going to go away. I feel like I've been in Austin for a week now.

I'm going to stay for another week. Maybe I'll stay one more week down here. It is definitely happier.

Like the way of life is like it. I, for me and for many others, I understand why you'd be happier here. Like dude, my new house.

I got, I got a pool. I'm like a swimming pool. Like what is this?

This is amazing. That makes me happy. Just looking at the swimming pool.

I like it too. My thing though, is I miss San Francisco. I want to come back.

I do miss a little bit of a struggle. Um, I also miss the people, uh, like I hate the people and I love dangerous. San Francisco has like actual, you know, real problems with crime and homelessness and stuff like that.

I don't think anybody wants that and where they're living. And so I think, you know, there's part of it. That's the energy of a city.

It's like, Oh, I love being in New York. I love being in San Francisco. I'm around all these energizing, interesting, ambitious people, a bunch of single people.

But then there's just like crime and homelessness and like extreme expenses that put a burden on you. And I think that's, nobody likes that. I almost feel like, and not a real way, but just because I can't think of a better word, a little homeless where I'm like, well, where the fuck is my place now?

Like, where's my, like, you know, cause I'm, yeah, you and I, we're not quite similar. You've done it more than I have, but me to a lesser extent of lived in many different cities. And I finally felt like I had a home in San Francisco.

And now I'm like, shit. Like, it's way, like, it's way, like, damn, it's way different. And so I'm, I'm pretty sad about it, to be honest.

Like, I've been like depressed over it. I'm also sad, obviously, about all the other shits going on.