James Reviewer Hi everybody. My name's James. I started a coffee roasting company in 2002.

I was thinking while I was back in the green room that in 2002, what percentage of the audience in 2002 was waiting for their mom to pick them up at soccer practice? Is that 80% maybe? Anyway, I was a grown-up in 2002.

I didn't have a great inspired idea what to call my company, so there was an interesting and maybe apocryphal side note in the history of European coffee. There's a heroic and romantic story of the founding of Central Europe's first coffee house in 1683. So, always a sucker for the heroic and the romantic.

I named my company after Zer Blauen Flaschen. But in English... Hello, Peanut.

My three-year-old just blew me a kiss. Sorry. Where was I?

So, I called it the Blue Bottle. That's the logo up there. So, a little bit about me.

On paper, my qualifications, I think, are particularly, maybe spectacularly or supremely unsuitable for a career in retail entrepreneurship. I have a bachelor's degree in philosophy and a master's degree in clarinet performance. Thank you very much.

In my script, I have, after that, I have pause for snickering. So, I'm glad I wrote that. I didn't just go right into it.

So, which means I don't have the usual things that... which usually cause somebody to be up here talking to you. I don't have a degree in engineering or an MBA.

I didn't work for a VC company or a place like McKinsey where they know everything. Or basically any prior knowledge of the world of commerce. What I had was a reflexive desire for something that I could understand, a model of commerce that even I could understand.

And so, I had to create a very simple business. Fortunately, I was a farmer's market shopper. And that was a model of commerce that I could understand.

It's quite simple. If you haven't been to a farmer's market, what you do is there's, like, people that have stuff that they've made, and you give them money for that stuff. They give you the thing that they've made.

And then you repeat it the next week. And even I could understand that. So, in 2002, I had two credit cards.

The limits were not very high. And I had around $20,000 in savings, which seemed like all the money in the world. And I signed a lease.

In your materials it says 86 square feet. It was actually 186 square feet. So I signed a lease in a very small coffee roasting space, about that big.

I bought a used roaster for $5,000, and then went to work in farmer's markets. And now, after successful rounds of funding, led by the likes of True Ventures, Index Ventures, Google Ventures, Fidelity, we have, Blue Bottle has 60 or so, not quite 60 cafes in the US and Japan. And last October, there we sold a controlling interest in Blue Bottle, to the largest food company in the world, which is Nestle.

So, I wasn't sure what kind of reaction I was going to get, actually, after that. I have, anyway, I won't tell you what my notes were in the script after that. So, I came to coffee as a hobbyist.

I used to roast coffee very crudely in a perforated baking sheet in my oven, my home oven, and it would fill the apartment with smoke. But, you know, but it was very interesting. At those times, in the late 90s, there was literally no place I could go in San Francisco to get a bag of coffee with a roast date stamped on it.

And this idea of coffee freshness was something I thought was blindingly obvious and simultaneously widely overlooked. So, this idea that, let's see if I hit the right button. Oh, Marcel Proust.

That's when I started. That's the idea that was basically the premise of Blue Bottle Coffee Company. Coffee is fresh food.

After roasting, coffee's flavors develop, they mature, they get to this peak of freshness, and then begins the inevitable decline. That's depressing and familiar. But, in the late 90s, you know, as I said, I couldn't find anybody who were talking about this idea of coffee being a fresh food.

So, and this was also at the time before the internet was taking the joy out of these personal discoveries. So, I thought this idea belonged to me and to me alone. So, this idea that coffee is a fresh food is basically the premise, the foundational idea, the business plan, you could say, of Blue Bottle.

And so, how did this inform the decision subsequently that I took to make Blue Bottle Coffee a bigger thing? So, having the idea of coffee being fresh food led me to be very protective of this thing, this thing called coffee. It seemed very simple.

I wanted to know that coffee was this evanescent, fragile, delicious, and special thing that didn't need heavy roasting, it didn't need flavors. So, when we opened our first kiosk in Hayes Valley in 2005 on Linden Street, I didn't realize that the protective gestures I made around this product were very unusual for that time. I was just doing what I thought I had to do.

So, no sizes, no flavors, every drink ground and prepared to order, every milk drink steamed to order. I was interested in a very pure experience of coffee, as pure as I could get. And at the time, the number of cafes that were doing that in California was exactly zero.

So, once that became... Oh, also, with the kiosk, architecturally, I could only afford this little space in a garage. So, having that simplification imposed on me, I was able to avoid the tropes of cafe design at that time.

So, comfy couches, messy couches, bulletin boards, like all kind of the messy tropes of cafe design in the late 90s. I didn't have the money to do it. So, it let me be very simple.

And people really responded. Except for one thing. This notion of being protective of the product led to some unfortunate experiences for our guests, who weren't as invested in coffee as we were.

So, being protective led to some bad experiences, unfortunately. This isn't from one of our cafes. This is widely shared on the internet.

A list of rules that people were asked to... Guests were asked to observe at a cafe in Memphis, I think. So, fortunately, in 2008, Gramercy Tavern asked us to provide coffee for the restaurant.

Gramercy Tavern is kind of at the pinnacle of New York City dining. And it was known for its deeply entrenched culture of graciousness. I spent about a week there, and the realization came to me that our product wasn't coffee exactly.

Our product was the way a guest felt while they were drinking our coffee in our cafes. That was our product. And once that became clear to me, it freed me to really delve into the mechanics of pleasure as it relates to coffee.

And that's when Blue Bottle, fortunately, was starting to grow quite a bit at that time. We were adding cafes, and I was hiring a lot of employees. So I needed a way to encapsulate this idea of coffee being an experience, this pleasure being an experience, not just this absolute notion of what's in the cup.

So, around that time I was asked to come up with a mission statement, and that I failed at. I wasn't able to provide a mission statement. And as I was walking to the meeting to apologize for not producing this mission statement, I realized that I didn't need a mission statement.

I needed three words. Three words that encapsulated what I wanted to do. And that was deliciousness, hospitality, and sustainability.

So, those three words kind of ran Blue Bottle for the next 10 or 12 years. And because of the purity of those three words, the simplicity, anytime we told an employee those three words, they would remember it right off the bat. We didn't need a lot of materials.

And it was a way of having a conversation with the people we were working with, so we could prioritize this experience based on those three things. And every new cafe was then an opportunity to see how much could be stripped away to showcase those three words. I realized that the more unnecessary distractions could be stripped away, what remained would be more memorable.

So, for the last 10 years or so, the purpose of our approach to cafe design was a subtractive one, to remove obstacles from a primary experience that we needed our guests to have. And that primary experience was this. And that's only that.

A delicious coffee served by a hospitable coffee professional. And we could train for that. We could strip away everything so that was the only thing that remained.

Or we could try. Everything else was a distraction. So, we built cafes for a few years, raised some money, built some more cafes.

And then I was worried about one part of our business which was starting to seem like a distraction. One of the dirty little secrets of the specialty coffee industry is that the vast majority of roaster retailers' revenue is in wholesale coffee. And wholesale coffee means when you sell beans, not to a guest in a cafe that you own and operate, you sell beans to a restaurateur or a cafe operator and have them make the drinks for your guests.

You can't have the same amount of control. So, a few years ago I was walking past a cafe and across the street was a wholesale account of that roaster retailer. And they said proudly serving, as wholesale accounts do.

And then they mentioned the roaster retailer's name and everything was fine. It looked fine except they'd misspelled the roaster retailer's name. And I realized that was the essential problem of the wholesale coffee business is that you can't force somebody to care.

And if they weren't willing to care, it showed in the cup and we got the blame. So, a few years ago we made the very difficult decision to walk away from 30% of our revenue. And here I have in my script pause for gasps.

I didn't hear enough gasps I think. There, I did that. So, you know, why did we do that?

Because if we really believed in our product, that meant we wanted to take responsibility for it. If we really wanted to simplify the experience and make it crystal clear whose responsibility it was, we had to take responsibility for our own coffees being served in our own cafe. So, and wholesale became an obstacle for our guests' enjoyment and a distraction for our business.

And that was a moment which kind of crystallized an intuition into a thought and the thought goes, I think something like this. Building value and building revenue are two very different things. This is me realizing this after the fact.

But there at many points at Blue Bottle Coffee I've made decisions just intuitively that have been not about building revenue. They've been more about building value of Blue Bottle and walking away from wholesale was definitely one of those. A few other decisions like that that we made.

Oh, building revenue is additive. You're sort of in search of these new sources. But building value is subtractive in my opinion.

You're getting rid of things. You're jettisoning things that aren't important. So, what remains becomes much more important.

It becomes the singular focus in my mind and our guests' mind. So, a few more things about how we were able to think subtractively in that way in order to build value is when we offered... That's the right, the wrong order.

But we built some expensive pastry kitchens and instead of using wholesale baked goods... And if we would have used wholesale baked goods that meant we could have built revenue faster because we weren't investing in kitchens. But we took responsibility for our products and we built some kitchens and we made some really delicious cookies.

We made a decision to shorten the shelf life on our bottled product. It made it much more delicious. We could have sold more.

We could have gotten more revenue if it sat on store shelves longer. But we chose to make it more delicious. And that actually ended up making a lot more attention for us.

And then lastly, we avoided joint venture partners. We avoided licenses when we moved to Japan and opened a few years ago. And because we got to make our own decisions, we didn't have a licensed partner telling us what we should or should not do.

And we made some kind of very strange decisions about real estate and ignored a lot of people's advice about how to change our offerings in Tokyo. And that ended up... I don't know if you can tell on that slide, but it was very busy for opening.

It was really busy. And it's still quite busy and we're opening a lot of cafes, wholly owned by Blue Bottle Coffee now. And it's been more successful than a...

And just more interesting than a more bloodless relationship with a JV partnership could have been. So... Taking things away, subtracting, being more essentialist has worked really well for me in Blue Bottle Coffee over the last 16 years.

Because it's helped me stay focused on the things that remain. What remains is, by definition, what's most important. But I've always had anxieties about the future.

So my central anxiety about the future of Blue Bottle today has basically always been my anxiety about Blue Bottle. Which is, are we going to be able to carve away the things which should not be there and continue to improve? Am I going to be able to improve in my ability to imagine cafes and coffee and the pleasure that can be had out of both?

And I find myself more and more apprehensive in that, in the pursuit of scale. My will to work on these mysteries and the problems I've been fascinated by for 16 years has been eaten away by my own increasing comfort. And the knife edge of my intellect and desire for improvement has been dulled by success and habit.

So... I take some consolation in a passage by that connoisseur of anxiety, Soren Kierkegaard, and I apply the idea of vertiginous freedom to my anxious thoughts, much in the way that Bactine is applied to an open wound. So thank you very much everybody, enjoy your beer.

Thank you. Thank you.