Hi guys, kind of hard to follow that one, but we're going to actually change the pace a little bit. I'm June, I work at Manduka, which is a yoga company, actually, and we're going to do a little bit of yoga right now. So I want everyone to sit and close your eyes, if it's okay.

If you're not comfortable, it's okay. You can leave them open. You can place your right hand on your chest and left hand on your stomach.

Again, if you don't feel comfortable, you can leave them however you'd like. And we're just going to take this moment for ourselves. We'll take a deep breath in and exhale.

Another deep breath in. This time, exhale with your mouth. And some of you are doing it already.

We're going to inhale and then exhale so that it's audible. All right. So I think you guys are maybe now ready for my story.

So I had a really difficult time actually preparing for this because I was trying to avoid the stereotypical, oh, I live in a patriarchal society or like, oh, I'm an immigrant and I moved from wherever. But you know when you tell yourself not to think about certain things, that's all you think about. So those are exactly the two things I'm going to talk about today.

And I don't really have a cool aha moment where it struck and where I was like, you know what, this is where I got my life figured out. And the truth is I'm still trying to figure it out. And I think many of us still are.

And so my story is going to be more about how I got here and how it's okay to be lost and how it's okay to wander. So I was born in Seoul. And yes, it's a, well, still is, but at the time was very male dominant.

And my mom stayed at home and my dad worked. So as you can see, it's a very patriarchal society. And my parents did a good job, though, of trying to raise me a very independent, strong woman.

And so instead of joining Girl Scout, I was a space explorer. When other people were doing dance or whatnot, I played chess. I was really into math and science.

I was a pretty nerdy kid. And when I was nine, my family decided that we were going to move to Arcadia. Which is about 20-ish miles northeast of here.

So I moved here and thinking, oh, this is so great. Land of equality, land of freedom. You know, I get to be, I get to be like one of the boys, whatever.

And so I get here. And one of the first experiences I have, I decided that I wanted to join Little League. I'm a huge baseball fan.

And I was going to be a MLB pitcher when I grew up. So I, yeah, I just moved here. There was a little booth in front of a grocery store.

And I walked up and said, I'm going to join Little League. They're like, you are not joining Little League. And I said, why not?

And they're like, well, girls play softball here. And I said, what's softball? I only watch baseball.

And for two days straight, I cried because they didn't let me join Little League. So it was a very disappointing moment. I moved here thinking that, you know, everything was going to be great.

And then I got turned down, can't play baseball. So that kind of made me work even harder to compete with the boys and be one of them. At one point, I even had a bowl cut glasses and was a total tomboy.

I was a late bloomer. And so that path continued on. When my friends were joining dance or drill team, I tried out to be drum major of a marching band.

And, yeah, actually, I did that for many years. Still teach marching band. And I finally got, I told you I was a late bloomer.

I finally got to college. And I was like, you know what? I don't think people like me.

You know, I saw all these pretty girls in sororities. And I was like, oh, wait, maybe I want to be one of, like, you know, one of them. And that's what I did.

I stopped really caring about my academic work. I stopped. Yep.

I stopped. I actually quit marching band. And I said I was going to be in the sorority.

And it was a great experience. I met one of my best friends who's here tonight here. And so I'm not saying that joining a sorority is a bad thing.

But it's just it took my focus off of many things that were important to me. And I really only cared about my appearance and how I looked and if I was liked. And when I graduated from college, I was really lost.

Because everything that I had focused on before, I kind of threw out the door. And so I started practicing yoga, trying to find clarity, trying to find the meaning of life. And what am I going to do next?

So I'm in a yoga studio and practicing and not finding clarity, not peaceful at all. But I keep seeing these little red frogs on everyone's mats. I'm like, what is going on?

What are these red frogs? So I Google and said, what is this brand called Manduka? And I found out it's a little yoga company that's based in Al Segundo.

And I was like, you know what? I don't know what I'm going to do with my life anyway. What the heck?

I'm going to apply for a job here. So I applied for a job. That was seven, eight years ago almost.

And I interviewed with the CEO at the time, Sky Meltzer. And I said, hey, would love to join your company. I started doing yoga.

I'm a big fan of your brand. And I'm looking for a part-time role. I don't really know what I'm going to do.

And he said, June, you're not going to work part-time here. You're going to work full-time. And I know exactly what you're going to do.

And at the time, they didn't have an international division. So he decided that for whatever reason, I would be a good fit for the role. And because of his trust and confidence in me, it really instilled this accountability and responsibility.

And I said, you know what? I'm going to make this happen. And so I did.

And so for the next seven and a half years and even to this afternoon, I've been busting my butt and trying to make this international business for Manduka happen. And meanwhile, I had really great mentors, female mentors. Actually, our president now at the moment is also a female who have guided me along the way.

And it's motivated me to get my MBA. It's motivated me to find a couple different companies on my own on the side, one of them, which is a nonprofit, and another consulting business. And so the moral of my story is it's okay to be lost.

It's okay to try out different things. But don't ever focus on what people perceive of you or what you feel like you have to be because of what society tells you. It's okay to be lost.

Try it out. But keep finding yourself. Keep searching.

And it'll work out. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.