But is that a fair is that a fair characterization of you? I feel like actually in general, I've spent hours brainstorming with you before. I feel like for you to get excited about building something, it's got to start with some emotion, like either you think of something that makes you laugh and then you're just giggling.

And but you're serious about it once you start laughing or it's something like really sad story. And you're like, OK, this is an injustice in the world. I want to go solve.

But is that a fair is that a fair characterization of you? Yeah, I mean, I do like things that kind of go viral. And like for me, you probably need a haircut.

I mean, I was I told my girlfriend, I was like, I'm 100 percent sure this is going to go viral. And she's like, well, how do you know? How do you know?

And I was like, well, like the name and and kind of, you know, where we're at. And it was the timing like you just seed it with a couple of journalists and, you know, throw it up on product hunt. And like before you know it, like, I don't know, we probably had one hundred and fifty thousand uniques in the first twenty four hours.

How many actual haircuts? Probably more, probably over a thousand at this point. Yeah.

Yeah, definitely. Actually, more than we have one stylist who did two hundred. So, yeah.

Any public speaking thing where they're like, hey, can you send me like your bio? This absolutely needs to be the first thing, you know, I, you know, conducted over. I'm responsible for over a hundred thousand haircuts.

And the crazy thing is that people like actually look good. Like, I know the crazy thing is you don't have a haircut right now. You're growing it out.

The great try booking a haircut like this weekend. You can't. The site is busy.

You know, I'm an entrepreneur. I'm out here. I got to say I got to make it happen for the people.

I love it. There's a reason I have this hat on because, you know, your boy butchered himself with his own 2 a.m. haircut, with his own clippers without using your website.

And you can't see my hair. So that's why. The closer conehead.

Good season. Good season. Good season.

I just won't be on that one yet. Good season. Good season.

I feel that way for you. Good season. Yeah.

Hard day. Jeb. I feel that way for you.

Yeah. Good season. I feel good right now.

I'm just going to show you on my knight. I can't see it chainsawattly, but I am going down to show you.