What's happening everyone? We're gonna do something similar last time and we're at the Sampar. Tweet at me as we go and I'll try to get those questions asked.

But, so earlier today we had Jake from Movement, which was about a five-year-old company that was entirely bootstrapped. And now we decided to be exciting to get the exact opposite of that. About a five-year-old company that is not bootstrapped, has raised a lot of money and tried to take on a big market.

So today we have Max Mullen from Instacart. He's the co-founder of Instacart. And he's gonna tell us a little bit about the story.

So Max, I know Lindsey said you guys are worth four avocados. Those are some big avocados. Yes.

So you're worth $4 billion. Tell us a little bit about Instacart so everyone knows what it is and kind of where you guys are now. Yeah, absolutely.

So if you don't know about Instacart, we're an on-demand grocery delivery service. So you pick your favorite local grocery store. You choose the items that you want delivered and we'll deliver them in as little as an hour.

And we started off doing this in San Francisco here in the Bay Area. And now we do it in over 200 cities in the U.S. and Canada.

We partner with over 240 retailers in those areas. And we have a team consisting of about 500 people in our ten corporate offices and tens of thousands of shoppers who actually do the shopping and delivery of the groceries in the field. And I think I heard some stat that you guys have been in 65 million households, something like that?

Yeah, so we have expanded geographically, which is a whole kind of task in and of itself. And the zip codes that we are live in now today represent about 65 million American households, which is most people in America. Wow.

All right. Well, when we first started the conference earlier this morning, I was talking, I actually referenced you. I said how HustleCon, the idea here is that you can make your dreams become reality.

And I thought that when you and I talked a couple weeks ago, one thing that was interesting is that before Instacart, well, Instacart has kind of been a smash success in that you guys have only been around for six or so years, five years, and you've done amazing things. But before that, you were not really doing so hot. Can you tell everyone about what you were doing before Instacart and where you were then?

Yeah, so Instacart is the second company that I founded. And the first company was called Volley. I started in Los Angeles in 2010, and we built a mobile app, a few different versions of that, that connected people socially that had a location component and it had messaging in them.

And we started that company because we just thought it was a really good idea. And we pitched that idea to our friends, we pitched it at a hackathon, and we won that hackathon. And so all this validation was kind of flowing at us that we should do this.

So we did it. We built the first version of the product. Kind of didn't really know very much about what we were doing, frankly, but we built a version of the product and we launched it and sort of nothing happened.

Including people who were friends of mine who said they wanted us to build it, we gave it to them and they didn't use it. And so the first lesson I took away from that is there's a difference between asking someone if they'll use something and putting something in front of them and actually seeing what they do or whether they'll pay for something. And what happened with that company?

We iterated several more times and kind of realized we really weren't that passionate about the particular problem we were solving, which was another huge lesson from my first company. And we were aqua hired by a company here in the Bay Area. And then a year or two later, that brings us to Instacart.

We have a photo, it looks like, is this your first office? Yeah, that's a picture of our first office in South Park in San Francisco. It just looks like a big closet.

It kind of was a big closet. It's one room. That's our second office is across the street from there.

And it's 750 square feet or so. And I genuinely looked at that room when we first moved in there and we put four IKEA desks. I built them with my co-founders.

And we set up shop and, like, it wasn't full. And I was like, man, it's so empty in here. Are we ever going to fill this place up?

I mean, and now we have 60,000 square foot in San Francisco and nine other offices across the country. That's crazy. Pretty crazy.

So tell me about the first year starting from day zero to, you know, about six, 12 months into what happened after that. Yeah. So the first year of the company was really interesting.

And I think it's a little bit different than some startups. My co-founder had already coded a lot of the app. And so we were kind of launched from day one.

And we were taking orders from customers and we would fulfill those orders and we would get better and better at doing that. I would ask them, you know, what to do differently. And they would tell us all kinds of features that they wanted.

And we would try to build those features. And it would work a lot on growth. And so in working on growth, we would try just anything.

Anything we could possibly do to get people to try Instacart for the first time. So one thing we did is we bought a bunch of ice cream sandwiches and coolers and we hired people from Craigslist to deliver ice cream sandwiches to people if they would place an Instacart order. Like go to offices.

And this failed miserably because people would take the ice cream and then do nothing. Another thing we did is we bought, like, traditional advertising. We bought ads on, like, buses or this is an ad on the Chicago transit system.

Instacart, a grocery store on your phone, Instacart.com. And we tried to see who would go to our website when these ads were running. And, like, nobody did.

I think we got, like, six orders from this ad. How much was that? Thousands of dollars.

So it would have been a better way to spend money if we just give people money in order to order. That would have been a way better idea. But we continued trying different ideas.

And that's the important part of the story. And we eventually found a few that really did work. The first one was giving away delivery for free, which we did for a very long time.

And another one we did was we created a referral program. So if you are a customer of Instacart and you send a link to your friend, you can give them $10 of free groceries. And if they accept it, you get $10 of free groceries.

And we found that people really wanted to share Instacart and they were proud of being a customer. And giving them a little bit of an incentive and a little bit of a nudge to do it would mean that they would do it. And that customer acquisition strategy is still one of our top performing channels.

And you are not technical at all, correct? I wouldn't say I'm not technical, but I'm not an engineer and I do not do software development full time. And so what was your first, the first 10 or 20 team hires?

Well, so my two co-founders were both engineers. And we hired almost all engineers in the beginning of the company. And we got very, very lucky.

We hired some really talented individuals who stuck with the company for four or five years. Many of them are still there. So almost all engineering.

So what were you doing? I was doing everything else. I was doing all the design work.

I was doing all the product management work. I was taking out the trash. I was ordering dinner.

I was hiring people. I was doing all the customer service at one point in the company. And I was sort of just filling in wherever I could to do whatever I could possibly do at any given moment to move the company forward.

At this point, you guys hired 20 people by the end of year one? We were about 14 people after a little bit more than a year. And you're not profitable.

You'd raised some venture capital? Yeah, we'd raised the seed round. And were you running out by the end of the year?

We were always running out of money when you raised VC, right? And that's why you're always in the mode of fundraising. But we weren't running out of money, but we weren't yet in a groove where we had any assurances that we were going to be growing as fast as we are today.

So one thing that I think is interesting, so everyone knows this, that I'm not technical. My co-founder actually is. And you said that you were doing everything.

I do that too. I take out the trash, just clean, just literally anything. But you also did one thing that was super interesting involving Trader Joe's.

So one interesting thing about Instacart, which I'm sure you could talk about, is you guys have, like, right now you work with a lot of these grocery stores to put their groceries on Instacart and you could order. But early on, that wasn't the case. And so you actually were in charge of getting a lot of the inventory on the website, right?

Yeah, so we did not spend a lot of time in the grocery industry before we started this company. And so we did not understand just how important it is where people's groceries come from. We just thought that we would get them from the closest store.

And so in the early days of the company, we did not have partnerships with grocery stores. We would just go into the store and shop like a regular customer. And that was cool because we could do it immediately.

We didn't have to ask for permission to do that. But what was bad about that was that we didn't have good information on what the store actually carried. And so when customers came to us and said, we want you to work with other stores other than the ones you already have, we had to get creative in order to get that catalog information.

So back in the early days of the company, at one point, we started going into Trader Joe's and trying to write down all the information of all the items in the store and take pictures of everything so that we could build a website, right? And they would say, what are you doing? And I would say, oh, nothing.

And they would say, get out of our store. So I got kicked out of there a few times. And eventually we came back in and we thought of a better idea.

And we said to the store manager, like, hey, my name is Max. I'm here to buy one of everything in your store. And they said, you're going to do what with what?

And I said, I'm going to buy one of everything in your entire store right now. Open a check stand for us for the day. And they did.

And we did. And we bought one of everything in the entire store. We took pictures of all of it over the course of three days.

It takes three days to take 3,000 pictures. And we had a catalog after that. How much does it cost to buy an entire Trader Joe's?

It costs $22,000. And so you told me that, like, you and your girlfriend, I think, you basically, over Christmas break, this was your Christmas break project. Yeah, in 2012.

So you literally just went and bought one of everything. And how many stores did you? So basically, Instacart, like, I mean, you guys, this is, you just were kind of doing whatever the hell you wanted at the time.

I mean, you're just like, look, we need to get inventory on there. And you really just kind of took it in your own hands. Well, the way I would say that, Sam, is the customers wanted something.

And we wanted to deliver it. And so we would go out of our way to make that happen no matter what it took. That's a lot better.

Yeah. That's a lot better. Yes.

Yeah. So we were sitting there in a room, writing down the name of every single item and the price and the aisle in a spreadsheet with my girlfriend, now my wife, and my roommate for three days. That's amazing.

So we're going to talk about the raising money versus bootstrapping soon. But before we get there, one of the ways, like getting customers for you guys, it's a little bit different than a lot of other products because everyone needs groceries. So there's going to be users out there who want their groceries delivered.

I mean, it's quite obvious that that demand is there, right? Yep. But the hard part for then you guys is getting partners so you don't have to go and take photos of everything at Whole Foods.

That's one of the hard parts. Yeah. That's one of many hard parts.

Can you explain how a 14-person company that, you know, isn't well known and has never worked in the grocery industry, how you're able to get meetings with a lot of these big companies? Because that seems like the key of making this business work. Yeah.

First, we got incredibly lucky. Second, we hired someone named Neelam, who's our chief business officer, who's amazing at business development. But I think even before Neelam joined the company, the strategy we took was we obviously weren't going to get a meeting with Safeway if we just walked into their office in Pleasanton, California, as a 14-person company.

But we could get a meeting with our local grocery store with one or two locations. And so we went to Rainbow Grocery and we went to Buy Right Market and the Mission, and we sat down with the founders of those companies and we said, here's what we're all about. Here's what we do.

Here's how we think it could work for you to expand your business. And they agreed. And so we made partnerships with some of the smaller stores.

And then slowly but surely, the larger stores took notice of what we were doing and thought it was really interesting. And then they would start to reach out to us. And you guys just kept doing that for multiple...

Yeah, until we had a really sophisticated and large business development team across the country. And now that team runs those relationships and takes those meetings. Got it.

Okay. I want to talk about the raising versus bootstrapping thing. And I'm getting a lot of tweets about it now.

And let's start from the very beginning of even getting money because someone's asking me about... I mean, some of the largest... Some of the largest failures during the dot-com boom were...

I believe it was grocery deliveries, right? Web band? Yep.

Yep. How were you able to convince investors early on that this was an idea worth funding? Yeah, that's a great question.

And we tried very hard to make it clear that what we were doing was different than the way that companies had approached grocery delivery before. In fact, we had a line in our pitch that said something like, there have been spectacular failures in this market before, but Instacart is different. And that was like the opening line of our pitch because we knew it was such an elephant in the room.

And so we approached it like that. Most investors frankly turned us down for our seed round because of that reason. But eventually we found a partnership with Sequoia Capital, which is a great venture capital firm here.

And they had invested in Web Van and they had seen what you just said, Sam, which is that the demand would be there if a company could come along with a smarter way of doing it that would have good unit economics. And so the conversation with Sequoia was very different and they decided to partner with us and they funded us in our Series A. And I think your guys' I mean, I don't think it would even have been possible to bootstrap a company like this.

You know, it's a marketplace. And in marketplaces, it's very well known that you have to build supply and demand at the same time. You have to build a lot of density in each geography.

And you also ideally want to be the biggest marketplace so that both all the parts of the marketplace get the most value from each other. And so our strategy has always been to grow and to be large. And I think there could be other ways to do it, but our strategy has been to raise money to support our growth.

And then another thing about marketplaces is ideally you want to be you need to get there very quickly. So I don't remember exactly when Amazon has launched their competitor to you guys. And I know that there are already other competitors in different markets.

You may be the biggest in San Francisco, but for many people who fly in, flew in here, they might have their own version. Did you feel, do you think that you had to raise money in order to get big very quickly? I mean, how much pressure was it on you to do everything with speed?

We have a culture of having a high sense of urgency in general, first of all. So we have a value. We have five company values, and one of them is called Every Minute Counts, which is partially about speed.

And I think it was important to us that we expanded outside of San Francisco quickly because we wanted to show people that the model would work in other places. And then once we were in like the top 15 or 20 cities, we wanted to expand outward in those cities to show people that would work in suburbs as well. Because to be the biggest grocery delivery marketplace by far, which we are, by the way, in America, big time, you have to have the most coverage of anyone.

And so we needed to raise money in order to cover more people faster. And then comparing you guys to movement, one thing that they've been able to do, I think for a while, is kind of be a little bit below the radar. Because raising money is oftentimes in the tech community, it's a huge event.

And it's like, okay, well, if these folks are raising money, then this business, like maybe it's a signal that something big is going on here. But I guess where I was going with this was, I don't know how I was phrasing this, but anyway, I wanted to hear about like near death moments and how if just because you raised all this money, does that mean that you've been able to avoid some of these near death moments? And how has that impacted how you do business?

I mean, I know what Jake was saying, he's like, every month we had to make a profit. Yeah. You guys, you have a little bit of leeway there, but are there still these near death moments?

You know, so earlier in the company when we had raised a lot less money, there was a time where we were growing very fast. And then because of a retail relationship went sour, we lost almost half of our business overnight. And that was really difficult because all the metrics in the company are set up for hockey stick growth.

And then suddenly to go completely down in the opposite direction immediately was really, really hard. Luckily for us, we had raised enough money that that wasn't going to mean that we weren't going to be able to make payroll or something like that. So I feel very fortunate and lucky that we have been able to be good at fundraising as a company to time the markets well.

And, you know, and now having raised over, you know, a billion dollars to have a war chest of money that we can use to invest in our business, build new products and handle anything that comes our way. There's a lot of folks out here who have small businesses and they're thinking to themselves, should I keep doing what I'm doing or should I raise money? When someone asks you what's your opinion, typically, how do you have like a framework that you tell people how you should think about this?

Yeah, it's a really difficult question to answer without knowing more because you shouldn't raise money if you're starting a company for the wrong reason. And you shouldn't raise money with the intention of using it for the wrong things, right? So what I'm talking about is scaling too fast.

And I think it's a great time to raise money when you have a really clear idea of what you're building and really good signs that customers want that thing. And where you couldn't build the business without raising the money. Great.

I'm getting a lot of questions from you guys. That's great. I'm going to start kind of peeking through them.

One thing that people have repeatedly asked is everyone is using the word Amazon. They're saying... What?

Yeah. They're saying lots of questions about how do you... What are you going to do with Amazon buying Whole Foods and how is that going to impact you?

Or how are you going to beat Amazon? Earlier today when I mentioned... I said I mentioned you when we were starting the company...

Or starting the conference. I said how you guys are competing quite nicely with one of the top five largest companies in the whole world. And so I'm still getting a lot of tweets about that.

Can you talk a little bit about how it is to compete with someone like Amazon? Yeah. You know, so it's been a year since Amazon bought Whole Foods.

And we're still around. And we're thriving. The grocery industry has gone through a tremendous amount of change.

And this is just one of the great signs of the change there. And what it has meant for us as a company that's designed to partner with and help retailers come online, it's meant a tremendous opportunity. We've deepened and broadened our partnerships with all the grocers we work with in the last year.

And we've signed a bunch of new grocery partners. So the industry dynamics are actually in our favor. And moreover, the customer demand grows and grows every year.

Right? People are getting more and more used to and excited about pushing a button and getting their groceries delivered in an hour. And so that's been good for us.

So do you think that you guys can both win? I think that it's a very, very large market. It's a $700 billion market just for grocery sales in the U.S.

And we do things even beyond just delivering groceries. Right? We work with pet stores and we work with Sur La Table, which is a store that sells kitchen supplies.

Right? So the market is even bigger than that. And so I think with that amount of space and a growing market, there's plenty of room.

So you guys, you've told me before how you have a really great board of directors and how they've helped you. But one thing that when you do raise a billion dollars, that means that your company, it's definitely not like a sole proprietorship. You know, it's not the max show.

You don't just like you can't do whatever you want. You know, you have a team. I might differ with you on that.

But, yeah, we did that deliberately, as I mentioned, because we wanted to have the flexibility to operate in the way we want to operate our business. But the flip side of that is when you raise money, any amount of money, you have an obligation to a new group of stakeholders called investors that own some of the stock of your company. And you have to listen to them.

And you have to do right by them because they're investing in you to make money, too. And it takes away some of your options. Right?

Like, it takes away the option of just staying private forever and never selling the company and just making a bigger and bigger business. So it's a different kind of business. And so how do you, do you have to do certain things?

Do you have a certain strategy in order to retain control? I mean, does that, do you actually have that fear that, you know, you... No, I think that that's a myth of, you know, of Silicon Valley.

And I think if you're working with good people that you've picked specifically for their expertise in an area and you have trust in each other, that's not a non-issue. So it just doesn't, you don't even, you're not worried about it at all? Nope.

Okay. Let's see. Yeah, man.

I got a question for you, Sam. Yeah. What does it mean to you to hustle?

Come on. For me, hustling means, it's a verb. It's when you set very ambitious goals and it's the actions that you take to achieve them.

I like that. That's how I define it. What about you?

I think that we at Instacart, we hustle. We don't use that word. Is that one of your, it's on your mission?

There's our five company values. Yeah, we don't use that word, but there is a little bit of hustle in this value we call every minute counts. And every minute counts is about making the most of our time together and asking the question, is this the fastest way you can do something?

Because in a startup, you know, you're trying to grow and you're trying to do a bajillion things with limited resources. And so if you take your time on everything, you'll just move slower than the next guys. And that can hurt you as a company, especially when you're small.

So our way of hustling is to talk about every minute counts and also maybe I'll talk about one of our other values called this is your baby. So you didn't say it, but part of hustling is like doing it, right? Like making sure it gets done.

And that's ownership. And we really believe in ownership at the company and we hire people against that value called this is your baby, meaning if you're going to do something, you better be willing to put your name on it. And you better be willing to fully own it and see it through.

So we value those two things in the people that work at the company, sense of urgency and ownership. So then as a company that has a value of sense of urgency, yet you're dealing, you know, it's not a media company where you can go in and edit an article after you've already published it. I mean, this is someone's groceries.

This is very important. You have to be timely and you can't screw up on the first time. How do you balance having a sense of urgency and launching things very, very quickly even before you're not certain if it's ready and trying to keep a customer happy and not ruining like someone's birthday party for not having their cake delivered on time?

It's a very, very good question. I mean, it is the question. Because we have to balance speed and quality and care for the customer.

And we didn't set this up, but the very first value of the company is called solve for the customer. And it's the first value because it's even more important than speed and some of the other values. What it means is that we need to make decisions that benefit our customers, the people who are paying us money to have their groceries delivered.

And if we forget that, if we ever slip on that, you know, we'll be a worse company for it. Because those people are the ones creating our marketplace, which creates jobs for shoppers, which creates sales for retailers, which creates opportunities for our advertisers to partner with us to advertise. And so it all starts with customers.

And we consider them first when we think about the way we build our business. Got it. I'm going to answer two more or ask two more of these tweets.

But the first one is, is it called, of course? I'm struggling to see it. Is it of course, but maybe?

Maybe. Yes, explain what that is. Of course, but maybe.

Of course, you could just stream this conference and you wouldn't need 2,000 people to come here to Oakland in person and do it all live. But maybe bringing them together is actually a much better and bigger idea. And if you do it, you can call it HustleCon.

It can be amazing. So of course, but maybe is a framework for thinking big and outside of the box. And for making sure we don't do things just because it's just the way they've always been done.

But that we actually invent new things and invent the future. And we solve problems that have never been solved before ever in our business. People think, oh, cool.

It's an app and you deliver groceries. So I push the button and it goes to the shopper. Very simple.

There's a team of... This is a real thing. There's a team of about 50 people in our office, of the 250 people in our office, that all they do is take data that comes in from our retailers and run a bunch of sophisticated processes on it and then apply our grocery catalog, which is the largest and best grocery catalog in the world, to that data so that you as a customer can see perfect images, nutrition facts, the right price, and the right availability of hundreds of millions of grocery items across the country in real time.

And that's an incredibly hard problem solved in an incredibly novel way that no other company is even close to having solved. And that's because of the spirit of this value. Got it.

Okay. Last question that I've gotten asked many times during this talk, which is how did you get that Twitter handle at Max? Of all the things you could ask me on this slide, it's kind of a funny story.

So I had another Twitter handle and I thought, hey, it would be really cool to have at Max, and this was five years ago or something. And so I just tweeted at the person who had it and I asked her for it because she wasn't using it. And she was a lovely woman named Max in Washington, D.C., and she gave it to me.

Wonderful. You don't get what you don't ask for. Well, look, we have a crowd of entrepreneurial folks from all over the country.

Is there any last words that you think they should know about how you've been able to make this happen and things that you wish you knew when you were just getting the business started? Yeah, absolutely. I would tell you make sure you're passionate about what you're working on.

Make sure you're passionate about your job or if you're starting a company, make sure you're passionate about the problem that you're solving because it isn't going to be easy. It isn't going to be simple. It isn't going to be straightforward.

And there are going to be moments when you almost don't make payroll or you have a huge problem and don't know how to solve it or the first version of your product doesn't work out. And that is the moment that will test whether you're actually passionate about what you're doing or not. And if you're passionate about it, you will push through and you'll be tenacious.

And if you're not passionate about it, you will give up. So in my first company, we effectively were not passionate enough. In my second company, I'm extremely passionate.

And that is really the key to giving you the strength and motivation to keep going. And I'll say a second thing, which is as you're choosing that problem to solve, you've got to talk to customers. And we as humans are not wired to assume what we think is going on and then do what we think is right.

That is the wrong strategy. Just stop and listen to people who use your product. Stop and listen and talk to customers.

And sometimes just listen to customers talking to each other. And just gather as much real, actual ground truth data on your customers and what they want. And that will help you figure out what to build.

Whatever you think it is in the first iteration, it's almost certainly the wrong version of your product. And only by listening to customers in a scalable way will you actually find what's a real problem and then the real solution on how to solve it. Well, perfect.

Well, thank you, man. This is wonderful. Yeah.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

. . .

. . .

. . .

. . .

. . .

.