Hi everyone, my name is Maya Procer and I am, thank you, it's just my name, and I'm a founding team member and the head of partnerships for a company called Lemonade, which is one of the fastest growing, yay, good, so it's one of the fastest growing tech companies and insurance companies in the U.S. today. And so I thought a lot about what I was going to talk when I came here and actually I think there are a lot of kind of connecting webs or similar lines in between our talks, and also I'm the last one, so I hope this is good.

And I guess what I thought about a lot, something that was kind of troubling me in the past few months, and it's kind of self-doubt or in its more sophisticated way, the imposter syndrome. And that's kind of the feeling that I guess a lot of us get to have, some of us more, some of us less, if you're a woman, a little bit more. And it's a feeling that you get that you feel like maybe you don't deserve everything that you have, you don't deserve the position that you're in, and you feel like that in any given moment, you know, you might be exposed.

And so kind of thinking about, you know, that feeling that you get and thinking about that fear that, you know, sometimes women have to get exposed, and meeting so many successful, talented women who, when I talk to them, really credit a lot of their success to, I just got lucky, right? And I don't know if you've had or met women who say that, but really, the really interesting thing that I found is that research shows that there's almost no connection between how talented you are or how skillful you are to you actually experiencing the syndrome. Actually, the opposite is true.

The more successful you get, you tend to feel that a little bit more. But the second thing that research showed that is actually interesting is that we're not born with it. So as kids, if we all go back and remember kind of our childhood, we were, you know, pretty, pretty secure.

We feel we're kind of the greatest in almost everything we do, and we have kind of great dreams of, you know, what we want to become. And we have that tendency until someone tells us otherwise, that we're kind of the best thing that ever happened to the world. And my childhood was, I grew up in Israel in a small town near Jerusalem.

And when I was seven, I came back home and I ate my lunch and spilled some ketchup on my shirt. It's kind of any, like a really regular day for me. And then the phone rang.

And I pick up the phone and it's a casting director for this American movie called Desperate Rescue, which was starring Muriel Hemingway. And she got my phone number from my, you know, my principal at school. And, you know, there's almost obviously no data sharing information or laws in Israel at that time.

And so they were looking for blonde girls to play the role of the daughter of the main actress. And she said, listen, if you want to kind of audition, you'll need to get in like the next hour, ten minutes away to a studio. By the way, also, we talked to your best friend.

She's coming. I'm like, this is great. I was like, sure, sure, no problem.

Got this down. I hand up the phone and then I called my best friend. I said, can you come and pick me up when you're going?

She says, sure. And then I remember I'm seven. So I need to get approval for this, right?

So I go, okay, who's babysitting me? Okay, my brother. So I go to him and I'm like, listen, everything's set.

Someone's picking me up. I'll be, you know, I'm going to audition. All good.

And he says, sure. And so I go, I get to the audition. I pass the audition.

It's great. Next stop, we need to get to Tel Aviv, Hilton Tel Aviv, final audition. My best friend doesn't pass, so next logical thing, I attach myself to another mom that's there with her kid.

They're going, I'm with you. I remember. I need to do the responsible thing.

I call up my brother again. It's like, listen, I passed. I rock, right?

Good for me. I need to get to Tel Aviv. Someone's taking me.

Don't worry about it. You don't need to do anything. And he's like, sure.

And so I get to Tel Aviv. You know, the first thing that I remember, I walk in, I see this sea of blonde girls all dressed up in beautiful dresses, all accompanied by their moms or dads. And this is me with my ketchup stain.

And I couldn't be happier. Like, this was like, I was like having the best time of my life. And as I was having the best time of my life, the same time, different part of Israel, my mom walks home.

And she walks home, she goes up to my brother, she's like, hey, where's Yotam, my other brother and Maya? And he's just like, Yotam's at a friend's Maya's auditioning for a movie in Tel Aviv. Not the answer she was expecting.

So my mom being my mom, she's a rock star mom, she just finds out the telephone, gets a waiter in the hotel to basically track me down, look for a girl that has no one. And so he tracks me down, he finds me, gets me to the phone, I talk to her. I'm like, this is amazing.

I'm like, this is great. And she's like, okay, never mind. She lets me play along with it.

The production actually takes me back home when it's all done. And I get the part, which is really awesome. So I get to be on a movie set for a few weeks and my brother's punishment for letting me go was to babysit me on the set for the entire time.

So that was not as fun for him. So thinking about this crazy story, it is crazy, but one of the things I kind of tried to tap into was I was so sure of myself. I had zero blocks, I was just going for it.

I had complete belief in myself and my abilities to really do this. And I was seven. Which is, you know, ignorance is bliss.

But also, I think that, you know, it's kind of beautiful in many ways. And then I kind of started thinking about, okay, I'm a different person today. And I do have that insecurity, right?

I do have that feeling sometimes that I can't do everything that I want to do or that maybe I can do. And I started thinking about these points in life where people start telling you, telling us, right, that you can't do certain things because not only because of who you are, but because of what you are. Right?

Maybe you're not rich enough. Maybe you're not strong enough. Maybe you're not men enough.

Maybe you're not loving it. Does that mean right? Or anything moreётся.

It's a thing to or someone else around that I can help you. Or am I, who is der Navier? Or selling myself, with everything else you know?

Or something along those lines. And so I started thinking, okay, why did that happen? And you carry that insecurity with you into the workspace.

And so a few years later, or many years later in my previous job, not this one, we had this huge strategic account that, you know, came in and we had to pile it with. with and I was preparing to pitch to my boss at this I need like I need to manage this like this needs to be my account and I was prepping friend it made a hundred percent sense that I should manage it I managed a lot of similar accounts before there was kind of prepping me for it but that that insecurity prep you know kind of creeped in and I said maybe I'm young and I'm not too you know too mature maybe I'm younger maybe I'm not you know representable enough maybe you know that I'm not gonna do a good job you know as women we tend to look at like a job description and if it doesn't fit a hundred percent of like exactly what we can do we often I was like okay so I can't do it but I put all that aside and I forced myself to stand and at least look is secure and I told him you know I think I can do this and this is why and he looked at me the same series and said this is not happening and I was crushed it was it was tough but a few months later things were not going so well with the account we were three weeks before launch and piloting this huge pilot with Starbucks which is a pretty big company I'm from Israel so I didn't know and and so things were not going well no one is really owning you know the account and they needed someone to move to Boston in the winter for three months so obviously I became the best choice for for the job and so I took it on I didn't ask too many questions and I took it on and I moved myself and I made it work I hired amazing people I I made sure everything is met the account is super happy we're meeting all of our goals and I just you know really really you know kind of crushed it to the point where we signed the biggest agreement that we ever had in our company's history and it really changed you know the the future and what we were doing as a company so later on that same boss called me up a few years later asked me to be a founding team member at Lemonade is it the right one oh not yet Oscar at Lemonade and and I was kind of his first pick his first hire that he that he asked to join the company he's now a mentor to me and someone I consider one of my good friends and so I guess just to kind of go back and circle if you look at that chain of events it all started with me being super insecure not wanting to put myself there but kind of putting that aside and and really replacing insecurity with action and I think that's something we need to kind of think about that that small action would actually start the chain event that led me to where I'm at today and so when we think about as women you know each person can call it a different thing I call the imposter syndrome call it whatever you want just acknowledge it that this is a baggage that you're taking with you and then put it aside and just really force yourself to feel you know feel uncomfortable feel insecure but go after things that you feel like that you know that you can do that you feel like that you deserve and when we ask for more we get more that's just a simple equation so thank you very much