So I came on the show to talk about only two things and one of them is my investment strategy where after 20 years of making like, I don't know, like 60 investments, I've now figured out exactly how to do what you're just, what you're talking about. You want to hear the breakdown? Sean, all right, we're live.

What's going on? I did something last night. I had dinner with Andrew Chex.

How'd that go? And so the back, I got to tell people the background of the story because it's fun. Uh, basically Sean tweeted this thing, got viewed by like probably 6 million people at the time.

He politely, but he still said it that he thinks clubhouse is going to like die. It was polite, whatever. Andrew Chen, who's a friend of mine is basically discovered clubhouse.

I think he was their first investor. He loves the company. He thinks it's going to be the biggest thing ever.

Invested in it. Yeah. Blocked Sean, invested in it, blocked Sean and, uh, Sean Poe.

This sounds like silly drama and it is, but it's fun. But, but it's fun. Uh, Sean blocked.

I didn't block him. Or Sean got blocked and he, and he, Sean, you posted a picture of it and that alone got thousands and thousands of likes. So anyway, I just think it's fun.

I'm a little caught in the middle. So it sucks for me. I'm not, I'm not actually defend.

I'm, I'm actually defending both sides, but I'm not, I'm, uh, I'm staying neutral, but I think both, both parties are actually right. So did he block me because he's mad at me or he doesn't like me or what, what is the, why did he block me? He just says that he goes, I have a rule that I just don't like a lot of negativity on my Twitter feed.

And also anyone that disrespects anyone that I'm associated with, I just automatically block. I don't even reply, which I think is fair. I actually think that's a good, I'm on board with that.

I don't think you were disrespectful, but I, I, it's cool that he feels that way. Uh, yeah, that's okay. I think it's fine.

Um, I was surprised cause I've met Andrew before and we were friendly. Um, like, you know, before this, I would have thought Andrew is somebody who, um, you know, if I see something interesting, I would send it to him. I'd be like, Hey, this, I think this is right up your alley.

And he'd be like, cool. Thanks, man. And you know, we, if we saw each other at a, at a meetup or a party, we would say hello.

Like, you know, it was, it was like that. So I was surprised when he blocked me, he, him and Mark Andreessen blocked me. So, uh, both of them who, you know, followed before and then went straight to block without like, you know, anything in between, uh, I'm cool with that.

I'm sure you guys will all be, I'm sure you'll all be friends. Eventually you guys are all great. I totally get it.

You know, like if, um, if I think someone's just being a hater or like, you know, and for them, I think they get it from all angles. Like they're always fighting with what's her name, Taylor Lorenz and like, you know, different people in the media and shit like that. Or they're probably just like, dude, I just like, they're probably just tired of people who are critics, uh, or critical.

And I think there's a difference, right? There's one thing, a person who's a critic and this is somebody who sits on the sideline and they are a professional criticizer. Um, and I think there's a difference between being critical, which is to say, Hey, actually like I'm trying to, uh, I've noticed some things or I've made some observations and here's my opinion.

And I don't know if I'm right or wrong. I'm saying it as an opinion clearly. And secondly, I hope this is not true.

I hope they succeed. And I was genuine about that. That wasn't like just some bullshit I put in there.

Um, and I'm clearly somebody who has been through it. I'm not just like somebody on the sideline throwing rocks, you know, like there's that thing that, that quote, uh, that everybody loves. It's like, you know, some Teddy Roosevelt quote or whatever, the man in the arena, you know, it's not the critic who counts type of thing.

And I would say in this case, you know, I'm neither the man in the arena, cause I'm not doing this startup. Um, nor am I the critic who just sits in the bleachers and, you know, booze, you know, I'm like the man who was in the arena, got my ass kicked by the same competitor. And I'm trying to yell to the man in the arena, Hey, watch out this, you know, this, this competitor is no joke.

And, um, here's why here's some of the, if you try this move, this might be a problem. If you try this move, this might be a problem. I hope you don't try those two.

The issue, the issue is, is that your thing, your polite, but criticism nonetheless reached so many people that it, it, you could actually impact the outcome. I, I, people might think I'm crazy. I think that, I think that tweet could potentially, uh, uh, have a, have a say.

I think this will have zero impact on the company, uh, in terms of that, if anything, it should have a positive impact where maybe the product people inside the company read it and they say, okay, you know, what are the, if you take the jokes and the zingers out and you just look at the actual, like, uh, like the kind of the product observations of what the challenges might be cool. Like, do we think we have a good, uh, do we think this is true? And if we do think it's true, do we have any good, um, counterattacks for what, what this problem might be and how we might actually solve this problem?

Um, I think that would be the positive. Somebody, people keep sending me these charts because the Google trends and the app store keeps showing that clubhouse going down, like sharply, like recently. And they're like, oh, the Sean Puri effect.

I'm like, no, no, there's 0% chance I could do that. And if anything, most people haven't even heard of clubhouse yet. I haven't had access to it.

So if anything, a bunch of drama about clubhouse should actually be driving interest up in checking it out or Googling it and trying to figure out what this, what is the fuss about? Uh, if anything, but you know, the other thing is I get there. The thing that might've pissed them off is like, okay, the tweet storm was a little over the top, uh, you know, maybe unnecessary, but, uh, okay.

You know, forgivable. Uh, but then, you know, the next day I go on CNBC and do a two minute segment about it. And then at that point, you're just like, who is this fucking guy?

And why is he on this crusade against clubhouse? Why is he going on TV talking shit? And like, my only response to that is, uh, Hey, if I get invited on to CNBC, I'm just going to say, yes.

Uh, like, I know that sounds a little silly or selfish, but like, I don't know, put yourself in my shoes. Would you want the opportunity to go on TV? Like, yeah, I think that's fine.

And I don't think I said anything that was harsh or untrue to them. So, you know, anyways, I could see them being annoyed. I just got off the phone.

I just got off the phone with HubSpot's PR people. Cause we were talking about something and, uh, I was like, you guys see Sean on a squawk box or whatever it's called. And they were like, yeah, they're like, you killed it.

And I'm like, yeah, it's, it made me happy that these like uptight, they're not uptight, but I, I, I, I pegged them in my head. Yeah. I pegged them in my head as being such that, uh, they've been on board with you.

Like you didn't do anything wrong, but like you made funny comments. You're talking about Kim Kardashian's butt and they were like, it was awesome. So I'm happy they're on board.

Uh, so in this episode, we're going to talk about big clout, right? But before we do that, we have Ryan Beagleman. He's on the line.

He's going to come on in a second. Before we do that, I wanted to bring up two things with you. The first thing, do you remember a couple months ago when we talked about a carbon offset credit card?

Yes. So I have to learn exactly how this works, but we discussed this of, uh, about this idea of basically taking a MasterCard and just putting slightly different branding and slightly different perks and building a business. Um, a company that we, uh, didn't know existed just raised $250 million today building in, uh, a carbon offset credit card called aspiration.

I think it's called no, I see that. Uh, aspiration is the name. Yeah.

I just linked to it in our thing. It's called the LA socially conscious bank challenger aspiration launches a carbon offset credit card. They raised $250 million from Leonardo DiCaprio, Orlando Bloom, but then they have some like actual real people like Allen and co.

Uh, cool. We, we, we, we, uh, we called that one. Yeah.

There's actually, I can't. Oh, wait a minute. Had they already raised?

I think they had already raised a hundred million as well. Right. Did we miss that 10 months, months ago?

Yeah. That's okay. Uh, we, um, our ignorance of not knowing about them also still shows that we predicted it, even if it had already happened.

Um, I actually am investing in another one. I'll send it to you. It's stealthy right now, but when we can talk about it, we'll talk about it.

The founder started a media company actually before this, uh, grew it huge, sold it coming back to market with a credit, similar, similar idea, a credit card where the rewards, the perks and the branding are around a different part of your lifestyle and not like, you know, the generic, which is like cash back or travel rewards, travel points, you know, go stay in a Marriott for a fourth night free. Um, and like what these carbon guys are doing, I get what from what it sounds like is that for somebody who is eco conscious, you know, specifically eco conscious, they would rather make their impact and have the rewards be something that is helping the environment than get that fourth night at the Marriott. And the, this guy that I'm investing in, um, he's got a different one.

Do I know if I just, I don't know if you know him personally, but you know of the thing that they built before this. And so you'll, you'll like it. So, uh, it's a very similar idea.

Can I invest in it? Yeah, I'm gonna send it to you and we can, we can do it. And then we can talk about it when he launches it.

I'm in, let's just do that. Um, I'll bring to you the stuff, which I brought, I showed you two kids. Maybe.

Are you gonna join? I'll, we'll show each other stuff and then let's just talk about it on here. Uh, cause I think people like that so far, every time we've talked about investing, people have liked it because you get to hear about a new concept.

We're not just saying, Oh, that's neat. We're saying like, no, I put money into this. That's a certain level of conviction and skin in the game.

And then, um, also there's like the people who are interested on the investing. side, which is like, cool. So like, how do you, how do you invest?

What do you decide on? What are the check sizes? What, what type of returns do you do expect?

What type of returns do you end up getting? What were your big mistakes? People like that type of shit.

Uh, and I'll say, I guess I can say now I put 10 grand into Toucan and then we did a syndicate where we put in 150 total. Which I kind of shocked me. I thought it was going to be like 50,000.

Um, but I did 10 on that one of my own money. Yeah. That's cool.

Yeah. I think that's an interesting one also deciding what's your, what's your basic check going to be like. I, um, like you decided 10 K the first few angel investments I did were basically, I think 25 K and then I like randomly did like a 50 K one.

And then I just felt like, Oh shit. I like, you know, that 50 K felt like a significant, like a more significant bet than the 25 K ones did to me the psychologically. And so then there's like, there's a math behind, how do you want your portfolio structured and all that shit.

And then there's the psychology around you want to bet an amount of, you want to be bidding an amount of money that will matter to you where you care and you'll track it and you'll do the work. Uh, so not too little, but also not too much where you become emotionally wrapped up in the outcome, which you cannot control and is, you know, subject to all these different variables anyways. I was going to do, and actually we could bring Ryan on if he was telling me about his, he was telling me about his buddy who I don't know if he wants to say his name about what his process was.

And we can talk about it in a second, but we're going to talk about the guy who hired an analyst, Ryan. But, uh, my, um, my, uh, philosophy right now with angel investing is I was going to do, uh, maybe a quarter of a million to $300,000 in the next 12 months. And I was going to do it in increments of 10 to $15,000.

Gotcha. My, oh, my quick reaction to that is that that's too many deals, a too small amount. Yeah.

You'd rather do, I think, because, because just to do that, like, okay, let's just do the math real quick. So that means you're basically saying yes to 30 deals, uh, to say yes to 30 deals. Let's, you know, about how many deals do you think you'll need to, or what percent hit rate do you have or acceptance rate?

So from a deal you see, you either look at a pitch deck, you meet a founder, uh, you take a meeting to saying yes, you don't want that to be like a hundred percent. You don't want it to even be 50% probably. What do you think just for you, just off the top of your head, spitballing, what percent of your deals do you think you'll say yes to, or do you want to be saying yes to?

30%. Okay. That's a, I think that's still probably fairly high, but okay.

Let's say the phone off the phone call. Right. Okay.

So of all phone call people who make it to the phone call, you want to do 30, right? So let's just, let's just totally. No, I'm not saying I, I'm not saying I want to do, I'm saying that.

Yeah. But I also think I say no to most everything that I'm email. So let's say, let's just take the meetings part.

Okay. So that means, you know, for, for doing 30 deals, you're going to need to take, you're going to need 90, at least of those one hour meetings, um, to, to get to that hit rate. And so 91 hour meetings as 90 hours of like, kind of like founder meetings.

And so it just ends up being a lot. And then now you have 30 deals to like add value to, to help, to make intros for, to do all those things. So it ends up being a lot of maintenance and a lot of vetting for very small ownership and, uh, small check sizes, but it is a good way to just see a bunch of shit.

So I like the strategy from that point of view. What do you think, Ryan? So I came on the show to talk about only two things.

And one of them is how, is my investment strategy where after 20 years of, of making like, I don't know, like 60 investments, I've now figured out exactly how to do what you're just, what you're talking about. You want to hear the breakdown? Well, can you first tell me the story?

Do you, can you tell the story of, of the person, you know, who, what, what they did? Well, let me, can I, can I explain this theory and then I'll tell, and I'll tell you how that plugs into it. Yeah.

So I think that the, the filter for me is actually turned into, I think there's an icky guy for investing. So, you know, there's, there's the icky guy concept. I know you guys are both familiar with, you know, you choose your career based on what you love to do, what you're good at doing or what there's a market need for, right.

And at the intersection of those three things is like exactly the thing that you will be best at and enjoy. Well, my epiphany, looking back on my like 60 or some odd, like angel and real estate investments is that the ones that generally perform well are the ones that are at the intersection of what I'm naturally curious about, where I'm well networked and where there's good fundamentals. So it's a similar, like, icky guy, right.

Concept where, and so my main, my main filter for, for making investments now is, is this something I'm actually sincerely fascinated by? I'm regularly reading about and I'm well networked in like, so for example, like I made some investments like, you know, in healthcare, which I don't know about. I'm not well networked in and yeah, the fundamentals are amazing.

Like healthcare is only growing in America, people, you know, costs are rising, whatever, like, but those have not been predictably looking back, like those have not been as good as say, my investments in Coinbase, Warby Parker, like Uber and like real estate investments where I was well networked. I was really interested for a long time and the fundamentals were good. So what do you guys make of that?

So I'm a framework guy. I like anytime somebody has a framework or thought process around how they do what they do. The only thing I would say is that for me, whenever you see something growing really fast and you see that the fundamentals actually make sense, it's very easy to get the other two to work.

So for example, I can get really curious about something when I see something working extremely well, I'm like, wow, what the hell is this? And then I can, curiosity can follow. It doesn't always have to leave for me.

And the second thing is well networked. What I found is that like the whole kind of like value add side of investing is sort of a load of shit. You know, I agree.

I don't whenever whenever we raise money, I was like, I don't want to talk to you ever again. And I'm just having fun with you. Like we're just hanging out.

Maybe I'm just bad at it. But what I see and I do the same thing, by the way, when I talk to founders, I'm like, look, here's what I've done in my life. If any of that applies to what you're doing, I've been through a bunch of shit.

I've done a lot of these steps that you are about to do. So I think I could probably help. And secondly, like, I'm particularly good at these three things.

And by the way, like, I think your messaging sucks. And I think I'm good at messaging. You know, yeah, you know, I think I can do the pitch better than you.

Your deck is a little bit weak. I can help you with your deck. Those are true.

In reality, the amount of times that gets taken up and actually has some material impact is just so low. I'm not saying that I'm using my network to help the investments. I agree.

I rarely help the people I invest with materially. I'm saying I got in early to say Uber, for example. Because of the network.

Because of my network. Yeah. And I can't get in early.

Like I tried getting in early, you know, to say like SpaceX, like I wasn't well networked then. Now I became better networked around SpaceX later and I ended up investing later. But like, there's certain areas where I have an unfair advantage to getting investments.

Right. And by the way, we should introduce you. So Ryan, you know, you were part of Summit.

You've been on the pod before many times, I think. Built a media company, sold it, was one of the co-founders of Summit, Summit Series. They bought a mountain, did crazy shit.

And I would say, you know, one of the more well-liked guests on the pod because has real business knowledge and also knows how to deliver it in a way that's entertaining to people. So a good sense for entertainment. So excited to have you on.

You have been infected by this mind virus. Can we just talk about it? Or do we need to like, I feel like talking about anything, anything but big cloud, anything but big cloud can't even enter my brain right now.

I honestly have canceled almost everything on my calendar because big cloud is so addictive and so much fun and so lucrative so far on paper that I just can't, I can't talk about anything. My wife wants to throw me out of the house right now. Like I'm so the good news here, guys, is that I signed up for big cloud, but I pretty much only signed up because Ryan just called me and said, I want to talk to you about this sign up.

I don't really know what it is. So you guys could talk about it and I'll be the one asking the questions on behalf of the audience. Right.

Like an idiot. So let's let's take a stab because it's kind of new and foreign and most almost I would say 99% of the people listening to this are not active on big bit yet. Let's each take a stab at it, Ryan, and see if we can get to a simple explanation of what the heck it is.

So here's my here's my simple explanation, Sam. Bit cloud is basically like a stock market for people. So me and you and Ryan and anybody else, we each have like a little coin, a price where you could buy some of our stock, let's call it.

And so people are going on there and they're using Bitcoin to buy our stock because they believe that we're going to continue to get more popular and our reputation is going to grow grow and that owning a piece of our limited coin. You know, if I own 10% of your stock, basically, I feel good about that because I think in the next 10 years, you're going to be getting even more popular. Right.

So it's a way to bet on people. And so that's the first. Which we've talked about a lot.

We love this. We've looked at it. And it's not like what we talked about before, which is like, is it for income sharing?

Is it for X? Is it for Y? Is it for Z?

Right now it's literally for nothing. And so the reason this is cool right now is because nobody knows who's behind it. They're kind of like being stealthy about it.

People know, but nobody has publicly outed who's behind it. I do not know the name of the people behind it, but I know people who know the person, people I trust say they know who it is. And they said, cause I asked, they were like, yo, I'm buying your coin.

Are you going to, are you going to actually use BitCloud or not? I was like, well, I don't know. Is this like a scam?

It kind of looks scammy to me. And they were like, yeah, I thought so too, because of the kind of the secretive way that they're going about it. But actually I know the founders, they're like legit people from the tech scene.

They like kind of have a reputation in our circles. And a bunch of the big name tier one VCs are involved in it. Now that doesn't mean it's not going to fail.

It doesn't mean it's not like maybe it's something unethical is going to happen or that's going to get hacked or who knows any, any number of bad things can happen, but it's not random guy. And you know, not Nigerian Prince is kind of the main thing that, that I've heard. Now you, you guys, you're forgetting a major part here, which is if you go to bit, it's bit clout, C L O U T.com.

You can't actually do it. You don't have a password. It's all, you need a password.

So you guys are forgetting. It's invite only right now. And you have to have this, you know, similar to clubhouse and superhuman, like, you know, this is one of the techniques in Silicon Valley now to build hype and get early adopters to want to in is to not let them in and then make it so they can only get in if they have the secret, secret codes.

So, okay, right. That was my, my attempt. What would you change about it?

How would you describe it differently? Yeah, no, I think you nailed it. I mean, it's a social currency platform.

I think you put it more simply, you can bet on people. So like take Sam. So I called Sam last night.

I'm like, dude, what the heck are you doing? How are you not on big cloud yet? You need to get on here.

You need to create your profile. So he goes on, he creates his profile. I put in $2,000 into this app, the Sam par on big cloud.

I then, you know, I, I then watched it overnight. And when I woke up this morning, I had already made like five, $6,000 off of it. What?

And so, Sam, here's the way it works. So, so let's Ryan, let's walk through me and Sam's coin. So can you just pull up actually the site's down, which, which is sort of problematic.

So that's a, that's a bit of an issue that it'll come back up, but it's getting hammered with traffic, I think. So last I, last you saw Ryan, what was my coin trading for? And do you remember my market cap?

I don't, I'd, so it's so annoying that the site's down because I was hoping to have it ready, but I want to say you, you were pretty legit. First off, I just want to say like, you're, you're, you were trading at a, at a relatively high number relative to like your fame and like your Twitter handle. You were, which, which I, what I've noticed is people who are known in the crypto world disproportionately are doing well on the platform.

So like, like I bet yesterday on Chuck Norris. And I'm because, because part of my strategy is to buy people who are trading at a cheap number relative to like the following they have on Twitter or Instagram. And like Chuck Norris was trading at like $200, but you know, he's got a huge, like he has a big following.

He's obviously pretty famous, even though he's like, you know, a C celebrity. But I don't get any of that money. Okay.

You do. No. So you can set whatever percentage you want to take of the, of the coin that people invest in.

So the default is 10%. So if I buy like a thousand dollars worth of Sampar, I believe the way the math works is you'll take 10% of that in coin. And so what's cool about that is like, as you become more famous, as you build up a reputation and as you keep your reputation, you know, good in the public eye, like in theory, your big cloud market cap will grow and you'll take 10% of that.

Now, what I've seen some people do who have money like you, Sam, is they, they, they set their percentage down at zero instead of 10%, which is the default because they don't want to discourage people from buying their, their coin. And then they just buy their own coin and then they bet on themselves, which is something. Oh my God.

As I saw this a few days ago and I saw, oh, wow. Some people have bought, like, I think somebody had bought $10,000 worth of my coin. And basically I was trading for almost $2,000 per coin.

And my, my own holdings that they kind of like give you through your, I don't know if it's like a founder reward or like a, a 10% big you get on every buy or something like that. My own holdings. If I claimed my account, I had $60,000 worth of my coin ready for me.

So the, the, the genius of their model is this. Wait, you had six. In just my, my own coin, what I, what they basically, what I had gotten from the way that the site works, if I, if I verified my account.

So here's how it works. This is, this is the genius, the growth hack that they have, which is very, very smart. And, um, so what they do is they pre-made all of our accounts.

They, they took the top 15,000 Twitter accounts, I think, and they made profiles for all of them. They made coins for all of them immediately. And then they let some people in with Bitcoin to go buy up whoever they wanted.

So people start buying coins. And of course, every time you buy a coin, the default is a 10%. If I buy a hundred coins of yours, 10 of those coins go to you and 90 come to me.

So there's like a, uh, like the, the brokerage fee goes to the creator themselves. So what this did was you're Elon Musk, you're Naval, you're, you're, you know, on a smaller scale us. Um, and you, you go on the site and right now it basically says, cool.

If you log in and verify that you are, you, you're, you are Sean VP on Twitter. You get to claim your coins. Uh, your coins are sitting there in this account.

So I have a 60, like last time I checked, this was a few days ago, but before several friends bought my coins, so I might have more now, I'd had a $53,000, uh, bounty just waiting for me. All I had to do was connect it to my Twitter account and tweet out, Hey, I'm on BitCloud, you know, like, uh, come buy my coin or whatever. If I did, if I didn't do that at the time, I didn't know, is this legit?

Am I promoting a scam? And so I went, did some background checks. I asked a few people who I knew were buying my coin.

I said, what, you know, is this real or is this not like Ryan, you know, and others. And so, um, and so that's how simple it is. So, so, so think about that mechanism.

Right now I have cornered the, the Sampar market. If you look at Sampar, I am by far his biggest holder. Um, and, and I plan to buy more Sampar as soon as the site comes back.

Guys, listen, it wasn't like, it wasn't, I can't tell you what's the, like the red pill, blue pill phrase. What's the, what's the, what's the pill that you take where your perception is completely changed. It can't go back.

Okay. Maybe I'm just like a blue pill guy here, but like, it wasn't that long ago that I was so poor that I would put two pieces of pizza in a one whole foods box. And so I could just like only pay for one or, or I would like eat half the food out of my container before I weighed it.

Uh, like it wasn't that long ago that I was that poor where, where I, where, where I was stealing food from the grocery store. Now we're talking about Sean just logging in and being like, Oh, beep, boop, $50,000 in my account. Yeah.

Does this stuff freak you out? This kind of freaks me out. No, it does not freak me out at all.

I think it's awesome that I could log in and get $50,000. I think that's cool. Now, okay, here's some of the criticisms, right?

Uh, and this is where Sam, your bullshit detector is about to like, you know, fly around the room. You're about to raise your eyebrows all the way to the moon when you hear this, which is that you could transfer money in and you could buy coins, but there's no withdrawals right now. You can't, so I can go in and verify, I could claim my $50,000.

What I can't do is put that in my bank account. Um, that's a feature that conveniently is not available and not built yet. Now they are going to do it.

Um, the, the main thing for them is that, um, uh, they say, Oh, we're building it. It's not ready yet. In reality, I, my, my theory is basically, if you allowed people to immediately come in, grab a hundred K, uh, grab 50, if I can come in, grab 50 K, withdraw it out of the system, it's going to kind of crash the network.

It's not going to like the whole system kind of fails. Uh, there's this, there's this theory about sort of, um, you know, like one of the reasons Bitcoin is so valuable is because the central philosophy of the religious Bitcoin holders is to, is to hold the coin. Uh, if you're selling out of it, the price drops.

And so what they want right now is for everybody to hold their hold coins so that the network can get big enough, get enough strength. And then once it's bigger and more popular, you can add liquidity and people can trade it and out and it won't just completely crash the system. So.

Do we just have so much money going around right now that we have to invent? Okay. So let me explain to you.

Cause I also was like, what the hell is this? And then I was sent the one pager and I want to actually read to you guys the one pager PDF. Uh, this might be a little boring to read a PDF, but honestly, when I read this, so I talked to Ryan, I don't know, like 40 minutes ago on the phone before this podcast and I was like, yo, okay, we're coming on.

I'm excited about BitCloud. I heard a little bit about it, but I haven't had time to look at it. I just had a kid.

Like I haven't had a chance to go in and kick the tires. And he was like, dude, this is like the most, you, Ryan, you said this, right? You're, this is the most addictive thing since early Facebook for you.

Craziest thing I've been, I can't, I'm like, all my friends have been up all night. Like one, one's in Alaska, heli skiing. Another one is in Utah.

Like we're all texting all night. Hey, who's buying Chuck Norris? Has anyone figured out like, oh, I just 10 X on Gwyneth Paltrow.

Like a number of my friends, like guys who worked for me at summit, who have like maybe $50,000 saved, have put in like a quarter of their net worth. And in the last, like four or five days of five to 10 X their money. Right.

Like, but they can't get anything out. They can't get it out. Yeah.

But I, I contacted the founder of a pretty major, um, like crypto hedge fund. And he assured me that, that they bet quite a lot on this and that he's confident that they will, there will be a way out. Plus the founder also said that eventually there'll be an exchange, you know, where you could sell it.

Um, it's just the craziest thing I've seen so far. Let me give you both. How do I make Sam Parr the game stock?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, first of all, calling it game stock is perfect. That's all right.

You're already memeing yourself. Game stop. Yeah, whatever.

So, okay. So here's the, okay. Cause when we were talking on the phone, Ryan, I was like, so you're buying my coin.

Great. What, what's the reason? Why would you want my coin?

What does that do for you? Like, I get that if I get more popular in theory, my coin could get more popular, but that assumes more people will want to buy it. Why would they want to buy it?

What are they getting out of this? It's like, well, then they would think you're going to get even more popular than the next person will want to buy it. Right.

So there's definitely like a greater fool theory that underlies this whole thing, which is that I'm buying it today because I think somebody else is going to come buy this tomorrow, either because the creator I'm buying is going to get more popular or BitCloud is going to get more popular in reality right now, both are going to happen. And, and so, so I think it's actually a good bet. Even if you know going in that this is greater fool theory, this is I'm, I'm looking to pass this to the next guy and make a lot of money before the music stops.

So I think that's the skeptical way of looking at it. Now, let me tell you the, like, why this actually might be a thing long-term. And I'm going to read to you from the PDF, what they say this is.

Okay. So here, so Sam, I'm going to read, read this to you and you just tell me paragraph by paragraph, is your belief going up or down? Okay.

Um, where'd you find this? I just Googled Bit, BitCloud. Yeah, I'll send it to you.

It's a white paper. Where are you guys getting this? Bro, we're connected on the inside, not connected enough to know who's actually doing this, but connected enough to know the people who know the people.

Um, all right. So BitCloud is a new type of social network that lets you speculate on people and their posts with real money as built on a blockchain. Okay, cool.

Then it goes, uh, it's a fully open source project. Um, there's no company behind it, just coins and code. So then it says, um, let me skip to the part about creator coins.

What are creator coins? Everyone has a coin. Every profile on the platform gets its own coin that you can buy and sell.

These are creator coins. Uh, you get one, you get it. You can have your own creator coins just by creating a profile and they already pre-created a whole bunch of profiles because you know, I didn't do it, but my, my creator coin exists.

Okay. Then I had to make mine. Then it says, you can buy your favorite person's coin to buy someone else's, to buy someone's coin.

You just go to their profile, you click buy, uh, for the top 15,000 influencers on Twitter, it's preloaded into the platform. Um, okay, cool. So now, uh, then it says tweet to claim your profile.

The owner of a profile, uh, can claim their profile by tweeting out their public key. Um, this will give them full access to their account as well as the percentage of their founder rewards, which is what, that's what I was talking about. My 50 K that's sitting there for me.

That's my founder reward for claiming my account. Now the genius of it is by me tweeting out, like I have a big incentive to tweet this out, right? Because I get access to my $50,000.

So they're basically kind of like paying me $50,000 to tweet out about BitCloud. And if enough of the, and the bigger you are, the bigger your reward. And so they're going to get a lot of big people to tweet this thing out, which is going to create this like enormous hype cycle.

Um, okay. So then it says, what are creator coins useful for? So this is where it starts to become interesting because there's a new asset class that's tied to the reputation of an individuals.

For example, let's say Elon Musk succeeds and put being the first person to land, uh, land on Mars, put a person to Mars. His coin price should theoretically go up because he will be world renowned for it. Um, and if in contrast, he makes a racial slur during a press conference, his coin price should go down because his reputation takes a hit and his popularity, uh, goes down.

So you as a trader can make money by buying and selling the ups and downs of speculating on a person's future popularity. Okay. So then it says, state, what could you use the coins for?

Um, so today it's just about buy and sell, but in the future, let's say that, you know, right now, for example, I think Craig Clemens is my biggest coin holder. He has like, I don't know, 10, $15,000 of my coin. Ryan's got a, Ryan, how much of my coin do you got?

Um, I think I bought like three, $4,000. So what can I do to reward the people who own my coins so that more people want to buy my coins? So one is a stakeholder meeting.

So you can basically say, okay, I'm going to do an AMA or a Q and A for anybody who owns over, you know, a hundred of my coins at whatever. So what do you tell them? Like, Hey everyone, I wanted to give you an update on the next quarter.

I'm thinking that I'm not going to say anything, sexist or racist, but I am going to do that. I am going to film someone committing suicide, which might make my thing. You're not doing a report about your own popularity.

You're saying, okay, for my super fans who want access to me, you want more access. Like, let's say, you know, like for example, our friend, Andrew Wilkinson has done a thing where he says, cool, buy this expensive thing for charity. And you get to do a lunch with me, or you get to join this AMA, it's Q and A exclusively with me and 25 people who pay the five grand to this, all the proceeds go to charity.

It's that same idea. If people want to do it, want to ask you a question or whatever. So here's a simpler version, right?

That's like, you get to attend a private meeting for people who own X amount of my coin. The other way is to say, look, I get a bunch of spam in my inbox every day. People email me, people DM me.

And literally this is true. There's so many of those that I don't respond to 90% of them. And unfortunately, some of the good ones just get mixed up in all the random junk that people send me.

So here's the thing. I have an inbox. The inbox has a contract that basically says, anybody who, if you want to message me, it costs you five coins.

And my coin has a real price. So you can do that by either having a huge amount of my coin or going and buying some in order to message me. And I will respond to everybody who sends me this paid message through this channel, right?

So now I can have an inbox that has a price with it, or I can prioritize it based on sort this by my biggest coin holders, because those are my VIPs. I want to talk to them first. I want to give them replies first.

Another idea they have, sponsored posts. So I can have an inbox that basically says, you can pay me, you can pay, you can buy a certain amount of my coin and I'll retweet your thing. And so it's just a simple, like you don't need an essential, a middleman agency to set up like these paid promotion deals.

It's just, I just set a price or people just bid a price and I just look at it and I say, okay, I'll take a hundred coins, a hundred of my own coin for posting this thing. I don't mind. I actually like the thing you told me to post.

And then the last one, like there's an only fans version of this where cool. If you have this, if you pay this much coin of my coin per month, you get exclusive content. The last one is what they call money likes.

So let's say like, let's reimagine the like button. So instead of just being able to smash like on everything, let's say that it costs a tiny amount of coin to like something. So for me putting out a good post, like let's say that clubhouse thing I did that went viral today, all I got was fame.

I didn't make any money off the fact that 7 million people saw that thing. Twitter made money, but I didn't make any money. So in this case, if I put out great content that goes viral, like my clubhouse thing, then every person who's hitting the like could be basically buying in order to like they're buying a micro amount of my own coin.

And so I earn for posting good content in that way. And by that person buying my coin by hitting like, they're actually sort of investing in me, right? Because they hit the like, let's say it costs one Sean coin to do it.

They bought one Sean coin. They hit the like button because they like my content. Now let's say I keep getting more popular.

They still own that coin. So both of us have an incentive to do that. Those are some of the ideas.

What do you think? Where I am right now is there's one of three things happening. One, either my IQ is just low enough that I can't keep up with you guys when you discuss this.

Two, I'm just out of touch. And like it's happening where like when my wife started getting a job at Facebook, her dad was like, why do you need it? Why do they need all these people?

It's just a web, it's just a website. Like, am I am I getting am I getting out of touch? Or three, this is bullshit.

And I'm right. Well, can I can I give you a simpler use case? So right now, I'm, you know, I've been doing executive coaching, I think, as you guys know, and I've been coaching the founder and CEO of Morning Brew.

And I think we should pit Austin Reif and Alex Lieberman of Morning Brew, again, sit at the Sam Par on Big Cloud. I am going to buy coin in all of them. And let's see who can become the bigger market cap in the next 30 days.

Alex Lieberman of Morning Brews But I don't want to do that. Like, wouldn't it be better if I just spent time and like, making money on shit that I own in the entirety of? but these this is like i thought these guys are like like your nemeses this is a newsletter war between the hustle and the morning bridge the final i've cashed out dude i've won like i like like i i have everything i need i've i've i have i've won my game as far as i could tell austin is crushing you on big cloud in terms of his market cap right there you go now i'd like to see that now now this competitive juice is starting to flow he's like i don't care but if you're saying he's crushing me at a game i don't care about i start to care about the game a little no i have the game i care about it's my bank account and what time i can wake up in the morning and what i can do during my day you're popular no that's not my big account what how many houses you'll be able to cash out your coin right you're gonna will i will i be able to cash this out let's say there's scenario one these guys never build a way to cash out this whole thing is a scam all the smart people that are involved in it are wrong cool there is a percentage chance that that is true i don't know what that percentage is might be one percent might be 50 let's just take that off the table because if that's true then yeah there's no discussion it's stupid and useless if if if you're buying if you can only buy in but never sell out like you know what is this you know robin hood like you can't you can't do that so here's the the other side of it let's say it is liquid where you can trade some of your coins for actual cash if you want it or bitcoin if you want it um but people are going to be betting on hey this podcast is going to keep getting more popular sam's going to keep getting more popular he's going to keep doing more things i've seen his twitter account growing he posts awesome content i want to get on on the ground ground floor of sam and they start buying your coin because they want to hold a piece of the sampar popularity like clout score basically and they believe more people are going to buy it so now more people do start buying it and um your stock goes up your stock goes up because you sold the hustle and then this podcast hits number one on the charts and more people hear about it and then we do some viral thing and then that goes viral you get more popular there now what but shaw do you actually want this you actually want yes i do and i want i'll tell you something i like about it is i've always kind of tried to be an early adopter of certain things right that i was excited and like naturally curious about and i would tell all my friends but i had no way of like riding the wave with the person i was popularizing i would go i'd be like hey you really should check out this awesome musician and then they would just get really famous and like they would get way richer and in fact i often couldn't even talk to them anymore because they became too big a deal to even you know return my calls and like i would have liked to have been like on the ride with them like financially that would be really exciting i met you before you started the hustle right and i was like this guy's the this guy's you know totally switched on he's he's dynamic dude okay if you could if i could have just bought stock in you and not bet on like for example i had the opportunity to invest in the hustle the media company i was like well i don't know if this is going to be like this humongous billion dollar company or what i don't know if this fits my profile whatever i don't know about media but i was but i was believing in you the whole time and if i could do if i could have just bought sam and owned sam for 25 years that's something i want to do i think that you are going to become a hitter and you're already on your way to becoming a hitter and if i could have done that from the beginning or like you know we've talked about the founders of calm i was buddies with them early on now calm is so big that i feel guilty even hitting them up to go hang out with them because i'm like ah they just everybody wants their time they're busy with their you know huge company what am i gonna do i really want to go hang with them now so you know i'm a fan from afar now but at the time if you said that you can buy alex too and you can buy michael acton smith you could buy their uh their coins i would i would bet in all my friends coins right i and i do with my time but i don't ever get to benefit financially from spotting future stars today i uh that was a good speech i think that i'm a little bit uh on board now dude i feel the exact same way there's so many entrepreneurs including uh the guys at calm that i met through summit early on and for whatever reason i didn't persist and get in didn't get the ability to invest in their company you know they it was mentioned i i didn't i didn't like you know i missed the email a friend of mine heard about it i wasn't at the right event when they were raising i met him three months earlier whatever now i can actually bet on these people it's it's i don't know well this is why there's two huge problems is the fact that you've just put tens of thousands of dollars on this website and you get you can't get the damn thing to turn on yes right now this entire podcast this podcast has been on for 45 minutes and it's it's a big big cloud is under brief maintenance all funds are safe thank you for your support it's a black screen with red text yeah like ariel 14 size font yes it looks like a terrorist or kidnapping i remember when facebook first came to my college and i was like we were one of the first colleges and i remember like calling you it was really fun that this is the first time i felt like that in a long time that's why i wanted to come on the show and talk about it but there's two major differences which is you didn't have money on facebook and two you you knew a little bit about the background and who made it we're looking at this anonymous thing that isn't working and you have money on it that's a little nerve-wracking and also you can't even get your money back out if you wanted by the way sam do you know how many of my like angel investments what does like i had no clue someone was like you should try like this guy said from this person and you should throw 50k in this thing and i was like what's the least i could do could i do 10k okay cool here's 10k and you know so over i think now 25 of those or so have gone to zero but a few of them pop so i'm looking at this like an angel investment right like i'm looking at this as like one in 10 but i get it i'll do it i'll do it but i'm not gonna like i think that people like you two need someone to criticize you because like just everything on paper that we're doing here it just like this sounds like a a horrible total scam and i think you should be optimistic about it and i'll definitely dabble in it so here's the other thing right like let's let's say you said something earlier like facebook didn't have money in it like i think you meant i think what you meant was you didn't have to put in tons of money to bet in facebook you could just start using the thing and it's kind of like you know a little risk like brian just said that that his uh normal young friends have a quarter of their life saving but um you know yellow so i so okay so so here's the part that i think is exciting and a lot of people have talked about this this is the first attempt that it actually clicked with me and i'm like oh this might actually work so there's a whole bunch of people that have since crypto came out that were like oh my god we need to take the social networks and we need to convert them into crypto networks basically what we need is why don't like why does facebook and twitter and instagram why do they make all the money and we do all the work we make the content we like each other we put our attention and our time into viewing the content viewing the ads and um advertisers spend all the money and they don't you know they're hoping to make a return on the other side but the users who do all the work on these user-generated content platforms reap only social value no financial value and so a whole bunch of attempts were made people tried to make steam it which was like reddit but like like instead of the karma being kind of funny money it was like real money you know type of thing but never took off and uh but the the fundamental always did make sense which was if you did get on a platform early and you were one of the people that helped make it big why don't you ever get any reward for that if you're one of the first uber drivers first airbnb host first power users on instagram you know like what is it worth for those people that are on clubhouse today that are making content you know freaking 24 7 and trying to make clubhouse successful and they're they're not the investor in clubhouse it's you know andreese horowitz and like eze and kevin hart and and so um so easy is not an investor but we'll we'll be for you by the way yeah because he's dead one thing i love about this that you're saying is when i got into some of these you know awesome investments like uber i couldn't share them with anybody i'd call my mom and be like you really oh man sorry but i can't even get you i couldn't get you in you know and now it's like i feel excited i wanted to come on the show and like share it with the listeners and like share it with trends because i was like everybody as soon as i get this password and as soon as the site's back up like we can all actually we're like in this as soon as the site works and as soon as they open it and as soon as withdrawals happen this is totally going to be sweet but until those three primary fundamentals work this is garbage as sam is rightfully pointing out the obvious no no it's very risky right now it's very early days by the way we need to talk about the investment strategy because the next thing is once you get on you become addicted and you're like what is the strategy and i have like five strategies well can we talk about your friend who he's talking about investing strategy by the way i know i know but can we talk about this because i think this is pretty interesting i won't name names but but can i say details of the story right i'm going to so you had a friend who sold a business and it was uh amongst like your everyday person massive home run um but he the amount of money that he made was not enough that you would go and do what he did and he hired two full-time people to invest his money yeah and we're talking like potentially like single digit millions of dollars which again is a lot of money but not enough to like have two people on staff full-time to invest your money and that's what he did and ryan said that it ended up being a massive success even though you thought it was a stupid stupid idea and it totally worked yeah i mean the thing that blew my mind is a friend of mine made a similar amount of money to the money i made selling my media company and i i did not think i had nearly enough money to build what you know was called like a family office right like i i need it at most i'll hire a wealth manager i'll pay them like a half a point of the money under management they'll invest my money in stock and whatnot and my friend instead hired two hedge fund guys and analysts and like a full like a real like associate vice president like a senior guy at like a hedge fund and is paying them like you know i don't know like a half a million collectively in salary a year which is like a very high percentage of his money and and giving them as well carried interest and upside and i at the time this was in 2016.

i thought that's the craziest thing i've ever heard for the world's smallest family office and what what he now he what was smart is he had a very good like kind of similar to us he had a good network and he didn't have time to underwrite all the deals that would come to him he didn't have time to run a financial model or call people and dig you know kick the tires and make sure that you know the thing was real and that it was a good investment but he had a lot of flow like we do and so i don't have time to look at most of my investments because i don't have an analyst and i don't have the time myself because i put my own time into my business right so i thought what was crazy is he did that and he's up like a lot like i don't know exactly how much but like let's just say his his big cloud investments are like 100x mark you know so so so you um what what is the typical size of a family office what amount of wealth does an individual need to where you oh you typically build the view 50 million themselves it's definitely in like the i mean at 50 you split it with another family so i i worked at jp morgan private bank in college as an intern which at the time was the largest wealth management organization and and they had billionaires as clients who did not have family offices they hired jp morgan to be their family office but the really big clients at the firm would someone someone that would also have a family or would leave the firm to form it and so back then this is back in like 2004 like i don't think you had a family office unless you were like one of the top 50 richest people in the world it was my recollection of the time and then there and then and then came these ideas of multi family offices where people share billionaires share a family office and now obviously things have become much more like i think there's more and more of this going on and so i think people are forming family offices and maybe have i thought a couple hundred million 100 million but what was amazing about my friend is that you know this is somebody who had more like low eight figures and have essentially formed a family office yeah i like the idea of the shared family office by the way that makes a lot of sense to me i'm surprised that doesn't happen more at like every level of wealth it does you could yeah there's like shared family off i mean i think that like once you get into like the 40 50 million range it makes sense to like do like three or four people together um but yeah for making less than 20 which is still a significant amount of money the idea of hiring a full-time staff is kind of outlandish and that's kind of cool so i have a similar setup i mean i'm lucky that like the business i have make enough income where you know it's cool like this is a business expense it's basically there's a lot of tax i would otherwise be paying um and so instead of paying tax i actually get this individual to actually grow the thing and um and so that was my logic but that might be sort of silly logic but it's definitely more than what most people do what do you think that is it's already working as far as i'm concerned you know i think it's a fair trade by the way i i can agree more i mean investing in talent is just always pays off if you're if you're like willing to iterate and try and experiment and you're you have hustle and you work hard in my experience so i i love it i i i hired a a bookkeeping firm in europe and they've created my books for my coaching business for you know renting my home for all my investments and for my personal and then i have like an executive assistant who you know freeze up a bunch of my time and i've been thinking about hiring somebody to just like manage my investments with me which is part of why i was mentioning this to sam the other day that my friend had this great success you know doing this and i think it makes all the more sense for you sean you know because you're obviously you're you're also operating labor intensive businesses like where you have to like you know create things and put them online like e-commerce and i mean that makes a lot of people i just think it's like i think it's a little nutty to do some of this because if you just kind of let your money sit like it's going to grow pretty good doing boring ass and the question is is is doing all this extra stuff actually going to work out if you do it for three decades you know what what will you perform better doing and sure sean you're crushing it now or i i think i bet you are because bitcoin is growing and the economy is booming but do you think that over the next 30 years that what do you think is going to be better for you um you know i think it's true that most people will fail to just beat the passive index when you account for fees that's like been proven out uh but also you know most people is not all people so i think there is you know maybe having the network that we have in silicon valley is actually significant enough of an edge where this where this works for me i didn't think about it like an invest uh i need somebody to do manage my money i if it was just manage my money i would not i definitely wouldn't pay somebody in-house to do it for me it was like cool i want to be you know creating content i want to be running this angel fund but i don't want to be taking all these meetings and i don't want to be you know like i'll be in a meeting you know i'll be in a business meeting and then my newsletter will go out and people will like look at their phone and be like how did you what is that and i'm like oh yeah like i don't write everything i don't send all this stuff i don't do the formatting i don't do all the research like i have somebody i really trust and we work together on it and i'm more the editor than the author and um and that's like the case for a lot of the different things i do when when it was raising the rolling fund i didn't have time to go raise all the money i tweeted out and then a bunch of things came inbound and then my guy basically like took those inbounds and turned them into cash in the bank and i was like this is magic um and he does that every week he goes through my dms and he's just like hey he gives me an excel sheet that says like for example for this clubhouse one it was insane it was like malcolm gladwell follows you now this guy follows you now this guy follows you now i'm gonna here's some dms i have as like something to say to them or they said this i'm thinking about replying this just say yes or no and i just say yes or no and then he does all of it right and it's like that is being in two places at once i'm down to pay for that i'm not really personally i don't think it makes sense for me to pay just for investment advisor or sort of a wealth manager from where i'm at well i'm less than ryan this other guy i think if you keep iterating on the concept you'll find that it's actually extremely lucrative to hire even into this this role because you're rolling fun for instance imagine if you had someone just full-time focusing on growing the the sean investment world i do know like because sam so one thing i think you're missing out on is that it's not just investing your capital it's the ability for you to raise special purpose vehicles and syndicate and so i did uh i did i did my first one yesterday i raised 150 000 okay are you looking carried interest on that yeah okay so imagine if you had someone full-time spinning up more of those so that you were getting 20 you know carried interest in you know instead of one deal a month what if you're doing 10 deals a month but you would need you would need like some infrastructure around that yeah one of the coolest examples i think i think doing it though for investing is actually a little silly i mean it's not silly it's just it's hard because a lot of these angel investments won't pay money for eight years so what are you going to like front the bill early on so i actually think what sean's doing is actually the right move because if someone's working on other income generating things earlier like i think their investments will will you just need to structure them differently two and 20. so the two percent in a hedge fund venture fund or private equity fund pays for your overhead it pays for your investment sean are you doing two percent no i took zero percent management fee uh because i didn't know if anyone really want to invest in the rolling fund so i was like okay well how do i how do i differentiate from the other five people that are like me they're like an entrepreneur who's had an exit has done some angel investing and just spun up a rolling fund because i was i think in the first 10 rolling funds i think i was one of the first 10 maybe 20 and so i knew there's gonna be like 100 more of these in the next quarter uh how do i like just quickly raise this amount and differentiate myself and i said well i hate fees i hate fees all the time so i was like i'm just gonna take no fees i have enough income coming in from other places that like i'll do this and i have a i have two full-time people that basically are not full-time i shouldn't say that i have two people that are dedicated one is this guy romine who you've probably seen on twitter he's a little smart guy he he himself owns a really successful big business uh man he has a podcast and he's like an investor himself and i basically said he went to college with me i said hey i need somebody to kind of manage my fund and take a bunch of these meetings because i don't have a ton of time and uh do you want to do it like we're going to invest in 25 30 companies a year you know so like if you want that experience while you're running your company before you eventually sell your company like let's do this and he's like ex-harvard mckenzie uh you know law he's a former lawyer like he's a super sharp guy and then i have this other guy who's a scout that basically he works at on deck and he went through yc and he referred himself i think 20 companies into this yc batch so he's like boots on the ground sees everything before it even gets into yc and so those guys basically are doing my uh rolling funds you know one guy does the scouting the other guy does the vetting and then i basically am doing the um the you know the final meetings with the founders and making the final decisions on a lot of those and so that's been a pretty sweet way to do this investing and now we're doing four million dollars a year of startup investing um you know that's up i was doing probably i don't know two hundred thousand dollars a year before that so you know i was able to get massive leverage from by doing this and i just agreed to split the carry with these guys because i'm taking no management fees so i said hey you get a piece of my carry instead of me paying you a huge salary right this is how normal funds start they often start with little to no management fees in order to incentivize people to invest and then as they mature and grow reputation they start to charge management fees which is which is by the way a service to the investor because they don't want you to be understaffed and under under infrastructure like a really a really extreme where where this goes at the most extreme when i worked at carlisle that was pretty a pretty fun example of this is david rubenstein the the co-founder and lead fundraiser at carlisle had a full-time equity analyst who would you know graduated from like yale or princeton who worked at merrill lynch who he would hire and he would go through these i think every few years all they would do all day is do research so that when he would speak on a podcast he would sound extremely intelligent because he knew everything that he needed to know about what's happening in china or dubai and whatever the whatever the topic of the day was because he had a team of people like you know you know a small little like crew working on this who were actually trained equity research analysts so you can imagine all the things you can invest in like people who make you know make sure that your research for your podcast for example which that i know sean has that and we have that uh or we're getting a lot more of that by the way here all these investments are going to make your big cloud go up tying it back so right let's let's finish up the big club thing so you have put in uh tens of thousands of dollars into big cloud i believe and you are what is the strat you're using right you're looking for undervalued basically like sam you said okay sean and sam have similar twitter following but sean's coin is more expensive right now so i'm gonna buy a ton of sam and also they're in the same vehicle of my first million so like you know you know there's a good chance they'll they'll grow together so you saw sam as an undervalued asset is that the core thing you're doing basically just looking for the undervalued so so there's two main investment strategies and then there's multiple investment strategies under the second one so the first one is you just buy big cloud and you just bet on the whole platform and i'm probably going to keep like 60 of my money just in big cloud and then once you own big cloud you can buy you can buy creator coins right creator coins are like the sam coin the sean coin within that strategy i have a few strategies so one is i buy undervalued people like the sampar who until yesterday was valued at zero and i and i bet that he's going to go up right and then there's people i've also bought some elon musk and some chamath and some of the people who are already trading at really high numbers because i just think as the platform people are going to go to the to the fangs the fang of bitcloth basically right yeah yeah that's like buying like you know it's like buying like yeah like walmart you know is buying like you know chamath or naval um so and then i'm looking like i'm telling you chuck norris you watch chuck norris is going to go up like i think the game stop analogy perfect yeah chuck norris is the game stop let's we're going to pump it up that bitch and austin reef at morning brew i think he's going to go way up and he's going to do better than sam because sam's kind of being a wuss about big cloud from what i can tell i i think it's true i am being a little bit of a wuss i just can't tell if i'm just like so sam did you ever see did you see this thing that came out a couple years ago um by seiki chen called famous or it was also called stolen because there was two there's two versions of it it was called stolen initially and then uh that was a little bit too controversial and they ended up having to change the name to famous and then even that cut too controversial and they just had the whole app got taken down it was extremely viral so what what stolen and famous were was basically people started tweeting out one day just stole at sean vp just stole at the sam par oh yeah yeah yeah and the stolen account had like the funniest buy i don't remember what it was but it was just like you know it wasn't trying to explain what it was it was like just like um super low-key about the whole thing and so what it was was you could just go and if you place the top bid it was like you uh you have the hot potato like you owned that person because you made the winning bid and so it was an auction of people on twitter and so you could go and you could buy naval you could buy ryan hoover you could buy all these people for some amount of money and then that would be like the winning bid somebody had to top you in order to take it and um and so it went super viral super quickly in the kind of like product tech silicon valley bubble and then uh i guess they didn't like the connotation of stolen so then they rebranded as famous af and so famous af started working and then it went so viral that it was going into schools and like bullying was happening because people were just stealing like classmates and then like dumping them or something like that i don't know what it was but like some teacher came out was like or some mom came out was like dude my kid is getting bullied via stole via via famous and uh this is like messed up and then apple took it off the app store because they were like what is this bullying app and so um and so that was the and so so siki who's the the guy behind it he made sandbox vr and he's you know doing runway yeah yeah yeah cool new startup and so this guy's this guy's a gangster and so he he built these games and so now every time i see big cloud and by the way anytime anybody sees big cloud that knows siki they're like oh this is it he's like dude i know like just stop saying to me like uh please just stop sending me if one more person sends me a big cloud link you know i'm gonna lose my mind and uh so this has happened before and it did go viral before i think there's a very good chance that this goes viral again it has two kind of core things going against it one is um it's it looks a little bit shady and it's come across a little bit shady so far um and you have to have a password to get in something which is which is one of the reasons why i was like right now the friction of the password is one one major friction right that's why it's not going viral right now it's going viral within a small circle but not like super viral because it's not open to everybody yet and then the second thing is you have to you have to transfer in bitcoin in order to use it and so that already limits it right there's like just very few people who even own bitcoin so you know that's a big big gate in the way of this thing going crazy but everything else i think is it is engineered it is from a product design perspective this is designed brilliantly and this will grow in the way that it's designed well i spent the better part of yesterday trying to teach my mom and my sister how to create coinbase accounts transfer transfer by bitcoin transfer bitcoin into bitcoin uh sean do you think that angel investing like is this going to be what's the future of sean puri i mean do you think that this is going to be your full-time job angel investing is a way to for me it's like just dipping a net into a stream of flowing water with a bunch of fish inside i'm not taking a boat out spending you know an afternoon out in the water fishing and trying to catch something it's just in front of my house there's this stream with fish going through and if i just put a net in i can catch some great fish that's what angel investing is for me and that's what it's been basically for the last i don't know six seven years where my own friends my own personal network or things that come inbound through getting more popular on twitter and podcast it leads you to some opportunities people want you in their deals and you get to see deals early and before i used to sit on the sideline and i watched a bunch of those companies get big and then i started you know i asked a rich friend hey if i give you a good deal that you invest in can i get a piece of the carry i said yeah that's how i got into lambda school which is already kind of like a big winner and then as soon as i did that i was like man instead of a big kid like instead of getting a piece of this guy's carry why can't i just do this myself so as i got a little more money i started doing it myself and then with the rolling fund that just lets me do it on steroids where i could just do more and so what percentage of your network well could let's be you can not answer this but let's just say that you invest four million dollars a year in eight years how much income do you think you're gonna do you think you're gonna make an additional 200 do you think you're gonna make 200 grand a year so do you think you're gonna make a million bucks a year a a good fund is gonna like let's say 3x its money over the kind of like seven to ten year period uh great will be you know 5x or more and like if you're if you count if you caught an uber if you caught a coinbase uh you know you're laughing your your returns are going to be super skewed just by this one company that's not worth tens of billions but let's assume for this conversation let's assume you're only so let's take um let's take let's take 3x let's take the most cons like the most conservative version of winning right is i triple the money so over the next three years i'm going to deploy 12 million dollars let's say i 3x that money that's 36 million um that gets that comes back into the fund after returning the money so uh so a total of whatever 48 million dollars and so on the 36 that's the profit i get to keep 20 of the carry right so that's about seven million dollars ish is my mental math right um you know roughly seven roughly seven million dollars and that's seven million dollars over a let's call it eight eight to ten year time span it's not the biggest like that's the thing that's why i don't go all in on is because i can make way more money building a business in that same amount of time so fine one seven so but that's the recap that's your my how much in seven you say seven million that's my carry yeah that's a significant amount of money that's a million dollars a year so you're thinking this will make you a million dollars a year for seven years starting in seven years no i think it's like kind of like a lump sum that you get in seven years more more like it i get nothing for for seven years and then as these companies as the as many of them die and some of them do okay then a few winners emerge eventually you reach a steady state where you keep going and you are making a millionaire and yeah where it really gets interesting is where you scale and you start doing you know 20 million a year 50 million a year 100 million a year uh and you know eventually that's why you could see yourself hiring investment professionals you could have a whole fund have it has any years paid out right yeah yeah but i i but i think there's another important point is it's not just about money it's about well-being as i'm always saying on the show like it's about like what investing has done for me is it's been a vehicle for learning and for connecting to really interesting people and for like getting to like kind of like go on these fun adventures where i'm like learning about like the latest things in crypto or the latest things in e-commerce and i'm connecting dots and then the other thing it's done is it's made my my primary businesses far more successful because i'm borrowing ideas i'm learning like oh wow look how this e-commerce company does performance marketing i've never even heard of performance marketing until and then i brought it back to a newsletter company and i'm like oh at our newsletter company we can buy facebook ads and google ads like this e-com company that i invested in called warby parker or whatever and like i'm now i'm like cross you know i'm taking you on me kind of like what your show is in a really nice job but does it does it distract you from your main job well that's that's where like that's why i think it was smart that this guy hired some people and how you know sean's hiring some people because then then you can kind of like be as you said in two places at once but no that's you just have to you just have to take the risk of hiring 150 000 200 000 no you don't you don't have to i mean i i haven't done that and i've still made a bunch of investments but but i missed a lot of investments because of that very reason because i was like hey i'm really laser focused on biz now and summit and powder mountain i'm not going to look at a deal every day i'm going to look at like a deal every like three weeks and so i'm just going to miss a lot of stuff you know i missed like i mean i i have a one of my the coo my company invested 150 grand in a um in a in a crypto hedge fund and he's you know he's up to like almost six million dollars of value i don't know if i should be saying that here but you know he i missed that because i was just like i'm busy i can't look at that right now yeah that's totally true and by the way most of the time when people say like oh it's not about the money it's about the journey it's about the learning it's about the people you meet you know the kumbaya thing normally that's like you know that's the tell it's actually almost always about the money because if you took the money out they wouldn't do any of the this is actually one of the rare things where that's actually true because i actually was doing all these things i was meeting founders i was helping them with their businesses i was getting excited and digging into new spaces i was keeping a fantasy portfolio of like to learn like oh i'm tracking these spaces and i think these are going to be big and i want to learn about these spaces and here's some of the companies that are doing cool things and let me observe their growth tactics from the outside and try to see what's working and maybe apply that to my business i was literally doing all those things for fun before i ever put a dollar in uh you know i was subscribed to like i don't know 50 different um angelist syndicates because you didn't have to put money in but you could get the investment memo because i literally loved the learning so much and i had no plan at the time to be investing in any of those i put zero dollars in sorry to all those syndicate leads you know i was that annoying guy that was subscribed and never invested but it was because i actually genuinely actually wanted to learn and i wanted to meet these founders and so this is one of the rare occasions where when you hear that normally it's in this case i'm 100 on board with what you said ryan and like that's how i that's exactly how i think about it is this is like a my other friend described it as like it it's a great way to just blow off some entrepreneurial steam it's like you your brain if you're operating a business you all of a sudden start hearing about vertical farming and crypto and then like you know oh what the hell is you know what the hell are nfts and like you learn about all this and then part of you is like should i be doing that like what the am i doing this stupid like real estate newsletter i should be going out there building you know this ride sharing company or whatever and so investing gives you a way to like get the high and dabble in that and have some financial upside but you don't it lets you stay focused as an entrepreneur so that's the other like like weird psychological things that come from investing is aside from the learning aside from the good friends you make and the network you build and the learn you know the cross ideas you get you literally just get to like it's like a release and uh and then you can go back to doing your thing do you but but are you sean are you the reason i i did the syndicate thing i'm doing it with joe and we're i bet my own money it's it's kind of like a rolling fund but it's not uh it's only deal by deal basis whereas sean you have like money that you could deploy a little more freely i didn't do the rolling fund thing because i didn't want to have customers that i have to uh appease and talk to on a regular basis because i didn't want like a job do you feel no now that you have like a job because you have a hundred people who have given you yeah no i write a once a month update uh and i like doing it anyways it's just hey here's the new companies we invest in why i would do that for my own documentation anyways of what was the conviction at the time i made the investment here's what i believe here's why i believe investing in it i like having that anyways for five years from now that's an important thing for me so in this case i just publish it to my investors great um so that's the that's all the maintenance that goes into it there was a little bit again early on of like actually getting the investors on board but i took no meetings i took no phone calls i just said here's the link and because of this podcast because of my newsletter because of my own track record in the deck i made that was enough to raise the money for me and i know that that's kind of like a not everybody can do that part most people would have to go knock on a bunch of doors and really sell this thing um so that's that but the other thing you mentioned like for you if you just get busy and you just don't care about angel investing you could just not do a deal for the next six months and no sweat whereas for me i actually do need to deploy this money and so there is like a certain amount of like startup pitches i need to take every month in order to be doing great investments um and so you know i actually have to deploy this money i can't like just sit on my hands and decide i want to go go on vacation or like just go super heads down in my own business i can't like i can't do that because i've taken on a fiduciary like obligation to deploy these people's right what i thought would be man i used to invest i don't know like 50k a quarter 100k a quarter max and now i have to deploy a million dollars a quarter and actually i run out within the first two months of every quarter so so it's actually not been an issue because i just my check sizes are bigger and once people know you're investing they send you deals your friends send you deals they're like hey i'm doing this this is a good deal and they're like oh wow i didn't i didn't need to like the fundamentals make sense and all is all the good there's other good co-investors there i didn't need to go find this deal it came to me uh and that's that's the best thing that happens what percentage of what percentage of your liquid net worth did you allocate to before this because now with the rolling fund i'm investing opm right other people of money i only put a small amount of my own money for the fund before this i was doing roughly 200k 250k a year was what i put in and i don't remember what that was at that time of like liquid net worth it was like kind of substantial like it was wasn't wasn't i don't know half a percent or something it was like like that mattered to me but also if i lost that money or if like i knew going in at the very least this money is locked up for a long time i can't use it to go buy a vacation over or under 15 over or under 15 or 10 percent like was it more than like 10 because that's a lot i don't know i'd have to think what i don't know how much money i made at the time because i made more money in the last couple years than i did back then so i don't know actually how much money i had then what i do remember is thinking when i very first started i thought i need about 300 000 of a bankroll to even do this to have enough of a portfolio to give myself a shot because angel investing so many of your deals are going to be losers and so i thought okay i need to have you know 20 to 30 bets i need at least 300 to 500 000 of bankroll to go do this and at that the very beginning i didn't have that that would have been an irresponsible amount of money for me that was like at the time i don't know half of the money i had or something like that so i said okay i can't do that that's why i started talking to other people and being like hey if i scout for you can i get carry and you put up the capital and that's how i got started although you know great go ahead even when you have almost no money i i really like this as opposed to buying public equities when you have very little money because of the learning and the connections and like the benefit that that could have on your own business like i was betting a very high percentage of my money initially and it really helped me because i rather than just buying like coca-cola or walmart or some publicly traded company where i learn nothing i meet no one you know it doesn't really help like the day to day of my like newsletter business or my community business or you know the the real estate business if these things were basically benefiting my ability to make money on my day job so that's why i i actually think when you're small it's actually not a terrible idea in fact a high time i've read a tim ferris thing a while back he wrote a long time ago before he started investing and he was basically like i'm just going to fund my own mba like if i was going to spend 200k yeah this is cool i think i can learn more investing that 200k in a mix of you know like public stocks and private you know startups and when i read that i was like oh absolutely like i will build a network i will build business knowledge i'll have skin in the game and actually this might become a profitable thing you know but the worst case scenario this was my rather than going to you know wichita state and like going get my mba like why why would i not do this and so once i read that that's how i started thinking about it was like i'm going to put 120k in that's like a you know that's business school and let me let me just get going well so we we not only thought about that with investing but we we lost 25 000 on the first summit we held various private summits in between summits where we would lose 20 grand here 10 grand there to throw like an event and i always saw that as an investment like you're saying like in like my network or my learning and the same thing i was talking to a guy the other day about he wanted some coaching and he was like debating whether i was worth like the monthly amount and he had like 400 grand in his savings and i was like well what do you want to do what else do you want to do with the 400 grand he wanted to put it into like robin hood and buy stock and i was thinking like man if i had known about coaching or consulting or some of the things i now know about you know like trainings that you could go get online you're taking like a writing course from like you know perel online like those things are so valuable like they're so worth the like three grand here the five grand there if you have you know a little bit of money saved i think that's so much better than trying to make like you know the index return on the stock market when at least when you don't have that much money i think um somebody said to me you know concentrate to get rich diversify to stay rich like when you don't have that much money like put your money into building yourself up building up your learning building up your network and then later when you're when you're much richer then diversify and have a you know an allocation and a portfolio like that i don't know if we're gonna get so like sean do you agree i think the clips that we're doing are like the greatest thing that's like one of the most proud things i am even though they're all of you it's like it's the most proud thing that like i'm so proud of that and i'll tell i don't even know if anyone has been it this far but we're gonna we uh we hired i can tell you we hired these we were just about done with the contract they're gonna be doing 30 to 60 a month across the whole hustle organization and you and i can take up as many as we want um i think that they are the greatest thing ever and all i want to do clips is talk in talking 120 second bites so it becomes uh right you got to google google the hustle on instagram and you'll see these clips i'm talking about they're getting like sean sean did one the other day that uh the michael jordan thing i think it has 150 000 views at this point um me and zach did one where that has 80 000 views like it's so fun that's the most proud i am so i don't know if we're gonna get any clips out of this i feel like if if the guys by the way the guys who are listening to this and doing it if you don't feel like you get a great bit cloud clip from this message me on slack i'm gonna record a clip worthy bit cloud thing because i know how you guys will animate it because we have to get a bit clock clip that has to happen through either the stuff you got out of this or i will say a full like two minute monologue if we need to i want to i want to do a clip too let's all do it let's all get that they're they're really good sean's sean's naturally good at it i think i'm okay at it uh ryan you gotta talk way faster to get good at it you gotta like you have to pack these with information you have to talk really fast that's kind of hard to jump because i have uh a i got it back to baby that b i have a very i'm gonna literally go execute a shakedown uh right now and i can't wait to see what happens if i get shot and you know hey this was my last hurrah by my big clout in my memory but i gotta go shake down somebody who stole something from me and uh get it back because uh i know who hasn't god i love you you were talking about this once and you were like dude i would go back and you said you have done it or you said you would go do it i have done it and i'll i remember at the time being like this guy's a maniac i would never do that and now i'm so enraged that the person stole and also like there's no other recourse the cops are like well you know what are we gonna do like you're the cops and like the and then you know the you know the lawyer's like well you could try to like sue him but you know just don't cross the line don't like don't hurt don't don't physically hurt them just just yeah yeah make it but basically the the cops were like here's what you okay they're like once they understood what i wanted they're like oh you need something called a civil assist and a civil assist is where a cop goes with you you say i'm going to confront somebody and a cop goes with you to ensure that nothing goes down just as a thought so to let it go and think of it as oh my god no right let it be angry for mental health point of view i understand don't tell them to forget about this person will keep stealing unless they understand that we know that they're stealing and we can stop them from doing it so i need to well you can say to them i i hey i by the way i know you're stealing and i'd really appreciate if you don't steal enjoy the things you've already stolen i'm no and uh but i'd really appreciate if you don't anymore all right right do you realize how how how much rage drive people to be successful and how much revenge i don't want you to tell me to forget about it i want you to teach me how to use my rage to fuel me to be better dude there's such funny things you can do with this someone's been stealing my bike seat outside my house here i've been it's been stolen twice in the last six weeks and like you know you can just put a note outside like here's i'm gonna put i'm gonna go buy a few extra bike seats and just leave them out for them and you can put a nice dude out there with some lemonade no taste them what the whole no don't write them a note i want you to like tase them all right come to miami you're gonna tase them i'm gonna give them lemonade and we'll let's let's see how it all plays out oh man now i'm torn i got ryan on one shoulder telling me to you know turn the other cheek and go to amazon literally say no tase them go to amazon type in paddle prod order the top one meditation cushion yeah you do your way i'll do my way i could be what i want to i put my all in it like no days off on the road let's travel never looking back