selling companies is hard. Most people will never sell one. How are you able to sell so many, you think?

That's a great question. And let me ask you, Sam, I don't know if we've talked about this. Have you ever sold a company?

I had a small hundreds of thousands of dollars sale for this company, The Hustle. We had term sheets and I walked away at the last minute. I've had two or three term sheets and I've walked away from them and I've never closed the deal.

So, yes. So I bought I've also helped buy companies, too. Yeah.

So it's a similar it's similar skills on both sides of maybe slightly different. But people don't realize selling a company is very difficult. Like it's there's three skills.

There's starting a company, there's building it and they're selling it. And Sean sold his company to to Twitch. Yeah.

OK, congratulations for you. Yeah. And so you know what I'm talking about.

Like you'll you'll your company's up for sale and everybody's in you meet a bunch of people. I don't know if you met a bunch of people, but like I would meet a bunch of people each time and you kind of there's this courtship and you kind of fall in love with each other, like just like in a courtship. And then there's and then there's suddenly you move into a different period where lawyers take over and you're waiting.

It's a waiting period and it's a due diligence period. And it's a very painful period because before you were in this like massive selling and dating mood. But now you're like living together and you're getting to know each other.

And you know, you don't want her to figure this out too fast. And, you know, before she really falls in love and, you know, and all that dopamine you get when you first meet has gone away. And it's by the way, that's when I started this podcast was during the due diligence period because I got so itchy because I was waiting and I was like, oh, my God, I'm going to jeopardize this deal either because I'm going to push too hard just because I'm impatient or I'm going to go start another business, which is the worst thing I can do while I'm trying to sell this one.

So I was like, I need to do something. And so that's why I started the podcast was during that due diligence period. Yeah, that's smart because I would just do nothing but wait.

And it's it's it's a painful process. And the way you sell is, first off, you have to and this is not you have to be sincere the whole way through. You have to have a vision that matches their vision very strongly.

And it has to explain why you would if this your business is so great, why do you want to sell it? Like there's that inherent contradiction in selling a business. And I was always aware that I would, you know, in every business I've sold that I would be better off with a better capitalized partner.

And now maybe I would limit my upside. But, you know, the first time you sell a company for millions and then the second time, if you're broke, the second time you sell a company for millions and then the third time, it's OK to not sell for billions because you want to get that initial chunk. But you also have to say, look, together, here's how it's one plus one equals three.

And you have to be really persuasive on on why one plus one equals three, even for you personally, like you have to be able to express that this vision is going to benefit you personally if you partner with this other company. And and and it has to really make sense. And then and then, of course, you have to survive this waiting period.

You have to survive the initial period where they're still checking you out. But now you're together and you have to integrate and get along and you have to keep all your employees because usually there's some back end earn out or something like that. Like every you have to understand deal structure so you're not ripped off.

It's very easy to be ripped off by lawyers in a deal. And people don't realize that. And you have to be you have to have some skills at negotiation, which negotiating is one of those things that nine out of 10 people think that they're above average, which is impossible.

Like you have to be four out of 10 only could be above the median. And only one out of 10 is really good enough to to sell a company properly. And so I had to learn the hard way how to negotiate.

And like when they come to you and they say, well, how much do you want for your company? That's a very hard question to answer because you don't want to sound greedy and you don't want to sound desperate and you don't want to sound and you don't want to underprice yourself. So there's all sorts of negotiating techniques that you have to use to to help them answer that question in a way that works for both sides, not just for you.

Did you value your companies on a multiple of your profit or revenue? Or was it if you use our stuff with your audience or your current products, it will create this much value? So that also is a really great question because there's three ways to value a company, right?

The one is a standard industry multiple on your earnings and cut it in half, by the way, because no one's going to pay the maximum. You cut it in half. So everybody wants to get a deal.

So like if if you have a profitable company and it's an industry that trades on the stock market for 20 times earnings, then your company is probably your last year's profits times 10, the 20 divided by two. That's just a basic formula. Or you could do what you just said, which is, hey, and I learned this for my second company.

I didn't learn this for my first. My first company was profitable, unlike every other internet company. And so we sold for about 10 times earnings, which was was was a mistake.

The second company was like I did value it like how you said, which is if if you if we put ads all over here and you're driving this amount of traffic and we monetize those ads and then you cut that in half, this is what we're worth. And the second company I sold on the basis of that. The challenge there is with the other company, you work out this formula for how you're going to value your company based on their their them helping you build your earnings.

And the challenge is then you fill in all the variables. They know the variables better than you. So you have to make sure when you're negotiating the formula that and you agree on the formula that you understand the variables enough to that it works out to what you want.

I didn't do that part properly on my second negotiation. And then the third way to value things is you look at other companies acquired in the space. They sold for this.

We're bigger. So we should be this. Now, that's kind of a BS way to value a company.

But that is how people value companies often, particularly in the in the tech sector. Like Giphy. I don't know what how they value themselves, but certainly wasn't off of earnings.

I don't think they had 20 million dollars in earnings. My guess is they were losing money. So so they probably valued off of something, some kind of comparable deal in the Internet.

Yeah, because and then tenor sold tenor, which is if he's competitor just sold to Google a year before for a little less than that. Oh, who is their competitor? A company called Tenor.

T-E-N-O-R. They were and their competitor. Yeah, it just as a side.

Is it true that Giphy was the second largest search engine in the world? That's what they're saying. Yeah, they don't think they love that.

Yeah, they love to say that. YouTube was. Yeah.

So YouTube is number two and that would be a thing is three. Amazon for right? Like so.

Yeah. Depends what you call a search engine. But I did interview the founder in New York and it is huge.

It was just. There was no way to make money off of it, really. Yeah, I had that issue.

I was I was a seed investor and on the board of Bitly. So Bitly had about five percent of the Internet's traffic every day running through it. And for the life of us, we just could not figure out how to monetize it like it was impossible.

And they did exit the private equity firm. I bought it, but it was like a two or three X, which is not really what you're looking for in an angel investment.