Let me ask you a quick question before we wrap up. Getting wealthy, like we're talking nine figures, liquid net worth wealth. Getting wealthy, is it really hard to do it just from cash flow?

Or do you think you have to sell something? Sell a business, sell real estate, sell something. Capital gains versus income.

You're saying liquid, so not paper, not your paper net worth. Liquid, which includes things that could be traded in 30 days. Very hard.

Very hard to do just off cash flow, I believe. I think it's just much slower. Just look at the basics.

When you sell something, you're going to sell it for some multiple of the free cash flow that it's going to generate for you. So just by definition. 10 or 20 years.

Sometimes it's 5x, sometimes it's 10x, sometimes it's 20x, sometimes it's 3x, whatever. There's different multiples for different industries. But fundamentally, it's a multiple, which is a multiplier on how fast you're going to get the money, the value out.

So let's say to get to 100 million, whatever number of years that would take, you then have to divide that by five. And that's how fast, at minimum, you could have got there just selling the asset and taking the 5x multiple. So, of course, you can get there.

But do I know ways you can get there with the same speed? I don't think so. Because even those are like, I take the cash flow, I invest it in a thing, and then that thing grows faster and I can sell my stake in that.

Because it's like, you have a choice. So you could spend your time, you could spend your time building a service or some type of business where you can make significant cash flow, $2, $3 million a year. Not work that much.

But it's not necessarily an asset that could be sold. So there's a few businesses like this. Or it could just be like the way this podcast gets paid.

It's not like a particularly, maybe, but maybe the podcast is not a good example. But it's not, you know what I mean, not necessarily an asset. Like your Maven course.

Your Maven course is not an asset that could be sold. But it could potentially make many millions of dollars a year. Versus you just say, you know what, screw it.

I'm not doing that because I have to build a business that could sell. So do you prefer, do you think, cash flow or an entity, an asset that is independent of you and can be sold? I don't know.

I don't think do I prefer is really the right way to think about it. It's like you need both, right? Like, for example, you need both for two reasons.

One is maybe you're going to use the cash flow to invest, right? Maybe what you're going to do is you're going to buy great assets and let them compound over time. Well, where are you going to get the cash flow to begin with, right?

When we had Andrew on last week, he's like, I took the cash flow from the design agency of Metalab and I used it to buy majority stakes and all these other businesses. And then let those compound over 10 years and like, boom. You know, so he reached that goal and more doing that.

And so, you know, maybe you need the cash flow to make those investments, right? Like if you don't know cash flow, how are you going to invest in anything? And secondly, I like to live a good lifestyle.

So sometimes cash flow businesses are great because it's like, yeah, sure, compounding is awesome. But so is, you know, like fucking Gucci shoes or whatever. I choose your thing you're into.

Like, yeah, Gucci shoes. Like sometimes those are better than like this. Yeah, dude.

Whenever I hear old asset. Whenever I hear Buffett talk about the long term and like patience, I'm like, bitch, you're like 95. Like there is no long term.

You shouldn't have patience anymore. You should have like, you should immediately spend whatever you want to spend. There is no such thing as a long term due for you.

Sam Parr. Let's see like the headline. Sam Parr, colon, to Warren Buffett.

Bitch, you're 95. There is no long term. You're right.

That's what I think about. He needs to pivot his strategy. Well, I'm just like, you know, like if you want to do it because you have to be fine.

But like and Bezos talks about those two. It's like a long time. Like, I mean, you don't really.

Who cares? Like, you know, just live life how you want to live. You got it.

Yeah. So I've always like, why are you delaying? It always pisses me off.

I'm like, why are you delaying to have the best time of your life when you're like old and don't even want to do shit? Like, you don't have to do that anymore. Sure.

Yeah. Yeah, for sure. And, you know, some people are happy along the way.

That's that's fine. But like, yeah, I feel like you had it. I feel you asked me this question because you had an opinion or a story.

So let's just skip. No, because I think you have a good opinion or story on this. I don't have a no, I don't have an opinion yet.

But I'm like, with my life now, it's like I can. I think that in I think in six to I think in a matter of six months, I could probably create a business from scratch that does a million dollars a year in profit. It would be based off of like my image.

I'm not saying I have that. I'm just saying like I'm sure I could do that. Plus, with like a couple other side projects, I think I could very realistically have two or three million dollars a year in cash flow.

Easily. But very. But yeah, easy.

And maybe I do already have. I don't even want to say I do or do not. But I like if you did, that would have been a weird way to say it would have been a weird hypothetical.

But OK, let's continue on. I got some cool shit going on, I'll say. But and I'm thinking about where I spend my time and I'm like, is it actually worth it?

Like or should you just not care about cash flow and build something that's like much bigger that you could sell? I don't know. I'm just trying to figure out like where do you actually spend time?

The real answer is what gives you most joy? Yeah, exactly. And like whether you don't work backwards from do I want cash flow or do I want long term capital gains?

That's not like the starting point of a decision. You kind of just need to make sure you're winning in one way or the other. Don't be weak in either area or like don't be weak in both.

Basically, it's like the way to do it. Like, for example, you could buy a home in San Francisco. You're going to have terrible income from that property.

It's not a good income property because in most places, San Francisco, your rent, the rent you could charge somebody is not going to outpay the mortgage plus. Yeah, it's going to make a 3% cap cap. But you can go buy, you know, some home in whatever, you know, Houston or something like that.

It can cash flow thousand dollars, two thousand dollars a month. And it's good income property. But it's, you know, going to appreciate super fucking slow.

Whereas the San Francisco home, you know, in 10 years is going to have, you know, whatever, more than doubled in value. And so, you know, it's there's appreciation properties and income properties. Same thing.

Like, I think you just do whatever gives you the kind of whatever's whatever gives you juice today. And you think might give you juice going forward. And then you got to say, all right, before I do this, I got to make sure it's going to be strong in either one of these.

Either it's got to be awesome for cash flow or it's got to be awesome for for appreciation. And if it's awesome for cash flow, basically, I'm just going to use the cash flow to buy assets that are going to appreciate it with somebody else doing the work instead of me doing the work. It's you kind of end up at the same point either way.

Yeah, I don't know. I've just been thinking about, like, how to spend time. You know, you know, who's killing it and has done a really good job of, like, putting off making cash is our friend Nick Huber.

I am an investor. And so I get to see some of the numbers of his storage deals. And I don't think he crushed it, like, in terms of personal cash flow for a long time.

But, like, the way that things have compounded, I'm like, oh, holy moly. If you just eat shit for, like, six, seven years and pick the right asset, things look really cool. Yeah.

Yeah, I think he's done great. And also, I think he is, like, I think he personally has great terms with his investors, meaning, like, I think it's quite favorable to him. Yeah.

Incredibly. Not in a bad way, but, like, he makes sure he gets to eat, right? Whereas at the beginning, if you have no capital, you're, like, you know, you sort of make a deal with the devil in a way where you're, like, all right, I'm going to take no management fees, no acquisition fees, and a low carry.

And I think now he's like, look, I'm good, and I know it, so I'm going to take a higher fee, higher acquisition fee, and I'm going to take, you know, my healthy carry. So, you know, good on him. I think a lot of people in real estate are able to do that pretty well.

I know somebody's crushing it in real estate, and they do just that. They have, like, a, you know, 50% carry on the deal or something crazy. And they're like, yeah, because my deals are awesome.

I make hits. And I win. So, like, it doesn't make sense for me to do this at any less than that.

And I'm like, okay, that's, like, next level winning. All right, and then I forgot to tell you this, but this is the most important thing. I can't believe we didn't talk about this earlier, to be honest with you.

Because if you're listening to this and you like what you're hearing right now, and you haven't gone and subscribed to the My First Million podcast, wherever you get your podcast, then that's the thing you've got to do. There's nothing more important than doing that right now. And don't do it because I said to do it.

Do it because you want to do it. Do it because that's who you are. There's this awesome, you know who Foo Fighters are?

You know, Dave Grohl. Dave Grohl is the lead singer of Foo Fighters. Yeah, and they've been writing hits forever.

And before that, he was the drummer in Nirvana. So he's, like, just wrote hit after hit for a long time. And someone asked him about, he's like, you know, you write hits and what's your process?

And, like, a fan was asking about old music. And he stopped and he goes, wait a minute, let me cut you off here. He goes, I don't write deep cuts.

I write hits. And he was just like, he's like, everything I write, I write it to be a hit. Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't.

But it's all meant to be. And that's like your real estate friends. He's like, I write hits.

That's why he gets that 50% carry. Exactly. Exactly.

And respect. I respect somebody who's like, I'm playing the game. And I play to win the game.

You know, I'm not playing something else. I'm not going to tell you I'm not playing the game. I am playing the game.

And I'm playing to win. And it's actually like, I really respect people who just clearly play the game. And they're, like, open about it.

And they're like, yeah, I play the game. I'm playing to win. And here's, you know, like, good.

If you dislike the game or dislike me, that is your choice. And I actually dislike people that are the, like, virtue signal types where it's like, they are playing the game. But they'll do anything in their power to, like, make it look like they're not playing the game.

And there's a lot of that. Like, in Silicon Valley, there's a lot of that. Here's how that plays out that I see.

There's person starts the company. Bullshits about, like, why they're doing the company or why this problem is the problem they decided to spend their life on. It's like, no, bitch, you're, like, you're, you know, you're doing this because it's good business, not because you really wanted to help, you know, small to medium-sized enterprise businesses save money on whatever, right?

Like, that wasn't your actual intention. You probably like that you have happy customers and that they're good, you know, you're helping them. But, like, let's be real.

If I took away the money, you'd stop. We're saving the world one cloud. Have you ever seen on Silicon Valley, we're saving the world one cloud processor at a time?

Or some bullshit. It's like, and then they're, like, they're, like, at the, they're, like, someone calls them out. They're, like, dude, this is all rich guy.

Like, Kid Rock just was the singer for the show, and he's the poorest guy here. Yeah, exactly. And so, I think in Silicon Valley, you see that a lot.

You'll also see that with the origin story about, like, you know, why they decided to do this. You're, like, oh, are you sure you decided to do this because, you know, your cousin got diagnosed with this, you know, rare thing, and that's why? Or was it that you ran paid ads at five different products, and this was the one with the highest click-through rate?

Because I'm pretty sure when I was talking to you, it was, this was the highest click-through rate. All right, cool. That's my company, right?

Like, there's a lot of that. So, the other one is. The guy who started Dollar Shave Club, I saw an interview with him, and some of the times he's, like, I started Dollar Shave Club because I was just sick of going to Walgreens, and I had to ask them to, like, open up the razors.

And then another interview, he was, like, he's, like, man, my father-in-law is, like, crazy, and he likes just to buy random stuff. And one time he bought a shipping container full of cheap razors, and we just had to figure out a way how to sell them all. Yeah, exactly.

And that's why we did it. Exactly. And, you know, I'm in the 2% of the population, I think you are, too, where we're, like, oh, sweet, respect for trying to flip the storage container and then realizing there's a business there.

Versus, like, you know, the kind of, like, the Shark Tank version of the story, which was, like, we were just so fed up with our options, right? And, like, I get, again, I get it. I've done that.

I might do that again. But am I a little bit disgusted by it? Yes.

Same thing with, same thing with, I'll do that usually when I have business. It's just partners, not when it's my own business. Like, when I'm the only, when I get to just be a cowboy on my own, I'll just do what I want and be like, yeah, I don't care if this is bad for the business.

It's fine. The other day I ate an entire jar in one sitting of peanut butter from, it was the Jiffy cheap shit and I just felt so bad about myself, but I didn't regret it. And that's kind of, like, how you feel.

But I wanted to do Hill-Rest stuff for my friend. Mission statements are like a pint of Ben and Jerry's. Like, it feels good doing it and you may not regret it, but you feel guilty about yourself.

The other version of this is, like, people who on Twitter are, like, they call themselves, like, shit posters. Or they're, like, you know, they basically try to signal, like, you know, I'm not going to just, I'm not one of those investors who blogs about content and tries to. I'm a cool mom.

I'll tell you the real deal and I'll make jokes and blah, blah, blah. It's like, they're the ones trying to carefully curate their brand more than anyone. If you actually meet these people, they're, like, so conscious about their brand and, like, you know, how many followers they're getting and, like, how viral their stuff is going.

And, like, they are, you know, like, they are so meticulous about that stuff while trying to give off their appearance. It's like bedhead, right? It's like, oh, no, I just woke up like this.

It's like, oh, are you sure you don't use a product called bedhead that, like, you know, like, makes it look slightly messy? But, like, you know, you're actually carrying where every strand of hair goes. And so, you know, I have more respect for, like, people who are, like, yeah, like, you know, like Pomp or Sahil or they're, like, yeah, like, people really like to hear about Bitcoin.

So I just tweet Bitcoin shit all the time. It's great. Like, I like Bitcoin and they like Bitcoin.

So I'll just tweet, like, I'll just set up a calendar. I'll be, like, yeah, I'm going to tweet Bitcoin stuff because I figured if I get a big Bitcoin following, that'll be, like, really good for me. Or, like, you know, Sahil's like, yeah, I put it, I put out these threads about these, like, finance topics because I think I'm good at it and they go viral.

And then it gives me all these dope connections versus, like, you know, I just want, like, I feel that knowledge is, you know, knowledge needs to be accessible for all and free. And that's why I democratize knowledge. Yeah, I want to democratize financial knowledge.

Like, I used to work on Wall Street and the insiders know things that the rest of us don't. So I quit my job and started writing Twitter threads about finance to democratize finance. It's like, no, no, no, no, no, you didn't do any of that.

You wanted followers. And so you did what it took to get followers. Have you noticed how the word democratize is the new disrupt?

Democratize is, like, you know, what is democratize? It's the new disrupt. Democratize is the new, like, no offense, but.

That's a democratize. Democratize is, like, I'm about to fool you. This is good for me and not good for you, but I'm going to fool you by saying I'm democratizing something for you.

Buy my service. Buy my product. Yeah.

By the way, I do all this myself. I, again, I know it. I spot it because I got it.

I've done all this before. With my e-commerce brand, I've done the origin story thing. With my fund, I do this, too.

Like, my fund is called the all-access fund because I wanted to give access to all to be able to invest in the deals I do. Do I feel good that other people get access to good Silicon Valley deals? Yeah, sure.

Is that why I did the fund? Fuck no, that's not why I did the fund, right? I did the fund because I was writing checks and I wanted to write bigger checks and more checks into more companies.

And that was more than my personal bankroll would allow. So I raised money from other people to do that. And I get, you know, like, so now I get to write more checks into more awesome companies.

That's why I raised the fund, not because I wanted to democratize access to, like, you know, angel investing for, like, you know, a middle school teacher in Tennessee. I can't stand democratizing. We're going to democratize this by only charging you $50,000 for this piece of clothing instead of, like, I've seen people like, we're going to democratize knowledge.

And it's like a $5,000 course. I'm like, oh, not really, dude. You know, you could democratize these nuts.

It's like, oh, good ratchet. What do you think, Ben? Was today, were we with it or what?

I thought today was a hit. I thought today was a huge hit. This is, yeah, other than, like, the Steph Smith episodes of Rob Dyrdek, this is A-plus territory.

Oh, great. Are we going to have to cut out my democratize these nuts? No, no, no.

Don't do it to us. Yeah. And then, so we have to plan the MFM summit.

So I agree that making a destination is cool. I have a thing that I, you're going to have to bleep out what I'm about to say. I know the thing.

I know the thing. Yeah. Yeah.

I got the guy. I got a really, like, famous house that person might be interested in hosting us. I don't know if that's.

But that's just going to be a dinner, right? Like, that's going to be, like, an hour thing? No, no, no, no.

We might be able to do a proper thing there. But I don't know if the logistics are going to work out. So I think, but I think that we could do, like, something outrageous.

You know, we have to think about what outrageous means. But I do think we could have something outrageous. I think a cruise ship, like, that's not a bad idea.

A cruise ship or, like, some type of famous venue. Or, fuck, we could just go to Hawaii. Just do, like, on the beach in Hawaii.

We could figure something out. But we do need to do, like, a summit. I think if you're going to get people to fly out.

Like, if people are going to have to travel for it, I think to get the value, again, the easiest hack is first make it a couple days where people get to hang and meet each other. So make it, like, a two-day thing. And then secondly, just make it already fun if it was just a vacation, if there was no content on top.

But it's, like, then you combine some content, getting to meet us, and getting to meet other people in the community, plus already it was a good, like, kind of vacation-type experience, then that's cool, right? And, like, I don't know. Let's do, like, bring a fitness component.

Bring a, like, let's bring all the components of the stuff we talk about where there's, like, you know, experiences beyond sitting down and listening to people talk. It's, like, why not do a group workout or, like, let's get an MMA guy to, like, you know, take us through a set, like, take people through a session or something. I don't know.

Like, something like that. Down. All right.

Let's schedule it. I, I, do you, do you like that $500 price mark, price point? This, I mean, we should do this as an NFT.

No doubt. We should make this an NFT, and then only the NFT holders can attend, and then they can flip their NFT to somebody else if they want to. But make it a limited number of NFTs for this.

Down. All right. That's it.

All right. That's the episode.