Knowing what you know about what makes valuable companies and what builds wealth, what are some businesses that you'd want to start right now? And what would you optimize for? And what metrics would you try to optimize for?

And how? Yeah, I mean, I think it depends on what you're trying to optimize for. If you're just trying to build wealth.

I'm asking you. Well, I'm asking you. For me personally, I mean, I really find value in balancing home life and work, right?

So family is super important to me. So my answer would probably be a little bit different for me and I want to live not in a big city. That's okay.

I want to hear what you would do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if I was starting over today, I would probably start something in the construction space or home services space, office services.

I want to get in something that's, you know, I like competing in areas where there's not a natural selection of people into that, right? So you don't want to be in the winery business because everyone in Silicon Valley that exits a business goes and buys a winery, right? And pumps a bunch of money into it.

Like I don't want to be in the film business because everybody who, you know, every son of a billionaire, you know, makes movies. You know, owning restaurants is really difficult. I mean, separate from all the stuff we're going through now because everyone, you know, that makes any money thinks it'd be easy and wants to own their own restaurant.

So I like to things that sort of have a natural selection bias against them. Like nobody drives by somebody building a swimming pool in Arizona in the summer and says, you know what? I really want to quit my job in the air conditioning and go dig a hole in the ground, right?

So we want to get involved in things like that. I would try to take something probably that is small and partner with them that they already have the infrastructure in place, the sort of the technical side and the systems there. And then I would really try to spend some time.

You know, how can we use, you know, latest technology to make us more efficient, try to build something that's scalable sort of beyond the geography and get a model down, a billing model, a sales model down that we thought was replicatable. And it really had some sort of moat around it. And then I would try to scale it over time.

And I think there's a lot of stuff. Yeah. Anything specifically?

I think it would depend on largely on what I could find in the geography. I mean, here in Columbia, I mean, there's a fantastic HVAC service company that's still fairly small, but they've got great systems. They actually develop their own software.

It'd be something like that, that I'd want to partner with and say, okay, look, look, you know, I want to get my hands dirty. I want to get involved in it. I mean, I'm not an investor by heart.

Like, I mean, I'm an entrepreneur. That's what I love to do. I mean, I think that's the biggest thing that I love to do is how we think about our businesses is being operators and entrepreneurs.

And so I wouldn't necessarily get involved in finance. I mean, finance to me is a mechanism that allows and enables entrepreneurship and, you know, running real companies. It's not trading paper back and forth.

So I would probably get far more involved in sort of non-tech entrepreneurship, which I know you guys are in Silicon Valley and this can fall in deaf ears. No, I like, I like what you're saying, but you, you, so you said HVAC, you said HVAC. Yeah.

Pools, lawn service. I think, you know, I like lawn service. Yeah.

Like lawn, like lawn and garden care type stuff. I mean, have you ever tried to get somebody to call you back? It's yeah.

You want to hear something cool? We had, so Brian, you know who Brian Scudamore is? Scudamore?

1-800-GOT-JUNK? Oh yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. So the guy is the guy who owns it.

His name is Brian. He's Canadian. He's friends with me and Sean.

I shoot the shit with him every once in a while. It's like a, what is that Sean? Like a $500 million a year company.

He owns all of it. And he, we either me or someone of us asked him where opportunity is. And he goes, man, if I had to do the same thing, I would do 1-800-GOT-JUNK, but I would do it from lawn care or for irrigation.

Yep. Yep. That's what I'm talking about.

Yeah. I mean, there's, there's, there's all these like strange, I mean, niches that you can get into. What I would do is probably take my time and go and talk to a lot of people who are already in business and say, what is your biggest problem?

Like who's the supplier that you're most annoyed with? You know, what's the customer that you have that's just killing it, that type of thing. And then I'd probably go try to snake my way into one of those, one of those businesses.

And then just, it's really just about getting a foothold. Right. I mean, that's what you need is you need a foothold and then you can start building on it from there.

And then the problem is if you've got a, if you've got a boat that you're trying to row, that's rickety and, and it may look pretty on the outside, but it's just not going to go anywhere. It doesn't matter how hard you row it. And I think that's, you know, early in my career when I was involved in, you know, more of the agency business, that's how I felt.

It was felt like, I mean, I could just row that thing as hard as I could and I'd maybe get an inch further. And that's where I just want to get out of businesses that are like that. Speaker 1 Speaker 1 Speaker 1 Speaker 1 Speaker 2