A couple others. Okay, so here's an idea. So I was talking to my cousin and we were talking about like one of my cousins.

He's young. He goes on dates, uses the apps. Boom, boom, boom.

And then like our aunts and uncles are always like, oh my God, look at him. He's just swiping left and right. He goes on dates.

It's like really foreign concept to them. And so that was one data point. Okay.

Just kind of noticed, wow, my aunts and uncles, they really don't get it when it comes to this online dating thing. Data point two, I'm watching the debate. And I watched so much shit online that when I watch traditional TV, first of all, it's so slow.

And secondly, I start to see the commercials and I'm like, oh, this is what's being advertised to mainstream America. Like cars and drugs. It's very fascinating.

So like Noom was on there, which is like the diet, like nutrition plan thing. They do really, really well in OOM. We should break them down later.

They advertise. But the other one was some, it was this gray haired woman comes on the screen and she's like, oh, online dating. Where do I start?

And then it's like, well, open up your browser, type www dot and then URL. It's like, and then start clicking around. Like that was literally, that was the ad was like, how do I even get started?

It was like, here's how you get started online dating. I don't remember the name. Oh, come on.

It wasn't like a match or, you know, I had never heard of it before. So I started thinking and I was like, you know, there's so many people that are sort of in my sort of extended family and whatnot that are divorced and they're alone. And so I was thinking about them.

I was like, you know, it'd be great if they found someone. But the reality is they don't do a lot of online dating because it's so scary and foreign. And it's not the online part that's scary.

It's the expectation that you then need to go meet somebody. And so like, let's take my uncle, for example. My uncle's, I don't know, 65 years old.

He is divorced. He gets lonely. His kids are all grown up.

Everyone left the house. And, you know, he doesn't want to actually like, it'd be great if he met somebody who was awesome and they could just like be companions for the rest of their life. But he's sort of like, dude, I don't want to get out there.

Like last time I went on a date was 40 years ago. Like I think I'm just out of the game. It's easier to be lonely than it is to put yourself out there.

So anyway, long preamble for the idea. The idea is a service that's for older people. Let's make it just 50 and up as a rule.

And it's called just talking. And the expectation is you're going to go on here with other people who are like you or sort of single, might be alone, looking for companionship. But it's just talking.

You can't meet. It's not their real names. It's nothing.

It's just somebody you could log on to the computer and just talk to either through audio or text. And you could talk to them continuously or you could switch and pick somebody else and talk to them. But it's just companionship as a service.

And it's not dating. You're not going to start going out with this person. You're not trying to get remarried.

You're just getting the reps in. You just don't want to be lonely at home anymore. And honestly, you can have a virtual relationship through this.

And it's because I was also watching Love is Blind. So good. And I was like, dude, somebody should make an app that's just this now off the back of the show.

Such a good idea. And so anyways, these are sort of some ideas. What do you think?

Let's learn about it by I love it. I love it. Winner.

That's a winner. What I would do is I would go and do research on the sex hotlines that used to exist that probably don't exist anymore. Right.

And I would want to learn how they work. I bet they crushed. So I'll shout out some like tangentially related.

So sex hotline related, but obviously. Master P used to own one that killed it. Then there's one, a startup out here in San Francisco called Papa.

Have you heard of this? Papa? Yeah.

No. Papa is grandkids as a service. So it's just young people that you that will just come over to your grandparents house and just do stuff for them and like talk to them, but like also do their laundry and like take out that trash.

Are they doing well? I don't know if they're doing well or not. They just launched.

They raised a bunch of money. And because there's this huge aging population of the baby boomers. And so there's this wealth of opportunities that are for this.

The largest generation of people ever in America is now getting old. And I forgot this woman was calling it the the gray new world and, you know, for gray hair. And so she's like, you know, the gray new world opens up all these possibilities.

So one is Papa, which is grandkids as a service. One is honor because I know honor. There's a huge shortage of caretakers for the elderly.

And so honor is a on demand caretaker platform that, you know, is dispatching track here. Are you going with caring for old people or helping people get laid? I'm talking about just talking.

That's my idea. But I was just tangentially saying there's some other businesses that are trying to help. How about Relationship Hero?

What do they do? Never heard of that? No.

Jack invested in it. And he says it's going well. It's called Relationship Hero.

Relationshiphero.com. And they teach you how to do online dating. Oh, okay.

Just coaching for online dating. Can you go to Relationship Hero? Yeah, pull that out.

That's how it started as. It might be a little bit different. This would be for younger people, though.

It would be for whoever. I think it could be. I think if you did just talking and you ran a bunch of Facebook ads, you could get a lot of people to pay to be a part of a community of people where they can have these online relationships.

I love it. And the expectation is you do not go offline. I think it's great.

It's a safe space. I think it's great is because the way that you're positioning it is as a marketplace. Those are notoriously hard to make, but once you have them, they're great.

Yeah. The reason why I like this is you can kind of fake it at first. Yeah.

So you can just hire people. You can have some operators. Yeah.

That are providing that companion. I think it's a great idea. You could seed the marketplace with the operators.

Yeah. I think it's awesome. We talked about OnlyFans.

Yeah. That's trending today on Twitter. Is it?

Yeah, worldwide. Because of what? Some shit must have gone down.

I didn't get the joke. I clicked on it and tried to understand it and I didn't get it. One out of three Twitter trends.

Yeah. Don't fucking get. It was a top.

OnlyFans, which we talked about. OnlyFans, great business. But I love just talking.

I think that's a great idea. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you very much.