So what you got what's interesting to you? Okay, so I'll start with one that we went go-karting a couple weeks back And so I'm really into kind of VR AR. I mean, you know this I've kind of gave you an oculus Yeah, you can you know feel my you gave him one?

Yeah, I gave him a great gift That's awesome. Yeah, I was like John you got to do this. You're never gonna buy one on your own You're gonna be a skeptic forever.

Here you go. Are you using it? Yeah, because he was telling me he's like There's this one thing you're cuz I was skeptical.

I was like, is there any good games like what am I gonna do with this? And he's like dude, you gotta try this poker stars thing and I was like, okay, what a VR poker Why do I need that it is fucking amazing? Have you tried this thing?

Well, I've done boxing. I played all the games, but I didn't gotta try the poker one It's incredible. I'm gonna go buy an ocular supposed to play.

Yeah, seriously, you should they're sold out So it's gonna be tough, but you know, maybe we can get you one too. You really can't buy one right now They're out dude. They're totally from from Christmas.

They just completely sold out and then they haven't been able to refill it They said it was January then February now. It's March and then they're talking about all these delays from China That's a good sign for VR. Yeah, I mean they totally It's the first device where I looked at it and I said I can give it to somebody that's not a VR junkie and they would actually get excited about it and I think the poker one is great because you actually people want to build these really immersed experiences like boxing But actually you don't really want entertainment like that all the time.

I actually want more sit-on-the-couch experiences and so you know some of the things I've been thinking about in VR is like what can I build while I'm on the couch? Yeah, and so This idea hat is not about that But that was the tangent in VR, but we went go-karting and you know when you go go-karting It's really about how quickly you make these turns. How fast are you?

How good of a driver? Are you? You know, how aggressive are you?

You know things like that and afterwards We were just kind of talking about some ideas and I was like dude, it'd be cool if we could you know Go to a go-karting place But it's like mario kart instead where you have these ar goggles over your head and it's not about quick turns And it's like a longer track where you can kind of like have some space But I you know would digitally go over this box and I now have a weapon that I could shoot at your car And if I hit you successfully your car kind of shuts down for a second and you're stuck So I like the real life mario kart. Is this like the sandbox thing? So this would be like sandbox or like museum of ice cream.

It'd be a place you go Put on this thing play with a bunch of friends I'm big on sandbox like laser tag. It's like modern day laser tag. Do you think that sandbox is a big business?

I think sandbox is fantastic. I mean It's hard to see if it's gonna be successful or not because retail has all these problems and having space has all these problems But that's not retail Well, yeah, it's not retail but they're they kind of have retail spaces, right? Like they want to be brick and mortar, right?

Yeah They want to be like in a spot where there's a lot of yeah I mean it's just it's just an activity. It's just like escape room or something It's like escape room, but it uh escape room and I know I know guys who own like 200 escape rooms are they awesome? It's an amazing business because escape rooms are super lightweight.

You don't do anything. You just have a room if one person You buy the kit and you just keep like reassembling the room And you have these like very small foot how big is that company? Well, it's not one company, but it's it's like like you can just own a different Sorry, but yeah, but like you can own a mcdonald's franchise.

They still report revenues as one. Yeah You