do you regret buying your home yes uh sam what's up what's going on let me pull up some of our documents um i'm in austin still and what's going what's what's uh what's the world like in austin right now crazy everything's crazy i don't think it's as bad as san francisco but the world is crazy i uh i decided to we got a new office down here and so i rented a house uh to see everyone and uh it's cool austin's a great city what do you think is going to happen to san francisco do you think it's going to like is this going to be the end of uh san francisco being like the place uh i think so yeah i i think so for a couple reasons um you know right now i'm selling my house yeah i was gonna say your your house looks different you're decorating it to sell aren't you yeah i am i am trying to sell my house right now so it's about to go up for sale uh and i'm trying to move to the to the suburbs of uh the bay area but and so right now because i'm doing that i'm in the middle of the market and listening to people i'm just hearing you know what are they um what's it like am i is the market hot to sell am i going to get a good price when i try to go look for something else is there a lot of stuff available or is it a bidding war and uh you know just like you would expect there's sort of a you know a flight to the flight to space right now uh and not like the spacex account i'm talking about like physical house space um people are the urbanization yeah the urbanization people are leaving cities um they're leaving san francisco for sure so a lot of people who are in san francisco are here because of the career opportunities and um now that the tech companies are saying you know either we are already remote or we're going remote or way more remote friendly and your work from home for the sort of foreseeable future there's basically no the premium the extreme premium i mean like one bedroom for four grand a month two bedrooms six grand a month you know type of rents um to be in the city and so like you know when a when a studio condo is a million dollars in the city uh you know if you don't have to pay that you're not going to and so people want space people want more affordability uh and people want to be away from like a whole bunch of other people from this virus and so that is driving a lot of people out of the cities now some people say oh that's just temporary personally i don't think so i don't think you can put the genie back in the bottle once the companies start letting you be remote it doesn't matter where you're physically located why would you live in a more expensive area only if that lifestyle really appeals to you which it will for like 20 something year olds right to be in cities but right now you get the 20 something year olds and the 30 something year olds because the 30 something year olds are there for their career and that's going to go away i feel like i've been in austin for a week now i'm going to stay for another week maybe i'll stay one more week down here it is definitely happier like the way of life is like it i for me and for many others i understand why you'd be happier here um like dude my new house i got i got a pool i'm like a swimming pool like what is this this is this is amazing that it makes me happy just looking at the swimming pool i like it too my thing though is i miss san francisco i want to come back i do miss a little bit of a struggle um i also miss the people uh like i hate the people and i love dangerous san francisco has like actual you know real problems with crime and homelessness and stuff like that i don't think anybody wants that and where they're living and so i think you know there's part of it that's the energy of a city it's like oh i love being in new york i love being in san francisco i'm around all these energizing interesting ambitious people a bunch of single people but then there's just like crime and homelessness and like extreme expenses that put a burden on you and i think that's nobody likes that i almost feel like like and not a real way but just because i can't think of a better word a little homeless where i'm like well where the is my place now like where's my like you know because i'm yeah you and i we're not quite similar you've done it more than i have but me to a lesser extent i've lived in many different cities and i finally felt like i had a home in san francisco and now i'm like shit like it's way like like damn it's way different and so uh i'm i'm pretty sad about it to be honest like i've been like depressed over it i'm also sad obviously about all the other shits going on is it are you seeing unrest and protesting and looting where you live i'm seeing it because i'm just glued to twitter and me too you know i'm just scrolling and i can't believe my eyes and uh it is it is so sad there's so many different things going on at the same time and the shitty part about that to me is that um everybody pulls a different meaning away from it so like if your bias going in is um you know you know if you're racist in one way you're going to look at this and say oh man they're rooting and they're looting and rioting and this is awful what do those small business owners do why are they why are they getting their store smashed and then if you're somebody else and you're looking at this you're like dude people are sick of it they've hit their breaking point because this has been going on for so long with police brutality and i totally understand what's going on and then other people are looking at it and they're sort of like hey what's like why are these other malicious groups kind of hijacking the movement and just inciting violence and you know antifa or some people believe you know russia china whoever it is who's dropping these pallets of bricks off trying to bait people into violence and you know some people just trying to make the world burn and so there's all these things mixed together and i think whoever you are you're going to select the evidence that supports your feeling and you're just going to get stronger you're just going to see more evidence towards your view and it's going to make people more divided my friend shared something and uh it was like four circles and it was like uh i'm pissed off about the racism in our country and black lives matter black lives matters has a point i'm pissed off that businesses are getting ruined this is not the right way to do it i'm pissed off at the police because i think most of them are good but a few bad uh cops ruined shit for everyone and then i forget the fourth one and then it was like at the center all the circles had a little bit of everything and like you can be here i was like that's how i feel i'm angry it's sad and so what was the fourth one what's the fourth circle i don't know what the fourth one was let's see uh it was really great though uh did you happen to see this go around i didn't see that but no that explains like exactly how i feel you know and how many people feel and um you know i think it's really crazy you know there's a whole bunch of things that you hear you learn from these experiences where you're like oh you know that is a sort of a nugget of wisdom or and a bit of empathy that i didn't have before and so you know when you see people that are um you know one great quote i saw was when you have a thousand good cops and ten bad cops but the good cops don't police the bad cops then you have a thousand and ten bad cops and you know i i believe that and then that sort of applies to my life too like in what anytime i sort of stand by and do nothing while injustice is happening that makes me sort of complicit in my own way right and um you know i think about little minor examples of that in my own life and then you know it was george floyd's george george floyd's death was murder and the police should be held responsible i think most cops are good but police departments are corrupt and there are some bad cops looting businesses and destroying properties immoral and it hurts the cause i empathize and i agree with black lives matter protesters and believe in them and their right to be heard and then right in the middle was like i am here and this is sad right yeah it's really crazy and i know people don't listen to this podcast to hear like you know um talks about socioeconomic issues and racism and whatnot but um you know this i think affects everybody this is very different than anything that's happened in my lifetime where you have riots breaking out across the nation um all simultaneously and things really do feel like they've hit a breaking point for many reasons i think also the fact that people were pent up at home for the last three months um i don't think that helps necessarily because that's a sort of um a bunch of a bunch of uh you know just water boiling over you know at a certain point as well i agree i so i i agree i i don't even love discussing this stuff because i don't think about it a lot and i also tend i try to like talk about the positive but let me bring something up that i don't think i have bring up brought up and i want to hear your opinion so um i don't this doesn't matter and it doesn't change i don't think it should like validate or did not evaluate anything i say so like my wife's black my family's black i'll have black children and this was the first time or half or partially black children this was the first time that i was at my house with sarah my wife and like she broke down she was like i don't i don't know how she's like i don't know where i fit in on this because she's like a successful black woman she's like i haven't had a lot of racist stuff happen to me or if any like i and it was and she's like but i yeah it was it was it was just a total mindfuck because i'm like fuck what am i supposed to how am i supposed to i don't i didn't know what to feel i didn't i was like i don't i don't know what to do and it was incredibly exhausting do you you you're indian do you consider yourself white or not white or what definitely don't consider myself white uh and nor does anyone who sees me thinks i'm white but i don't know like how but i get i get what you mean in the sense of like in some ways like do you feel that you're uh privileged or or prejudiced against i think that's a different way of looking at it and like you know my sister so we i was born in tulsa oklahoma which is like you know not the most open-minded and racially friendly place and so my sister when she was in kindergarten uh you know students would would draw a picture of a pig and then write her name on it and cover the pig in brown mud and then they would give it to the teacher and the teacher lacked my sister always remembers this like she was i don't know six years old and she vividly remembers the teacher sort of looking at this and laughing and saying no no put it away but like being you know involved in it and i never i don't understand that what what's the pig have to do is that because just like brown brown dirty in the mud you know that sort of thing and um and you know i remember you know when she went to my mom and was like why can't we be white type of thing where it's like you know asking questions as a kid just trying to understand why am i different what does that mean why do other people think we're worse than them that sort of thing i personally never experienced that because i luckily moved out of oklahoma when i was really young and went to different places where it was it was less so uh or just got lucky in sort of my experiences around who i was around um but i i guess i would say like you know when 9 11 happened you know it's not fun to be a brown guy in america right are you are you any religion are you muslim no i'm not religious but i would be hindu yeah i would be hindu but um you know just that's typically what most indian people are um but yeah you know i'm not religious but you know i do grow a beard pretty quick and so like yeah you know like when you go to the airport i don't think you think about how do i look today whereas i think about that because i'm like look i'm not trying to get hassled for no reason here so let me shave before i get on this flight or like you know i had friends who like are muslim who had like key their house keys taken away from them in tsa because it was like this is uh you know potentially a dangerous thing and they're like this is my apartment keys what are you talking about how does that make you feel so the fact that you have to shave are you angry or are you where do you what's that make you feel like uh i'm not angry about it you know i i sort of have this opinion that um uh my my personal philosophy if you're going to boil it down to any one thing is the only thing you have control over is your attitude towards the present moment and so um so that's empowering and disempowering right it's disempowering because it's like shit i can't control anything that's going on i can't control how other people feel how they're going to act i can't control the results i'm going to get in my life but it's empowering it's like the one thing i control is my attitude towards the moment so that sort of is a superpower because then no matter what the situation is no matter what the moment is i can decide what my attitude about it is going to be so for example when something shitty happens to me someone says something shitty or you know i you know get that extra sort of hey come into this room while i go through tsa clearance you know the meaning i put on that is of my choosing and if i put the meaning of it that you know i'm less than i'm being wronged um that doesn't help me it makes me feel like and so i just decide not to feel that way but i know that like on the grand scheme of things i get off pretty light it's very different than never feeling safe you know going for a jog in your neighborhood or something like that i think you know there's levels to it and i haven't experienced those levels where it would be very very challenging to put a positive meaning on what's going on yeah it's uh it's just a confusing time because you feel so many different emotions and some of them are uh opposite and i had to like talk to the whole company today which we're small let's say 20 or 30 people and i was like i don't know what to say other than if you guys like ever feel out of place somewhere like our company we're gonna we're gonna make you feel safe um like we'll hire all types of people we like i and i wasn't sure if that felt like weak or like um like oh like like barely anything to be done but i was like i don't know what i was like i don't know how to handle this other than you're safe here but uh yeah you know i think that's the right approach because it's not about having the answer or the wisdom or the most heartfelt thing and the best speech but like i think it is important if you're the leader to show up as a decent human being in that moment and just say look i understand i'm also feeling this crazy mix of emotions i just want to do my best with this anything you know we're gonna we're gonna try to do our best with this i think it goes a long way to just be a decent person and try to be present and visible there versus kind of shying away from it which is um what a lot of people do yeah it's crazy and uh i have a feeling once i have children my opinion is going to change a lot like or not my opinion but my i think i'll learn a lot um yeah like having black kids or part black kids i think well i will maybe i'll see something that i didn't previously see and one more thing which uh you know we can cut all this out if people tell us later hey you shouldn't have talked about this on the pod but did you watch the trevor noah um thing that he posted on youtube or whatever i did not i'm typically not a fan of his i think that a lot of the times the he says is the wrong take so i i tend to avoid him but i would watch it if you suggest it i i avoid him because he i don't think he's that funny but uh i did watch this thing and um you know he he brings up like what's going on he's like yeah a lot of people are looking at what's going on and saying well this isn't right either right of course police should not murder citizens that's wrong but also rioting and looting and destroying things is also not right and what his point was which i think made me better understand what was going on his point was like you got to think about this what is society you know society is essentially a contract it is an agreement amongst a group of people of here's what's right and wrong of how we're going to act here's the behaviors that are tolerated here's the behaviors that are not tolerated he goes so what you're seeing is that one side of contract you know if we're if we go into a contract together and you're just breaching your side of the contract regularly and without recourse and i just see wow this guy just keeps breaching his side of the contract then i also have no um no desire or incentive to uphold my side of the contract he goes you'll see somebody that's homeless and you know they don't go and just murder necessarily um because because they're in a bad position they say look these are the rules of the game i'm losing in the current game or i have not been able to sort of get to an advantage position in this game but like i still respect that we're in a game together and there are rules of this game he goes what you're seeing now is that a group of people you know black people in america feel like the contract has just been breached over and over and over again uh where they're you know unnecessary and um unjust violence against us and so now we're going to breach the contract too and we're going to sort of make it very known what it feels like when the contract is being breached for apparently no reason and it doesn't seem like a positive thing and so that made me look at you know when somebody is either protesting whether it's peacefully or not peacefully when somebody's rioting and they're creating a sort of unsafe environment for all it's sort of i don't know it's sort of uh explained to me why somebody would behave that way it's because if you feel like the other party's just terminally breached the contract and then there's no recourse then it's like i'm going to terminally breach the contract and and and we'll see we'll see how it feels and now both sides feel what it's like when the societal contract gets totally breached and let's definitely feel your attention i feel it i feel it definitely feels like uh like almost like the end of the world a little bit it's like there's it's like a small it's like in the same way having a new puppy is just like a small taste of having a baby it's like that's how i feel right now like i'm like if like the world if like everything that i believed in is going to come to an end it's gonna like a little a little like this right um you know for every sad story there's also an inspiring story where people are you know waking up the next day and going and cleaning up the city and people standing together and you know i think there's a lot of really positive things going on too and i think that's the you know that's the silver lining or that's the other side of the coin here where where um is progress being made and there's this guy there's this guy he's a listener i actually forget his name i think his name is zach i told you about him he's from utah he called me the other he calls me like every week like hey you're gonna come to utah now you're gonna come to you does he call you you're talking about no he calls me every week and he called me like a sunday ago when this all this corona thing was going like it was like bad corona and i just got some bad news and he called me i was like but fucking call me or like i like i lost my temper with him so first of all if you're a listening guy i forget your name but my apologies you just caught me at a bad time uh he just kept fucking calling me and i was so angry about the world and so anyway he was calling me about coming to utah i'm like maybe i need to get out to utah right now so if you're listening guy maybe i'll take you up on that offer right now i need to get the fuck out of like i feel like i'm afraid to be around the world at the moment so maybe i'll go out there let me ask you a question real quick and then we could talk about business if you want we don't have to oh you um you bought your house so your house is in a um uh you could say where you live if you want but we'll say it's a nice neighborhood that still has some issues in san francisco um it's like i would say it's one of the less nice neighborhoods of san francisco overall but it's still desirable because it's like in a hipster area uh do you regret buying your home yes do you uh is your what do you can you want to say what your rent is is that your new house or not uh yeah sure um so the new house rent is seven grand a month and was that less than your mortgage um yeah it's less overall because with a house you have you know property tax you have your mortgage and then you have like you know sort of the house maintenance issues that come up over time that you know there's miscellaneous things do you think you'll make any money a little bit less but similar do you think you're gonna make any money off of this deal not really uh and that's good you know because selling house has a lot of fees so like um you know when you buy a house if you want to sell it the next day you basically need to sell it for five percent more just with the broker fees and then there's like the transfer tax and then there's um you know all the staging costs you know it's gonna cost us 15 grand to stage the place and fix up the paint and the you know little scuffs and scratches that we've had along the way and then our you know we didn't take care of the lawn as good as we should have so we've got to get a landscaper so there's all these costs to selling so is it going to come out that you broke even and you live for free or is it going to come out that you just lived for acreage or whatever the yeah i lived for i lived basically about what i could have lived renting it or maybe a little bit ahead uh we'll see how it nets out like it's unknown right like with covet and stuff like we don't even know you know for somebody to come do an open house tour is like a lot of friction now it's like wear your mask sign this waiver blah blah blah so i don't know where it's going to sell for but the reason i regret it is not because of any of that um you know right before i bought the house like i had been house hunting and like a week before i was hanging out with silly and silly's you know 100 times wealthier than i am and i asked him i said do you own your place and i was hanging out with him at his house he's like no i was like why don't you own like you know just the most baller house here because you could and he was like oh yeah no i like the you know i like the flexibility of renting blah blah and i was like it seemed like he just kind of didn't give me the full answer there so i asked him again at the very end i was walking just didn't want to make you feel bad yeah i was walking to my uber and i was like so if you were me would you buy and he goes no and i go wait why and he goes he goes really simple he's like i just think i can get a better cap rate a better return on my money essentially um doing other things than than buying a home so like you know you put your down payment down 20 of your home in our case 25 and that money sits in your home and it's appreciating at the rate of your home appreciation which is like you know very well uh yeah historically across all homes i think it's three percent yeah exactly and san francisco did a lot better during a certain era where it was like 10 15 a year but his point was basically like yeah like i know that my if i take all my options for how to deploy a dollar you know stock market i can expect about a seven percent return you know i can do private you know startup investing i can do private equity i can put my money to a hedge fund i can do multifamily real estate there's like all these things i can do um putting it into a down payment of a house is not the best way and on top of that it doesn't spit off any cash flow so like if i do if i just buy a home and i rent it out to someone i get the appreciation of a home plus i get the cash flow every month where i try to say this to everyone and they hate hearing it and i understand why they hate hearing it but i think buying a house in our in our in austin all of our staff buys homes and i'm like look don't tell me you're buying this house because it's a good investment tell me you're buying this house because you want to like when i bought my steak last night i didn't think that this 30 dollars is a good investment i did it because i thought well it's not a financial investment but a good investment of like it made me happy i wanted it i work hard so i can have things i want so if you're so like if you buy your house don't tell me you're doing it because it's you're just throwing away money on rent right tell me you're doing it because it's going to make you happy or because you want to because that is a good reason but to say that it's an investment that's bullshit you could say that it's a great way to preserve wealth but it absolutely in most cases is not a great way to make wealth right yeah exactly yeah and and i don't blame anybody who thinks that i thought you know five seven years ago i would have also said wait isn't renting like flushing money down the toilet and if you buy your home you have equity and it is blah blah blah and i learned pretty quickly first smart person i talked to that were like no that's not exactly how it works um so yeah if you haven't gone down that rabbit hole go down the rabbit hole because the sort of american dream of like own your own home uh with your you know your white picket fence in your backyard um that is pretty silly and yeah it also made a lot more sense when the ratio of income to housing prices was closer than it is now now it's significantly different out of that and you face like you know risk right like when i'm in my home and now boom remote work is on the rise being in the city is not not the thing anymore it's like oh shit um you know people take it for granted that these things just sort of go up and um you know you're one shift away you know as soon as elon musk can make the hyperloop work where i can commute long distances in like 20 minutes or less then people are going to want to go live further away have way more you know uh space resources and whatnot and not want to be impacted you know like a sardine into a city a lot of people will choose that and so your one technological shift or one policy shift or in this case one policy plus biological you know terror away from not wanting people not wanting to be in a certain type of real estate uh class like the way real estate is now struggling because of because of uh what's going on you get a whole lot of unemployment and now people can't pay the rents and uh you know every month rents are dropping it was like 99 of people paid their rent last month on the multi-family stuff that i i read um 90 of people are paying the rent and if that dips below you know a certain number maybe it's 82 or whatever it is now all of a sudden you're underwater in your multi-family real estate the way that i like to live because so i've been an entrepreneur since i was 16 making money like on my own not necessarily all the time a lot of a lot of money but like having to like go out and hunt and kill each week and i like am allergic to like really big purchases and i'm allergic to getting locked into stuff and i actually think that that me being allergic to that has actually hurt me i think that had i increased my overhead on some things my overhead's really cheap uh had i increased my overhead i actually would have worked harder to like have uh to like fulfill that overhead but now i mean if i don't work for many for very long i don't even know how long maybe forever i'm fine and i just prefer to be on that defense cockroach than putting you know in san francisco you got to put down three or four hundred thousand dollars on a home i'm like oh fuck i don't wanna that's scary i don't want to do that you know what i mean yeah and so i've never had the courage to do it okay um a couple things i thought were interesting uh one you posted something about this thing called mo points what is that me yeah did you post something about mo points no what is no points oh it's just i thought it was your friend who was doing it uh it's basically like oh my friend yeah mo yes he just launched it yeah uh mo my friend mo okay so what it is is yeah i was like what the heck uh i didn't even remember the name my friend mo helps people with points that's funny he'll love that we're talking about so mo points so mo it's my friend mo him and ramon grew up together in uh most from afghanistan by way of where's ramon from uh netherlands uh and then moved here and they used to have a business um it's shut down now so i can talk about it where they would buy and sell airline points and he became an expert on how to uh maximize points and so i'm getting into this now and so for example um if there's all these ways that you can like if you're spending money on advertising on this on that you can maximize your points and fly for free forever for years um and so he would teach me how to do it myself and i was like mo turn this into a course and so that's what it is let's let's let's pip him out though is it mo points.com mo points.com yeah i checked it out because i was pretty interested in this like in the same way that you want like a tax guy to help you save money on the back end um you know whenever you do like pretty significant credit card spending and a lot of times if you own your own business you can rack up a lot of spending on credit cards um i hate going and figuring this stuff out i just feel like it's a waste of my brain and it's a waste of my time to go like optimize my spending and my points so i can travel free and book all this stuff but i like know it's valuable and so i was hoping to get like what's the shortcut what's the like you know either you do it for me or like what's the 80 20 give me the the few things i can do that that will give me the highest return on my time and effort um because i know i'm sort of wasting this opportunity and i don't want to go become an expert in this stuff but if you're an expert fantastic so i signed up for it oh great i uh i'll make sure he knows so you know points are interesting i just got into them recently so i earn um maybe half 300 000 to 400 000 points a month and that translates to one percent of that in cash value so if i spent a million dollars a year on uh through my credit card which sounds like a lot if you're just an individual and that is a lot if you're an individual but if you're business that's nothing i get a hundred thousand dollars cash back now here's the cool thing that cash back in most cases is tax-free so in if you live in san francisco that's the equivalent of getting a salary of 180 grand or 100 or 100 job yeah and so it's great and so i've actually met some entrepreneurs who earn i think you can get up to 360 000 some accountants gonna like tweet at me and say i got it wrong but i'm almost positive and it's controversial i'm almost positive you can get up to 350 000 in cash back and so i know this one lady who's got this flower company and she gets 350 000 in cash back income a year yeah that's great i have a friend who uh he he he basically negotiated with his investors he's like i'd like to pay the aws bill for my company on my personal credit card and so he earned like whatever amex double black platinum gold whatever it is like the highest tier for life because they were spending like you know three million a month on aws or something crazy and so like he's like oh if i ever want to fly i fly first class now oh i get like three equinots i get free this i get free that because that's the perks of like the highest tier of amex and he's like yeah i got lifetime because during my company i just asked can i just put this on this card and keep that you know tied to my name and they did it and so and so that's what mo's trying to do now it's just like a course and hand hand-to-hand combat like consultation where he's trying to help people but that is kind of interesting to like log into a portal and or like technology and it does it for you that is pretty amazing and uh and your transaction fee is either upfront fee or you take a you skim a little uh that is incredibly interesting i like it okay so i have another uh random idea i want to talk about so i have a friend uh shout out to my friend mike who he went to duke where i went to school he was duke's best football player at the time like he was like i think he led the nation in tackles or something like that so he's an amazing linebacker this football player goes he's a little undersized but he gets drafted or he gets a tryout with a couple teams and he ended up getting cut after a year i think from the indianapolis colts and that was sort of like the end of his football career but he built a ton of connections and still has connections with athletes uh in the nba and nfl so i was talking to him about it and i was like you know what problems these guys have what are they what stuff are they trying to do because these are often a class of people who have a lot of money have uh specific problems to like people with money fame and technically a specific lifestyle um what are some ideas that um you know problems that they have that i've just never seen but i could solve because i understand them and so uh one of the things he had mentioned uh not even as a problem but i was like asking how they did it was every athlete or i shouldn't say every many athletes start their own foundation or charity you've probably seen this like you know oh you know random wide receiver it's not just like the top of the top it's like random wide receiver i have a foundation back in my city it's for kids who blah blah blah kids and books it's for dustin poirier poirier one of my favorite fighters has one and so i was wondering i was like a why do they do this and then b like how do they do this like could you uh like build a business around this and so on the why you know there's some interesting things and again the accountants are going to be sort of out in full force correcting me on this but it seems like basically the you know there's some tax advantages to a foundation in addition to like obviously wanting to give back because often athletes come from pretty rough uh you know backgrounds and so they do feel this pull of hey i've made it i won the lottery how do i give back so there's the the there's the emotional pull to give back and create a foundation but then there's the financial pull as well which is um there's some tax advantages to doing that to doing it this way where you basically are um you're able to give and you're able to give today and um reduce your taxable income and that money goes to the foundation which can then over time spend that money uh long after your career is over even um so you can separate the the time of giving and then the time of spending you can separate the tax event from the giving uh time yeah that's uh i forget the name of it but you and i have a friend who had a large exit and what he did was he put away a significant amount of money i think a very significant amount of money at least five it could be as high as 10. he put it into this charitable account and over the next i'm gonna butcher this i think over the next five years he has to spend that on uh what's it called what's a non-profit called a four oh uh five one three seat five yeah he's gotta he's gotta he's gotta get rid of it so whenever i see like an interesting charity i'm like hey guy throw money at these guys this is cool and there's other things like a daft which is a donor advised fund which is what uh jack dorsey said i'm gonna give a billion dollars away and he did it via a daft uh so there's other ways but i guess what my idea was um cool so there's reasons athletes want foundations they're clearly doing this but i know athletes athletes are not excited to go figure out the paperwork to start a foundation to make sure they're reporting on time all that stuff so i was wondering is there a stripe atlas for foundations is there a push a button get your app get your foundation spun up without having to get on the phone without having to print out a piece of paper and go mail it somewhere um because i think you could build a pretty niche but um you know potentially pretty lucrative subscription business where you know these foundations there's a spin-up fee and then there's an annual maintenance basically to keep your foundation in good standing um i think there's a business there so let's talk about atlas for a second so atlas is a thing with stripe and it's a click of a button set up in a uh llc i think or do they allow other stuff c corp and delta c corp or why how does that make money uh well it makes money so it's strategic for stripe because if you're doing that you're probably going to stay in the stripe ecosystem so they're like cool how do we get more customers let's get new businesses to get created and then they'll use stripe so it's kind of like when facebook gives away internet to people who don't have the internet it's like cool we'll give you the internet and guess what you're going to do with the internet use facebook so stripes doing the same thing it's like how do we increase the rate of new startups because startups are who use a stripe and then if they grow they grow with us and fantastic we got them all they're young type of thing um so then how would this make money then with charity but they do charge a fee so like when i did it i use stripe atlas to spin up my company and i think what it is a couple hundred bucks um but it's great it's like i don't want to talk to a lawyer i trust that this will this will get set up properly they do all the filing and documentation they just email me hey here's your tax id here's your entity here's the articles of formation etc etc and so stripe atlas was great took me three weeks and i don't know 250 or something like that and i got my company set up why did you do a c-corp i did an llc for me oh but if i wanted to do a c-corp like if i was going to do a startup that was going to raise money i would do a c-corp and um and i would have used it for that um let's talk about the sam altman thing yeah have you read this post no but it's just same moment i it's something i i have something good that can piggyback off of it okay you want to start with that you want me to kind of no i want you to start all right so sam altman who's the guy who runs white y combinator or doesn't run it anymore actually but he was the president of white combinator and kind of one of the you know more well-known guys silica valley he put up this blog post called idea generation and he said you know one of the most common questions i get is how do you get ideas for new startups a lot of people want to do startups but they don't quite know the idea or they don't have a lot of conviction in it and he says something interesting he goes why seen once tried an experiment to fund people who we thought would be good founders but with no ideas he goes and i think every company in this no idea track failed um and it turns out that uh founders have a lot of ideas about everything um like great founders actually have a lot of ideas and if you want a founder if you have a founder who can't think of an idea they probably shouldn't be a founder it's kind of his takeaway but then he starts to explain all right so how do you get ideas for startups so he says thing number one you want to be in the right environment so you want to be around the right kind of people so he said who are the right kind of people he goes you want to be around people who can have a good feel for the future they will entertain improbable plans they're optimistic and they're smart in a creative way and he says they have high idea flux which is you know pretty good for our podcast like i consider both of us idea machines and yeah that's what he says that's what he calls idea flux so the sort of rate of ideas coming in and out of their body um these sorts of people tend to think without the constraints that most people have uh they don't have a lot of filters and they don't care too much what other people think he says this is important because the best ideas are pretty fragile uh most people don't even want to start talking about them because they sound kind of silly up front um and like take the hustle for example oh we want to be this big bad media company we're going to do an email newsletter and an email newsletter actually sounded quite silly to people who were traditionally in media this was you know back uh if you rewind several years um so you want to be around people who won't make you feel stupid for mentioning a bad idea and they certainly don't feel stupid when they mention bad ideas and he basically says stay away from people who are like the world has beaten them down or they're the type that belittle your ambitions um and unfortunately this is most of the world they hold on to the past and um and if you want to live in the future you don't want to be around these people um and then he says okay so here here's the sort of uh next thing that that would help you get good ideas so first is be around those types of people the second is identify a tectonic shift that's happening right now how is the world changing in some fundamental way can you identify the leading edge of that change and the opportunity that unlocks it for example mobile phone comes out in 2007-2008 and then you get all these companies like snapchat uber airbb etc um that were launched in that time on top of that like core fundamental shift um these when a big shift happens the big companies usually get beat by fast moving and focused startups um so you want to ask yourself a question like what's something that's possible this year that wasn't possible last year and pay attention anytime something like that comes up there's probably a lot of good ideas in that space um the last thing is if you ever feel like something is like if you can say the statement i'm sure this is going to happen i don't know if we'll be the ones to do it that's a good sign he's like uber was like this for me the first time i used it it was clear i wasn't going to be hailing a cab any longer uh or calling the dispatcher but i wasn't clear it wasn't clear to me that uber was necessarily going to win the space um and then the last thing he says is it's important sorry it's kind of long uh it's important to think about what you are well suited for so like if you do some introspection or you ask your mentor to figure out what you're good at he goes i believe that founder company fit is as good as product market fit um and he goes lastly you can test a good idea if you can articulate why most people think of it think it's a bad idea but what you understand about it that makes it a good idea um so that's a final test all right so i thought this is a pretty interesting post yeah i think it's crazy interesting and i didn't bring this up because i i don't even care about promoting this but so gagan biani reached out to me about three months ago and for trends we did this thing where he like just gave a talk and people signed up and it was neat and he was like hey i'm thinking about maybe i want to launch like a school or something can i like partner with you guys and you promote this course i want to do and i was like yeah that sounds interesting and so me and him just started riffing more and more and i really got fascinated with this idea of ideas like why is it sean that you are good at finding ideas and I was like, I don't know why, but I wonder if I could like give frameworks behind it. And so he's kind of leading the way and I'm just kind of tagging along a little bit.

And so we were hosting this thing. It's mostly him hosting with a little bit of me and it's called the ideation bootcamp. And I put together what I thought was all these, these frameworks on coming up with ideas.

And a few of them that I have coincidentally, I've never read the same article until you just told me are similar. And so a few of them are like, I like to do reverse engineering. And so what I look at is I can go to like a website and see like how they do it.

Because to me, if I can see how someone does it, it helps me realize what's possible. Another one is unbundling. So I like to look at like really big things like eBay or Craigslist or Reddit and being like, okay, if usually if something's huge, it becomes a victim of its own success and they can't move fast enough to adapt from an early, like interesting change.

And so we talk about like, I just made up ways to figure that out. And then, let's see, is there anything else that's interesting that is related to that? Because I didn't realize that he kind of actually discussed that.

Oh, and then another thing that I like to do. And coincidentally, the things that I'm talking about is what he's talking about. We just go into like tactically.

And it's like, how do you look at like, he talked about something that's growing quickly, but, and you like hop in on it. And that's actually quite hard. And tell me what I'm missing here.

The things that I really love to do is I like to look at forums and comments and article comments and user reviews for apps on iTunes to hear like, what, what about, how are people using this shit? That's like, makes them love something or makes them hate something. And that's what I use to come up with ideas.

So what Sam Altman said was get something that's growing quickly early on that like you think is going to be the future. How else do you discover those? So, so there's two ways.

So one is you're, you discover a platform that's growing really, really fast and you go on top of it. I'll give you a perfect example of this. Zoom is growing like fucking crazy right now.

I think it went from like 10 million users to over like 250 million users during just the COVID crisis. You know, my mom and my auntie use Zoom now because that's how we celebrate birthdays during COVID. And they, you know, Zoom used to be this enterprise thing.

So Zoom's growing like crazy. I have this friend, Victor, I don't even remember if I've mentioned this on the podcast, but he created this thing called Zoom URL. Basically zmurl.com.

And it's basically Eventbrite for Zoom. So he noticed the problem of like, hey, cool. Everyone's using Zoom to meet up, but Zoom's like kind of invite and like, you know, the sort of like splash that page doesn't exist.

So there's not a cool way to like make an invite for a Zoom event. You just send this ugly link and you say, join this Zoom. That's where we're going to do this conference or this birthday or this whatever.

And so he just made a really pretty auto generator. You put in your Zoom link and then you can upload a photo. You can put the details, blah, blah, blah.

And you make this little landing page for your event. And he's growing like crazy because he's just growing. He's piggybacking on top of Zoom very opportunistically on the platform.

And he's doing something that, you know, Zoom probably isn't going to get around to doing for a little while. So he's got this opportunity to grow, solving a new problem. And so the other way, which is this is, I think, where I see you do this less is about technology shifts.

And I think this is where Sam Altman is actually talking about more, which is, you know, when you grow on the back of an existing product or platform, it kind of sucks because you end up with this platform dependency and then they can often kill you or clone you or you just get stuck on that platform. You never get off. Whereas technology shifts like, oh, shit, we couldn't do this before.

But now machine learning is good enough that this is now possible. Or for example, my friend told me about these little NFC stickers. Do you know what that is?

Near field communication. So basically I bought these on Amazon. They're like these tiny little stickers that cost like, you know, 10 cents each or something like that.

And if you get these in bulk, they're very, very cheap. And you just program them so that like if somebody just moves their phone into this thing, it touches, taps this thing. It's like Apple Pay.

It will fire something open on their phone. It can open up a website. It can open up whatever.

And I'm like, dude, this is great for marketing. Like I should just put these on products or, you know, this could be in my shoes. It could just say, is this a real Jordan or is this a fake?

These little things can be embedded everywhere because the cost has come down and the reliability has come up. And the core platforms like iPhone and Android now, you know, by default will react to these NFC things just like they do QR codes. So there's like, so technology shifts is I think the one that most people don't understand because they don't have like technical literacy.

So they don't know what's going on and they don't know when something before that was impossible is now possible because it was like actually just a subtle shift over time or the cost of this chip has dropped. And now it's really economical to do something that before that would have been ridiculous or now the chip is small. It used to be so big.

So how do you identify this? So for example, I, I have a meeting every week with my former CTO for my startup because he lives in that like bleeding edge of technology. And I have an hour a week that it's called the cool shit hour.

It's on our calendar. And he just shows me cool shit. And I just told him, look, when we're usually in meetings, I talk 90% of the time you talk 10% because I'm the kind of talker sales guy.

But in this meeting, you're going to talk 90. I'm going to talk 10. And the cool shit hour is just you demoing to me cool shit that I don't know about because I don't understand cryptocurrency the way you do.

I don't understand VR, AR the way you do. I don't know about these other, these other technological shifts that are going on. So we've been doing this for a month now and it's fucking awesome.

I basically got a front row seat at this. And all I had to do was just ask a smart guy who is in that world. But the more generic way of doing that is just to hang out with those guys.

So again, it's sort of like what this post was about. It's like who you hang out with ends up being what's in your, what's in front of your eyes. And so we hang out with a bunch of business people that figure out different ways to make money.

So for us, how do you make money? It's just a question of which way do you want to make money? I know a hundred paths and I have five examples of each of those hundred paths.

I have 500 different examples of how to make money. I just got to choose one that fits me. Whereas people who are in the world of technology, they don't really know exactly how to make money, but they can tell you a hundred interesting things with technology.

And so sometimes you got to hang out with them and eat lunch with them, you know, three times a week so that you're hearing those things. Put yourself in that position. Yeah.

Yeah. It's like, you just got to hang out like in the fringes. And I think that like a great places, great places to hang out in the fridges are.

Reddit. Reddit, Hacker News, just like the way that. And I guess you've just kind of, you're helping me finalize my, my, the one slide show I have to do, which is you have to look at user behavior and you have to find this fringe behavior that's growing quickly.

Right. You know, a couple podcasts ago, I went off on this random tangent about DeFi decentralized finance. Yeah.

It was just like, you know, I'm speaking gibberish and I don't even know what the fuck I'm talking about, but it's because I discovered this fringe where I saw all this activity happening. I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't even understand this, but I know enough to know that this is unusual and this is a phenomenon and I need to know more.

And so like, boom, save that. I pin that tab open in my brain and I'm like, come back to this. You got to know more about this.

This is unusual. This is new. This is interesting.

Well, I think that's what you have to do when you have ideas, which is you have to actually steal from a lot of different places. So you like take like, fuck, I don't know. Like, wow, at a restaurant I could order, like, I only have to pay for what I order or something.

Or I don't fucking know. Like, I'll give you an example. But Uber, like, I don't actually have to like have, I don't have to own the cabs.

You know what I mean? I'll give you an example. So two ideas, if you, if you do a little idea sex with them.

So cloud kitchens, we've talked about that in the podcast before. So creating a virtual restaurant and selling on top of Postmates, Uber Eats, et cetera. And then in the world of e-commerce, I was thinking about upsells.

Upsells is, you know, obviously critical to e-commerce. It's like you're buying one thing. It's like, hey, do you want fries with that, right?

Hey, do you want this extra thing? And it increases the order value by 20%, 30%, 40%, whatever it is. Upsells are critical in e-commerce.

In the world of deliberate food delivery, they basically don't exist. So I was thinking, like, how many times where if we were ordering, you know, Chinese food or Mexican food or whatever through some restaurant, why doesn't Uber Eats just do a, you know, sort of have a cloud dessert company that's always just like, do you want to add some ice cream on top of that? Or, hey, we just made brownies, whatever.

And, like, I bet they can increase the cart size, and it shouldn't be another restaurant. It should be an upsell across all orders of all restaurants that day. And so, like, I don't know.

You can sort of mishmash ideas if you see something that's interesting or critical in one area. In another area, they don't do it. That's usually, you know, makes for an interesting thought experiment.

I completely agree with this. What I'm wondering is, can you teach people this? Or you either got it or you don't.

No, you can for sure teach people this. I would love to say you either got it or you don't. That would make me feel awesome because, like, I got it and other people don't.

But the reality is I didn't have it, and now I do. And I know exactly what I did to get there. I hung out with people who have a bunch of interesting ideas, and I got thirsty for that.

So I started hanging out with them either in person or my Twitter feed is just full of those people. Like, I don't have, you know, I don't put sports into my Twitter feed as much. Like, I surround my feed with that so that even when I'm just browsing, that's what I get.

Okay. The second thing is, like, start to come up with these frameworks. So, for example, one framework I have you should steal for your thing is, like, you, if you imagine this two-by-two grid.

On the left side, you have, what type of problem is this? Is this a new problem or an old problem, right? Old problem.

People trying to meet their mates. They want to date somebody. That's an old problem.

New problem. Hey, I'm trying to throw a Zoom event, and I don't have a good way to share that, right? That wasn't a problem that existed five years ago, but it exists now.

And so new problem, old problem, and then you have new solution, old solution. So it's, like, cool, old solutions to things can be applied to new problems. So that's what the Zoom URL thing is.

He's taking an old solution, like Eventbrite or Splash That or, like, these proven methods. He's just saying, cool, I can specialize and tailor that to this new problem, which is Zoom events rather than in-person events. And then you take new solutions, which are things like, oh, wow, so crypto lets you have trust or, like, a digital contract, so I don't need an escrow person.

So maybe, you know, I could take an old problem, like, you know, escrow and a home sale, but I could do it in a new solution. Notarizing. Yeah, notaries.

Okay, cool. Yeah, exactly. So new solution.

Push a button. Somebody has GPS on their phone, and they come to you, and they solve your problem for you. They either pick you up and take you somewhere or whatever.

Cool. Maybe I can apply that to this old problem, notary. And so you just take that two-by-two grid, and you say, cool, what are all the new solutions that are interesting to me?

And another one is, what are all the new problems that are interesting to me? You just keep jotting those down anytime you see one, you know, whatever that is. And so that's a framework you can use to understand ideas and figure out, is this idea actually something novel or not?

Well, it's novel whenever you cross old problem and new solution or old solution and new problem. Those are the two boxes that the new ideas come in. If it's an old problem, old solution, there's nothing new there.

Don't do it. Don't do it. You're blowing my mind.

I'm listening. No. I don't understand how you come up with these, like, you think, you think, and, like, you know how people used to say Obama talks in, like, quotes?

Like, he always, like, he just has these one-liners that are, like, really great. You talk in frameworks. Yeah, it's weird.

Yeah, it's weird. I don't know why. But I think it's because I like frameworks.

So I'm studying them and then I just naturally start thinking that way. Another way to practice this, if you want to become an idea person, is, like, James Alster shared this, but he was like, every day I write down 10 ideas. It doesn't have to be good, bad.

It's just a daily practice of idea generation. Because if you think about it, you're like, oh, man, I wish I was better at ideas. Cool.

Do you do that? Do you practice coming up with new ideas every day? Oh, you don't.

Okay. You know, I also wish I was fit, but if I don't go exercise, then what do I expect is going to happen? I'm not just going to magically get fit.

So same thing here. I have two that I do. I don't do the James Alster one, but the two I do, one is this podcast.

Twice a week, I get up in front of a lot of people and I try to come up with new ideas. That's a practice. How do I prepare for that?

I have these documents on my phone and in my laptop. One's called The Biggest Idea in My Head. And I have every month, and I just write down, this month, what is the biggest idea in my head?

And I just put it there. And so, like, I'll go to my document right now. I'll read you one of my biggest ideas in my head.

Sean, everyone has asked that you share this shit and you never have. Yeah. You know, these are, I don't know if I want to share these things.

Some of it I want to share, some of it I don't want to share. So, like, in April, I refinanced my home. And the biggest idea in my head was, like, holy shit, that was so much work and so painful.

Biggest idea in my head is turning refinancing into a five-minute online process. I don't know how, but if there was a new solution, that's an old problem that I would want solved. When we were doing the weight loss challenge, the biggest idea in my head was, holy shit, everybody needs a little monitor in their body that tells them how their body's reacting to the food they eat.

If we want to change people's diets and not have half the country be obese, we need to have real-time feedback loops so that when you put that, you know, piece of chocolate in your mouth, you pay a price immediately and not, like, five years down the road. And so, the biggest idea in my head was, how do we make these glucose monitors so cheap and readily available that everybody gets feedback for everything that they eat? It'll help the country eat better.

It'll help the whole world eat better. That was the biggest idea in my head for one month. And so, I just write these ideas down.

And then, you know, I basically have a place to put them. I'm, like, being a listener right now, I am thinking about this. I don't know.

I don't have anything to add. I feel like I'm a student at the moment just listening to this. But I think it's great what you guys are doing.

If you guys are going to release these courses or classes. I don't know. I don't know.

Like, really, the truth is, is that we don't have HustleCon revenue in June. And he had done all the work. And I was like, nah, okay, well, I'll work with you to do it.

And I don't know. I personally, as a business, like, our business, like, we have an ambitious goal to build a really large company. I think courses will not be part of that.

Right. I think that it was simply, like, a thing to, like, well, let's just try it. And it actually covered our HustleCon revenue.

So, or profit. So, but I will not do this. I will not do it ever again.

I hate the course business. I think it is not fun. It is great for a solopreneur.

It's not great for a company. No, I think it's shit. I think that if you're Reforge, which is a $5,000 thing for companies, that is interesting.

But I still think it sucks to host. Like, I don't, I don't think it's, like, maybe it makes some profit. I don't know if it does.

But it definitely does. But I personally don't like it. I don't think most people even finish the shit.

Yeah, most people don't. I think that, like, Kagan, who created, he created what? Udemy, right?

Yeah, Udemy. I think they were the ones who came out and said less than 5% of people finish these. You know, at one point in time, MOOCs, massively open online courses with all the rage.

Everybody said, MOOCs are going to revolutionize education. It's going to change the university system. And then they came out and they were like, look, we made a Harvard education free and open to anyone.

All you had to do was click a button and enroll. And then you got to show up and take it. You could have a Harvard education for free online from the comfort of your own home.

And less than 5% of people, I think, finish the course. And I think that tells you a lot about, like, why people do a thing. You know, people don't go to university to learn.

That's the sad truth. People go to university to get credentialed so that they can get a high-paying job. So if you want to compete with a university, you should actually create a credential that gets you a high-paying job.

That gives people confidence. If I get this credential, I will get a high-paying job. That's, I think this is what you needed.

This is what you, your next thing will have to be. This is the area I'm most interested in. And if I could just figure out an angle, I'll do it.

Because there's this other great talk that came from the YC Mafia. It's by this guy, Richard Hamming. And it's called You and Your Research.

You should go read it. It's a speech he gives. And I didn't know who this guy was.

Apparently, he's like a kind of technologist from back in the day. And he talks about his time at Xerox Park. And Xerox Park was responsible for, like, something.

What's it called? Richard what? I think it's Richard Hamming is his name.

I'm pretty sure it's Hamming. I don't know if his first name is Richard. Maybe I just inserted generic white name.

But Xerox Park is where, like, you know, the visual graphic user interface. Like, Steve Jobs went to Xerox Park and was like, oh, mouse points at idle on screen. That's how computers should work.

And he, like, stole the innovations, basically, from there. Because they were just doing R&D. And he was, like, trying to bring shit to the wall.

Anyways, he talked about Xerox Park. And he used to, he said, he tells a story. He's like, I was at lunch one day.

And I asked my coworkers, these brilliant people. You know, all the brain in the world is stuffed into these guys' skulls. And he's like, I asked him, what is the most important?

What is the biggest idea in your head? What is the most important problem in your space, in your industry? What is the most important problem?

And then they would say a thing. He's like, and what are you researching? And they would say a different thing.

And he's like, why aren't you working on the most important, the most burning question in your space, the most interesting thing in your field? Why are you not working on it? And he discovered, like, you know, so his message is basically, ask yourself that question.

What is the most, the biggest thing in my space? What is the biggest challenge or opportunity in my industry? And why am I not working on it?

And you should go work on it. He says, the filter is, you have to ask yourself, do I have a novel angle at how I'm going to attack that problem? Because if I just go back, if I, like, the big problems are kind of known.

But you need a new attack vector of how you can solve that problem. If you don't have a new attack vector, you're just going to waste your time and energy. You're going to get the same result as everybody else.

But if you have a new attack vector, then it is your responsibility as a smart and talented person to go do it. So that's how I think about this university thing. And for a long time, I already knew the last project I do, I'm going to do this.

I'm going to teach a bunch of people. You need a new attack vector. That's bullshit, dude.

That's bullshit. That is the only one way to do it. Because if you think about it, like, a lot of great restaurants aren't particularly novel in the solution.

Well, I mean, they're, like, novel in branding. Or they're novel in that Sean is making it. Do you know what I mean?

So I think that is a little bullshit. I know I don't think it's bullshit. I think restaurants are bullshit, right?

Like... No, they're not. You're wrong.

The restaurants are terrible businesses. No, you're wrong. One of the large...

Tillman Fertitta owns... What's he own? Fertitta.

But he also owns some restaurants, yes. He owns some chains. It's mostly...

He owns the Golden Nugget. And he owns a whole bunch of other stuff, too. Yeah.

And, like, some steakhouses and, like, Bubba Gump Shrimp. Just, like, fast, casual stuff that regular people go to. And it's, like, one of the most profitable privately owned companies in America.

The best restaurant chains all had a new attack vector, right? McDonald's realized the new attack vector. And they productionized fast food.

And they had a real estate model and a franchise model to back it up. Chipotle came out. And they did the same thing.

But they realized sort of the fast casual model, which was different. But there are many cases where the amount of success they have is not in proportion to the amount of... Their new novelty is not in proportion with the amount of success that they have.

Yes. So, okay, here's what I think. If you're talking restaurants, the analogy there is, like, I'm going to create an online course, too.

Right? That's me opening up my restaurant just like everybody else has a restaurant. But my restaurant's run by me.

I think I'm a good cook. I think some people will like my... Will like my restaurant.

What I'm trying to do is sort of change the restaurant industry, right? So, like, when I talk about education, it's not like I'm just trying to create a course. I'm trying to make it so that...

I guess here's the analogy. I don't want to build a car. I want to build a road.

So, roads basically are new platforms that anybody can create a car on. And you can get a lot more leverage if you build roads versus if you're just trying to build a car. If you're just trying to be a car driving on the existing road system.

You know what I mean? I get it. That's a fair point.

This podcast is a car. It's us getting on here and entertaining people. We're going to reach a certain set of people given a certain amount of effort.

It can scale pretty big because we're using the internet and it's awesome and it's free. That's good. It's better than the cars of old where we would just go to an event and we would host a meetup and 40 people would show up and we would talk.

That's the old way. This is a much better way. It's a much better car.

But it's still not a road. A road is podcasting. If you create something like podcasting, boom, you've changed.

Yeah, you've really changed the world. And that's more exciting to me. I get it.

We're on the same page there on that one. I think we had an interesting podcast. I'll be interested to see if people like it or not.

I think we covered a lot and actually turned. I was expecting this to be shit because I was in a horrible mood. I think we turned it into something good.

Cool. Yeah, this was fun. I think we should switch the order around.

I think we should put the political stuff at the back. I don't know. We'll see.

Well, we listened to the reviews. We listened to the tweets. So let us know what you think.

Cool. All right. Let's get out of here.