Literally CEO of Google CEO of slack number three guy at Facebook just back to back to back the CEO of Google was the one getting grilled Yeah, you got so I got a Rupert Murdoch story cuz he said Murdoch I'm so impressed with this dude. So he gets a lot of hate cuz like his business practices and whatnot people think he's like a Tyrant in a way He is and he is and like the show success succession is basically about their family good show so We had this opportunity to pitch Rupert Murdoch. So Michael who's my investor comes to me says hey, we got invited to this thing Basically every year during CES Rupert Murdoch Brings all the CEOs of his companies through News Corp.

So they own Wall Street Journal. I think or New York New York Post Fox and sky and then they own penguin publishing right they own um uh realtor calm so he is the media mogul right like that's cool So basically once a year they all get together it's during CES they go to the win and they rent out the entire top floor of win And so all the rooms there are all the execs and they have the biggest suite the penthouse suite of the win and And what they do is they and I really admire this they go from 8 a.m. To about 7 p.m.

every single day for two days straight and every hour is just they just bring in a speaker Not like a speaker. It's like a an industry leader from something and they just They just grill them so it's like you start by just telling me a little bit about your business And there's 30 minutes of Q&A from the CEOs of all these companies because they're trying to figure out okay How do we play into this so when I was there? It was like literally CEO of Google CEO of slack number three guy at Facebook just back to back to back the CEO of Google was the one getting grilled Yeah, he would go and he would explain here's what here's where we're going next year Because these are big media partners for them.

They they want to have these media partners working with them So they'll say here's where we're going next year And but it's off the record right so it's more candid than you're ever gonna get these guys and I they told me you can just come for your slot You know this 45 minute slot but Rupert's here the whole but I was like I'm sitting here the whole day like this is why Why did you get to sit there because we were gonna present at the end of the day and so we had access So I just sat there at 8 a.m. I'm there with my seat. So here's what I noticed during the day a lot of the CEOs You know, they'd be interested in certain people, but for the most part, you know, they get hungry They go to the bathroom Rupert Murdoch.

I don't know how old he is guys like 80s Like he looks old and he is old and that guy sat right up front with a paper and a pencil did not get up did not take a break He was the most I guess didn't take a piss. He was the most attentive. He asked the best questions He was like a machine and I was like that's why this guy's Rupert Murdoch.

I was so impressed by this guy His just endurance really and also just his level of focus where everybody else was wandering Throughout the day because that's what you normally do and that's kind of contagious Did he ask what I loved how the leader was like on point because it held everybody else like closer to that standard Did he ask questions? He asked good questions. Yeah What's funny because if you're the CEO of one of his companies are already maybe a billion and some of them might be billion in Europe You're you're up there.

I don't know if you've been there, but yeah, you're maybe doing super well If you sold like it'd be like your it was like the CEO of Fox Studios like oh, yeah, we make these movies for this year And it's like oh whatever, you know Marvel. Well, like it's like these are big individual brands You're you're a big you're a big swing of dick. Yeah, big guy.

So that was incredible I just thought that was really cool, and I got to give him props for that. It was I was very impressed. That's crazy You