Hey guys, what's up? So I'm Sam. I'm one of the co-finders of The Hustle.

Basically, we're a daily email that's a mixture of The Wall Street Journal and The Daily Show. And we also have a big event coming up. It's called HustleCon.

It's at the Paramount Theater in Oakland in about 14 days. May 13th is a Friday. Hopefully some of you guys are going to be there.

And a huge thanks to Thumbtack for having us. And so we do these monthly series. We call them Pizza in 40s because originally the idea was we're a young startup, so we don't spend a lot of money on food.

So everyone was going to eat cheese pizza and we were going to get 40 ounce beers. And the idea here was that the speaker would drink a 40 ounce beer. And when the 40 was done, the talk was done because that takes about 45 minutes to drink.

And usually by the end of that 45 minutes, you've got a nice loose and funny speaker. I have a feeling you don't need that today. So he'll be drinking a Diet Coke.

But also a huge thanks to Steven at Cushman Wakefield. Where are you? Stand up.

So Steven here, they Cushman Wakefield pays for this pizza every time we do this. And basically what happens is, why don't you give a 20 second pitch here? Yes.

And they're good buddies of ours. So if you guys need anything like that, Steven here, they've helped pay for the beer every time and pay for the pizza. So huge thanks to those guys.

But so here's what we'll do. We'll have about 30, 45 minutes or so where Phil will tell his story. And then it's really casual.

People can ask questions as we go. And we'll also have a Q&A at the end. And also there's about five or seven seats up here.

Anyone in the back? If you guys are sitting here, maybe we can like move in also. So these guys can come and sit on the ends.

But if you need a seat, there's a couple up here. If not, just stand. And there's plenty of beer over here in the cooler.

So without further ado, let's welcome Phil. Where's my beaches? He owe me lots of beaches.

I want to tell you something. I've never been nervous before, but you guys making me nervous. And whatever her name is, she makes me feel so comfortable and relaxed.

She said everything I need to say. Yeah. My name is Phil Jaber.

I grew up in the East Bay, Alameda. When I was 13 years old, we used to come to San Francisco, visit the families. I could talk for a long time, but I'm going to make it simplified.

So when I was 13, I chose San Francisco to do my business, build my fortune. I chose San Francisco because it's only seven mile by seven mile. If you conduct business with faith, love and truth, treat people like you want to be treated, hospitality, honest, sincere action.

Long time ago, people used to talk about me. For example, hey, George, go to Phil. He's a nice guy.

The price is right. He treats you good. So these people build name and reputation for me that I earned.

I don't buy. And during that time, I used to have a mini Costco because I have that idea in the 70s. But my family doesn't want to work with me because I was young.

So I always loved coffee when I was a kid because coffee is a social. Coffee put people together, communicate, make a friend, seal a deal from way back eight, nine hundred years ago. Didn't have high tech then.

So I have a vision long time ago because coffee and tea in everybody's house is a good commodity. And how can you go wrong playing with the water? So I worked in my mini market, 24th and Folsom, early 70s.

In the meantime, I was working on my concept. I do not have money to open shops. I have a journey agenda.

I have a concept. It's built in a good solid foundation. It's all written down how I'm going to conduct my business from day one to 100 years from now.

It's the same thing. People change. Companies change.

First coffee tomorrow become excellent at what they do best because we have the same concept, the same rules and guiding we follow. You must have rules to follow, to succeed. The first thing you must love what you do.

Get up in the morning with good thought, good mind, smile. You do good that day. You cannot go wrong.

So that's the symptoms I was working on. So in 98, I took two years off. I visit 1100 coffee shops, five star restaurants, hotels, not to see how they make things.

Why people go there? What they're looking for? What their expectation?

Are they there to impress each other? Is the employees happy? Is the owner in the coffee shop or in the restaurant?

So I learned a lot of things. I used to sit outside in the cross street. That man with the red t-shirts, eight o'clock walk into the coffee shop, 8 15.

He's out. He's wondering, he's not happy. He's not smiling.

So I used to walk inside the coffee shop. First thing I look at the employees. Are they happy?

Are they smiling? Are they enjoying themselves? I stand in line, order coffee and I go sit in the table.

I used to see people sitting like a plant. No communication. It's like going to a medical office.

I said, that's not what I'm looking for. I want to put a community table. I want people to look at each other, communicate, make a friend.

That's what I want. So what I did, I took the breakfast table from my house and I put it in my coffee shop. I started in 202.

I work at my concept 25 years, never give no one taste, never sold it. In 202 when I opened, excuse me, it took off because first thing, I have a good concept. There's businesses for everybody.

There's coffee for everybody. I was the difference about me is the culture, the people, the young society right now. You all have class and taste, quality.

You don't like BS. You walk to it, you drive to it, you fly to it, and you guys have money. Am I right?

So long time ago they used to talk about me. Now this young society, they write about me. Instagram, Twitter, social media.

You guys put me in the cloud. The cloud used to rain long time ago. Now there is no rain.

So when you love what you do, you do the right thing. Treat people like you want to be treated. Don't be greedy.

Be satisfied. Greed is a disaster. Satisfy is a success.

I'm very fortunate. I'm into health before wealth. And I earned my name, my reputation, how I conduct myself, resent myself, the service.

I love people. So I earned this reputation. So these days I have parents with little kids, two, three, four, five, they grew up in my shops.

And these kids, they know first coffee. My grandpa doesn't know first coffee. So it's about the new generation.

So we try to do the right thing. There's my coffee is the last wave in the coffee business. And it's done the old fashioned way.

The old days they didn't have grounders. They didn't have boilers. Everything is organic.

Don't panic. So we opened one shop. I transferred it from market to a coffee shop.

I used to have a liquor license. And you cannot get any other liquor license. I get rid of my liquor license.

Because I have faith in what I do. See, that's power. So I get rid of my liquor license.

I get rid of the lottery. I used to sell 2000 cotton cigarettes a week. 2000 cases Budweiser a month.

Truckloads of liquor. 200 cases milk every other day. 150 cases eggs.

Because I used to sell value. At a good reasonable prices. And that's how I gave my business.

When it's happening, I have the name. I open the coffee shop. And one thing I want to adore my family, my wife, my kids, that they follow our footsteps.

And I adore any family. Their children follow their parents' footsteps. How can you trust anybody except your own children?

But you could trust others if they commit and conduct and show me and result. Then you have faith in them. So my son came to me.

He goes, I don't want to go to college. I said, uh-oh. You're going to bring trouble between me and the wife.

He goes, I don't want to go, Dad. I want to help you. I said, go talk to your mom.

So I have two girls and a boy. My kids, when they were young, I spent all my money in their education. I sent them to kindergarten private, all the way to eighth grade.

They went to Mercy High School. They went to USF. Then they went to USC.

My oldest daughter, I told her, become a doctor in case I go broke. And somehow it works. Really, my daughter is a doctor.

She's a dentist in Orange County. My other daughter, I told her, become a business major in marketing. Because marketing is number one in business.

So she did. She became a marketing business. I told her, get your real estate license.

Where is he? So I told my daughter, get your real estate license in USF. She did.

I said, I want you to learn about big corporation leases. Spent another six months. She did.

When she finished, she goes, Dad, I got a job with McKesson, the drug company, in Market Street. I said, no, you're not going to go work there. Come over here.

So I wrote a lease. I wrote a lease. Because I'm confident of what I do.

I told her, this is my lease. You are my master agent. You're going to make all the commission.

But make sure I meet the owner of the building or the developers or whoever. I want to meet the owner, number one. And you conduct my lease to him.

If he's just not going to do it, put a cross on him. Tell him you fail. Because I have something really good.

It's well studied. So she finished. I give her the lease.

She goes, Dad, why didn't you put the Z in fills instead fills with the S? I put the Z and that was the best thing I ever did. That's what you call marketing.

That's what you call team effort. You see, my father never used to listen to me, but I listened to my kids. Because it's the new society, the high tech.

I came from the old basics and value and morals. And this is the high tech. And we complement each other.

That's what happened to us. So we start to grow. I opened my second shop in the Castro.

That was the hardest. The second shop was the hardest thing. But after four or five months, we have so much love in the Castro that we felt it.

And I opened another one, fourth and very when it was nothing but sand. Then I said to my son, we're going to go south. So we went to Palalto.

Middlefield. You guys know Middlefield? That's the best culture families I ever witnessed in my life.

The children were manners, respect. So I opened that shop. All of a sudden, developers called me.

I don't have real estate. My daughter. Hey, we have a place for you here.

Jessica, go look at it. She go. We're going to meet the owners.

So I met many owners and lots of them I turned down. Because some of them, their eyes bigger than their stomach. It's like I own it.

You do it my way. I never be attention to them. Because I have so much confidence in my concept.

My concept is anywhere I go, I learn from the fourth location I have that when I go to that community, that district, that city, people desire to come to my shops. I put the building on the map. I raise the property value.

I enhance all the businesses around me. Because you come to have coffee with me, you want lunch, you go to the salad bar. So I enhance.

I saw that and I felt it. So that's more power for me. Not to take advantage to deal with the right people who wants to deal with me.

And we open forest. Then we open Vanass. We used to be two people.

Now we have over 900 people. I give them health plan. I give them dental.

I give them vision. I give them 401k. And I give them opportunity to invest in Phil's coffee.

Because I want to keep them with me for a long term. It's not six, seven, eight months. And we have a school.

You must go to my school. And you must have three things for me before you work for me. Basics, value, morals.

You love to work for Phil. These three things. Then if I see that, we put them under training.

And we have a school. This is what you do. This is what you don't do.

And I have, I'm successful because I have so much trust in my team. You must trust your team. But if you go home, you have second thought.

And you get up in the morning, stress, drama. We have none of that. And the second thing, I follow rules and guiding of city.

I go to the city, the building planning, the health, plumbing. I'm going to open a shop. What's your requirement?

So I follow rules. That's why I'm successful in my house and my business. So you must have rules before you open business or go to work or whatever.

So we did all that. Then we start to grow more. So I go back to my son when he was 17 years old.

After three months, his mom and his sister, he agreed to come to work with me. I said, Jacob, I want to ask you a question. You want to work with me?

Six dollars an hour, sweep a mop? He goes, no, Dad. I said, what do you want to do?

What do you want, out of Phil? You know what he told me? I want to grow.

I said, I'm a handicapped in the English language. What do you mean you want to grow? Explain it, break it down.

He goes, the way you train me, Dad, you go open shops and we train people two months in advance. The minute we open the shop ready to open, we have staff ready to go. So we wrote things down how we're going to run business.

It's not open and we're fine. So I left my money breathe. I invested in my team and we start to open one, two, three, four.

Now we have 33 or 34. We have seven more coming this year. 15 to 20 next year.

We just opened in Washington DC, Adam Morgan. May 12th, we're going to open another one by the Navy Yard. Last week we opened one in CNN, Hollywood, St.

St. Blvd. God bless.

Your success is our success. We're opening in Pasadena Lake Street, Huntington Beach, we're going to go to San Diego, Boston, we look, Austin, Texas, Denver, Colorado. I want to leave New York when the economy go down.

The highway robbery. So I think from Washington, we have a name. It was, I want to cry.

It's so good. We have over 2,500 people in our first soft opening standing online. People who knows us 70%.

People flew from LA, San Francisco to come to visit our shop. One professor, he goes to me, Phil, you go into a hard market. I said, I didn't know yet.

Let me go test the water. So I went to Washington. I find out people in California, San Francisco, they eat, work, sleep, they go out, they drive.

The same thing in Washington. So I came back to him. He said, Phil, what do you think?

I said, you're wrong, professor. The only difference is destination. So I learned a lot from Washington, DC.

I could go anywhere in the country because of you all and the name and the reputation that we earn. And these things only happen once in a lifetime. You don't know how good it is till you get into it.

And the key is listen to yourself. You could hear others, but listen to yourself and you must love what you do. We have retail stores.

Laura retail, I turned down. I only deal with Whole Food, Molly Stone, William Sonoma, Leonardo and Derrico. We just got one in Crystal Farm in LA, 13 shops.

We have it in the Fermat Hotel. We have it in Virgin America airline for the last four years. I hope now we'll get Alaska.

And we have business online. We ship all over the country. We have so much love this year, and actually beginning of April.

I said to my staff, you know, Amazon free shipping. I want to do it different. Anybody order my coffee online, the shipping gift on me.

So you could put this in your cloud. So anything you order online, the ship is on me. It's not free.

I don't like word free. I like gift because my mind, my heart said do it. And we're growing.

Yeah. There's a lot of coffee shops. God bless them all.

There's business for everybody. But Phil's captured the quality clientele like us. And that's what I have in all my coffee shops.

I see lines all day long. It's a... I can't find words in the Bible to tell you how good it is.

It's really good. And all this came from my team, the people, the cultures who work with us, the home office, we just built a roasting plan in Oakland, 50,000 square foot. We put two roasters, state of the art.

And we used to be 10, 15. We have over 70, 80 people working there. I hope pretty soon it runs 24 hours a day.

So I hire more people. And what else? Yeah.

You got to do business, do it the right way. Don't do it because you want to be like him. You want to match him.

Each one of you have something good about him. The main thing is learn how to respect each other, live with each other. All my coffee shops, I call them grandma's house.

Because grandma, she love her grandkids. She feed them. She coach them.

She advise them. And she probably say, hey, George, he has 20 bucks. Don't tell your sisters and your brother.

That's grandma. But she love all her grandkids. So I treat my shops like grandma's house.

And there is more to come. Best to come. And I do things with my pace.

We're not greedy. We have investors who came to us. They love what we do.

And I'm the only company in the country. No one sit at my table in my chair telling me what to do. We have the last word.

But we are fair people. I always call them. I meet with them.

I tell them what we're doing. My son, Jacob, he explained to them what we're doing. Where are we going?

How are we opening? And this and that. Any questions?

They have no answer. You know what they say? We have more money for you.

So I said, okay, it's good to have offense and defense. You know what's the beauty about my business? It's like a basketball team.

In the locker room, the chemistry is working, no drama. And that's what we have in our home office, the warehouse, roasting. Among each other, we have no drama.

Zero drama, zero stress. And I make them comfortable like my own children, which is I'm younger than them. Most of the time I feel.

But I treat them like my kids with respect, integrity and love. And there's nothing I can do for my team because they're the one who's making me growing. And the quality of my clientele, come to my district, come to my county, come to my city.

And I'm going to conquer them one at a time. I learned I could put a coffee in the mountain. I didn't need permits.

People will come camping. I have landlords. They call me up, Phil, which building you like?

I go buy for you. I'm serious. I have developers.

I have a real estate who works for me. I pay her salary. I tell her, go to Denver, find me five locations.

Then I go take a look. But I have people from Denver call me. That's the beauty of what happened for us.

So it's, you have to earn things in life and treat people with integrity, respect, hospitality. Because when we give you the cup of coffee, I don't have a priest maker. I have artists.

I call them artists. Because they put the love in that cup of coffee before they hand it to you. They tell you, please try it.

See if it comes to your taste. Because I want you to walk out of my shop with a smile. I want you to go sit at my table.

I might put a seatbelt on it to keep you safe. So there's business for everybody. I know pay attention.

I have no competition. I am my own competition. And God bless everybody.

Because their success is my success. And that's how I feel. Do the right thing.

Love what you do. Listen to yourself. Let your money breathe.

What's one item scare people? One thing scare people. Break families, sisters, brother, husband, wife.

One item. Money. And then when I was 13, I scare money.

Money doesn't scare me. As long as I'm healthy, I'm not a handicap. I could go work.

Pick up garbage. Sewer line. Do anything.

You make money. It's not how much you make. It's how wise you, how to save for the old age.

But live right. Balance your life. And do the right thing.

So I always loved coffee when I was a kid. One time I was asked by the Chronicle. How much you love coffee?

I said, I'm into coffee like the Pope into God. You always thought it was a good month. Hey, Phil.

Do you think we have got some time for some questions? We can pass this microphone and let people. I want to ask them a question.

Do you want to do that? Yeah. And we'll pass this microphone if anyone needs it.

And that's what we'll do. Go ahead. We could talk for 10 days for a week, but I simplify things because I know you guys have other things to do, better things to do, but I tell you, you could go to my website and read my story.

I spent 25 years reflecting my concept. People climb ladder, I own the ladder. Yes?

Hey Phil, I have a question for you. What's the origin story with the Ice Mint Mojito? Oh, that was a good one.

Actually, the Sora took me seven years to perfect. Something about me, I like beverage, I like food, I like quality products. They say, it's too fat, you're diabetic, don't eat this, don't eat red meat.

Food was made to be eaten. I'll tell you what's bad, it's the drama. You get up in the morning, you say, do I need to go to work?

Oh, do I need to face my boss? Oh, my food. I made, this is not healthy.

So I worked in so good, almost one o'clock at night, I get up and something tell me change the beans because I used to count them like the pharmacy, like medicine. Because coffee is medicine to your body. Believe me guys.

So I made a cup of coffee and all of a sudden I said, wow, my wife wake up. She goes, she goes, the coffee is going through your head. I said, no, you should taste it.

I tried black with milk, with low fat, with almond, with white soy. You should taste this. She goes, boy, it looks good.

When I put the cream on it, it looks like the desert. So beautiful when nobody sit on it, walk in it. I go to her, how can I make the desert green?

Watch. I went to my backyard, I pick up the mint. I said, you see how I make the desert green?

So that's where mint mojito came in from the mint. Me and my son Jacob, we worked at it and we came with the method how we make the mint. That's how it came out.

And it's number one selling. Thank you. We got another question back here.

So I'm curious, as Phil's continues to grow a lot, have you ever felt pressured to sacrifice the values and the focus on community that you've had? And as you continue to grow, how do you stay true to that and not become like other coffee shops? I'm conscious.

I have, I'm going to tell you guys, I have in the Bible, there's 10 commandments, right? I have 10 myself too. That's why I'm successful.

And my mission, one of the supervisors, he goes, Phil, you're getting big. It's getting harder. I said, no, it's getting easier.

I've been here three times. You already know what I'm all about. I didn't need to explain it to you.

So nothing will change because one, two, three, that's how we do it. One, two, three. There's no different and no one can change my concept.

I could hear, listen, but no one can change. Because if it's working, why change it? People love it.

So best to come, my friend. I hope we all witness that. Thank you.

We got a question up here. Yeah. So obviously you're ultra successful.

No, I built a solid foundation. Good. Even better.

Earthquake proof. Okay. I'm sure.

So what's the maybe most memorable mistake that you made as you were on your journey to becoming a, you know, a business owner and maybe a biggest lesson that you drew from it? Well, that I started early in the 80s. I waited till two or two.

I should have done it a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah.

You know, every day I become better at what I do best. And I hear, I listen, but I put things together and I draw things in my head like a drawer, a picture. You see, first I do the foundation.

I make sure it's erected to God. You understand? And you must have faith.

You can't go wrong. And let your money breathe. You don't know if it's going to work unless you work at it.

But if you keep talking about it and your friends keep taking you away from it, you're delaying your concept. I had that concept long time ago, but I was waiting for the right time because Starbucks came in and he used to open in this corner, all of a sudden the next corner, all of a sudden the next corner, all of a sudden close that coffee shop or buy him out. So I said, I want to see how far they go.

I learned after several years, Starbucks has more money than God. So I let him go. But I used to go to their shops in the nineties and I see young generation.

I didn't know who they're trying to impress. I go to Beats. They're all young, smart, dressed good, professional, educated.

They have money. I used to go watch them. They like the coffee shop because of the graphic design.

But their coffee, God bless them. But to me, it's awful. You love coffee, but you've been taken for a ride because that place has quality clientele.

You want to be with them. So that's when I started to pick up things in life. So there's different between coffee shops, other coffee shops in the clientele.

So I used to like Beats clientele, but they want a good cup of coffee. And I captured a lot of Beats customers. And you know who took them away from them?

Jacob Wonderbar. I made that special just for Beats customers because I studied their coffee and I tried them all. And my coffee, my friends, stronger than espresso, really strong, the least possible acid has.

So I capture the customers who are acid problem. They drink coffee, they have acid, goes to their stomach. I captured that clientele.

You go to any coffee shop anywhere in the world, espresso, double shot, latte, cappuccino. I have none of that. I'm different.

I have name brands. Each name has a story. If you go to my shops, the newest one we built in the Hyatt, by the Hyatt Regency in Buccaneiro Center.

We have shelves with jars and beans and a story about that. We did the same thing in Washington DC. So our story is real.

It's not carnation or imitation. It's a... We do need two people to talk about it.

You guys know what's going on. Okay, we got another question back here. Hey Phil.

You've had such a successful journey so far. But if you had to go back in time, would it, would there be something you would have done differently? No.

I always want to do this when I was a kid. I have it written down even 50 years from now. I hope one day I'll have 10, 20,000 people working for me.

So I always have that vision. Like Frank Sinatra was born to sing, I was born to make coffee. Every each one of you, good at what you do best, I'm sure.

And we're getting better at it. Yes. Yes sir.

My question is actually like, can you tell us more about for working with three three teams when you're not in that car? Okay. In 203, I have privilege to meet the guy who took Starbucks to Wall Street.

He offered me the same deal. I turned him down. Two other venture capital, I turned him down because I saw their vision.

One day we got a phone call from... No. Venture capital in Palalto.

No. Better than that. Summit Investment.

They go to my shop in Al-Ma'an Forest every day. And so we get a phone call. My son said, Dad, I have these guys.

They want to meet with you. I said, you go meet with them, see what they want. You know what I need.

So he went and he started talking and they're talking and he said, Dad, they want to meet you. So I met with him. And we sat in the table.

And the top guy, he said, I'm very interested. I usually do high tech. You're the only food, beverage I'm going to do.

I like what you have, what you're doing, your clientele, the service. He touched me the way he talks. The only reason I took him in, because he answered my question correct.

And the last thing I told him, don't you ever think you're going to sit in my chair and tell me what to do? You have no power. If you're really interested, deal with Jacob.

And that's what happened. I'm the only company that I have investors big time. They can't tell me what to do.

Then I have angel investors, huge actors, Snoopy Dogg. I'm hoping you can introduce me. Well, keep looking at my website, because I'm going to have him come to the city.

I'm going to give him my fedora. I'm going to give him a Cuban cigar. Drive him around.

Take him for the tour. So keep looking at my website. Okay?

All right. We got another question back here. Hi, Phil.

Hi. How are you? Good.

I was just curious. What does Snoop Dogg order at Phil's? Great question.

You know, sometimes he's doing rap music, and he have a cup of coffee. I saw that many times. He likes Jacob.

He likes mint mojito. He likes ambrosia. But he always go back to Jacob.

He likes to be here. Yeah. So as an entrepreneur, it sounds like you had a very long kind of upcoming.

What along the way did you use to motivate yourself as you kind of, as every entrepreneur goes through kind of the lulls of confidence and belief? Like I told you, I have a good mind. I believe.

I have vision. I know pay attention to other entrepreneurs, what they do, and God bless what they do. There is business for everybody.

But I... I tried to move from this circle to this circle, this circle, this circle. So when I opened in Balalto, Balalto, my friends, I want to tell you something about South.

It's the last circle in life for the next 60 years. Balalto, Silicon Valley. And they were my first clientele, CEOs.

I met Steve Jobs, Tim Cook, Mark Zuckerberg. And they put me... They took me under their wings.

Because coffee and technology complement each other. You could work, social, drink coffee, go home drive, you're not going to stop by a cop. You more alert.

So they go together. So I always look for places where colleges, community where I could build community. It become like...

like a barber shop. That's the one you go to, your mechanic. I have people that come study every day in my shops.

So... I'm not going to rush. I want to get wealthy when I'm 100 years old, my friend.

I'm already wealthy by how many people like me, respect me, trust me. I'm a community guy. I don't like to talk about it.

I have so little, I can't afford to pay attention to no one. But I do what I can to do. Whatever I can do to help the community, the schools, the little children.

I like to help children because... I don't want them to make the same mistakes we're doing. Because they need to be guiding.

Their parents working, trying to survive, pay the bills. So when I go do school speech for five, six, seven, eight, I try to educate them to wake up, respect each other, work together, steal the knowledge from your teacher. Pay attention.

It's good to go play basketball and run around. But when you're in class, pay attention. Open your ear, your eyes.

Focus. So I do a lot of that stuff. Thank you.

We have another question over here. Hey, Phil. How do you measure your success?

With a roller. You know, you could go as high as the sky is what you want. I measure my success with my value, my morals, the quality of my coffee.

Look at you straight in the eye and say, thank you so much for your business. Tell a friend. That's how I measure my success.

And you guys all my success. Because of you, I'm growing. Because of my team is conquering my concept and they're doing the right thing.

I don't have to be there. That's my success. Thank you.

Hey, Phil. What do you teach in your school and in your training and how many people fail? What's your name?

Darius. Darius? Yes.

The first thing I meet you, I say, Darius, I'm Phil. I want you to be calm, settle. Don't be intimidated.

Don't sweat. Be honest to me when I ask you a question. I'm sweating already.

No, no, don't. So I try to make him feel comfortable. Not, oh my God, Phil is here.

Jacob is here. I like to make him feel comfortable from the first day. And if the answer right and honesty, I'm in the first day with my recruiting team.

And everyone works for me. I have nothing up my sleeve. I give him the power to make decision.

You see what I'm saying? It's not you have to come to me. You make decision.

Because when I met you, I make decision to give you a job. So now you, that's your mission. You are Phil.

You make decision. So as soon as the recruiting came, they go to my training. And that's how we do business, my friend.

Thank you. Got another question in the middle over here. Hey, Phil.

I had a question. You talk a lot about having confidence in what you've done and believing in yourself from the beginning. Was there ever a time when you were obviously building your coffee empire where you took a gamble or you took a risk where you were unsure about the outcome, but you did it anyways because you had faith in your, uh, besides I have faith.

I'm like a German shepherd. I smell the community, the locations, my friend, because I do my work. It's not that location is good.

I go at night. I park my car. I walk around.

I go in the daytime, walk around. I go inside the shops, see how they conduct business with their clientele, their customers. I learned a lot from Santa Monica.

My son, he said, Dad, there's a shop in Santa Monica between 5th and 6th. It's really good. Go see if it's okay to open, yes or no.

So I went there 8 o'clock in the morning, my friend. I stand in front of the place. I look up.

I saw God looking over me. I felt it. Then I start walking.

The shop opened. Go inside. I saw plastic people.

I walked into many shops. They don't recognize me, but they recognize him because he lives there. They treat him different.

They talk to me different. So what I did one day, lunchtime, I walk into a bar. I said, I'm from Pennsylvania.

I'm here to write a book. Can I use the bathroom, please? I said, I'm here to write a book.

You know what he told me? Are you going to buy something? Because he recognized I'm a stranger.

I said, of course, if you let me use the bathroom, give me Diet Coke. He said 375. I put $5.

I said, where's the bathroom? I go to the bathroom. I don't need to use the bathroom.

I just want to test them. So I go to the bathroom. I wash my hand.

I came out. I grabbed my Coke. He left $1.25 on the counter.

I put the Coke back. I left the money. I said, this is for you.

So I started walking like this. Two guys were behind me. Then all of a sudden, they were laughing.

What do you learn from that? Like we got him. I left the Coke and the money and I walk out.

So I did three hours walking. This way, go up, go down, go up like this, zigzag. Then I came back to the location.

I called Jacob. I said, sign the lease. And it's one of my best shops right now.

We built culture, community. We opened one in Hope Street. It's doing the same thing.

We opened in CNN. It's doing the same thing gradually because Hollywood, they've been there before me. I have to improve myself.

Even they hear about me, but I have a strong feeling it's going to be another plus. So. Okay.

I have a question. You talk about putting the Z on fills, which is marketing. Since then, since the Z, what's the best marketing strategy you've done?

It's easy to go into one community and build a brand, but you have a brand that goes across the country. How would you have advertised yourself? What's the best way that you've marketed?

I didn't need to spend so much money now. Because people from other cities, they can visit their friend here or go back and forth. I didn't know what happened.

People bring people to the coffee shops. It's a new thing. So they built my name, my culture.

So I will do the same thing. I will do soft opening gift on us. I will try to go to high tech companies, do events on us.

I will go to Georgetown in the yard and serve coffee on us. That's what we do. It's good to forgive and forget.

And don't you all forget how to give. You like that one? All right.

Okay. Let's have one last question if anyone has one. Sorry.

You just didn't punch. You said at the beginning that you'd like to ask us a question. What's your question?

Why are you all here? Why are you all here? I should come to your classroom and learn from you guys.

Huh? No secret. My secret is three words.

Action. So... We'll do one last one then.

Okay. Okay. Yeah.

Thank you for the great presentation and sharing all your knowledge. You mentioned that the way that you work is you pay a lot of attention how you recruit people. And then you have a training.

And I wonder then after that how you ensure that the momentum of the culture stays alive. And that you know over time it stays you know the way that you have been envisioning it. Even you go through recruiting, training.

Now you have your own shop where you're going to work. The previous people there they look after you. They watch you.

They guide you. They make you become better than you were yesterday. I have a team that they compliment each other.

It's not I'm the manager, your boss. They respect their leadership because one day I want you to become a leader. I want you one day to come take over my job because I have other things planned I want to do.

See? So we're building team culture. The chemistry is working.

You see what I'm saying? And they respect each other. That's number one key.

Work. You go to work, no fears. Oh my god, I'm going to see him there.

None of that. That's how we approach them. I have two young ladies over there.