I try to say this to everyone and they hate hearing it. Let me ask you a question real quick. And then we could talk about business if we want.

We don't have to. You bought your house. So your house is in a, you could say where you live if you want.

But we'll say it's a nice neighborhood that still has some issues in San Francisco. I would say it's one of the less nice neighborhoods of San Francisco overall. But it's still desirable because it's like in a hipster area.

Do you regret buying your home? Yes. Do you, is your, what do you, can you want to say what your rent is?

Is that your new house or not? Yeah, sure. So the new house rent is seven grand a month.

And was that less than your mortgage? Yeah, it's less overall because with a house you have, you know, property tax, you have your mortgage and then you have like, you know, sort of the house maintenance issues that come up over time that, you know, just miscellaneous things. Do you think you'll make any money?

A little bit less, but similar. Do you think you're going to make any money off of this deal? Not really.

And that's good, you know, because selling a house has a lot of fees. So like, you know, when you buy a house, if you want to sell it the next day, you basically need to sell it for 5% more just with the broker fees. And then there's like the transfer tax.

And then there's, you know, all the staging costs, you know, it's going to cost us 15 grand to stage the place and fix up the paint and the, you know, little scuffs and scratches that we've had along the way. And then, you know, we didn't take care of the lawn as good as we should have. So we've got to get a landscaper.

So there's all these costs to selling. So is it going to come out that you broke even and you live for free? Or is it going to come out that you just lived for acre or whatever the month?

I lived for, I lived at basically about what I could have lived renting it or maybe a little bit ahead. We'll see how it nets out. Like it's unknown, right?

Like with COVID and stuff, like we don't even know, you know, for somebody to come do an open house tour is like a lot of friction now. It's like, wear your mask, sign this waiver, blah, blah, blah. So I don't know where it's going to sell for.

But the reason I regret it is not because of any of that. You know, right before I bought the house, like I had been house hunting. And like a week before I was hanging out with Sully and Sully is, you know, a hundred times wealthier than I am.

And I asked him, I said, do you own your place? And I was hanging out with him at his house. He's like, no.

I was like, why don't you own like, you know, just the most baller house here because you could. And he was like, oh yeah, no, I like the, you know, I like the flexibility of renting, blah, blah, blah. And I was like, it seemed like he just kind of didn't give me the full answer there.

So I asked him again at the very end. He just didn't want to make you feel bad. Yeah.

I was walking to my Uber and I was like, so if you were me, would you buy? And he goes, no. And I go, wait, why?

And he goes, he goes really simple. He's like, I just think I can get a better cap rate and better return on my money essentially doing other things than buying a home. So like, you know, you put your down payment down 20% of your home, in our case, 25%.

And that money sits in your home and it's appreciating at the rate of your home appreciation, which is like, you know, very widely. Well, I think it could be like 3%. Yeah.

Historically across all homes, I think it's 3%. Yeah, exactly. And San Francisco did a lot better during a certain era where it was like 10, 15% a year.

But his point was basically like, yeah, like I know that my, if I take all my options for how to deploy a dollar, you know, stock market, I can expect about a 7% return. You know, I can do private, you know, startup investing. I can do private equity.

I can put my money to a hedge fund. I can do multifamily real estate. There's like all these things I can do.

Putting it into a down payment of a house is not the best way. And on top of that, it doesn't spit off any cash flow. So like if I do, if I just buy a home and I rent it out to someone, I get the appreciation of a home.

Plus I get the cash flow every month. I try to say this to everyone and they hate hearing it. And I understand why they hate hearing it.

But I think buying a house, in Austin, all of our staff buys homes. And I'm like, look, don't tell me you're buying this house because it's a good investment. Tell me you're buying this house because you want to.

Like when I bought my stake last night, I didn't think that this $30 is a good investment. I did it because I felt, well, it's not a financial investment, but a good investment of like, it made me happy. I wanted it.

I work hard so I can have things I want. So if you buy your house, don't tell me you're doing it because you're just throwing away money on rent. Tell me you're doing it because it's going to make you happy or because you want to.

Because that is a good reason. But to say that it's an investment, that's bullshit. You could say that it's a great way to preserve wealth, but it absolutely, in most cases, is not a great way to make wealth.

Right. Yeah, exactly. And I don't blame anybody who thinks that.

I thought five or seven years ago, I would have also said, wait, isn't renting like flushing money down the toilet? And if you buy your home, you have equity in it, blah, blah, blah. And I learned pretty quickly, first smart person I talked to that was like, no, that's not exactly how it works.

So, yeah, if you haven't gone down that rabbit hole, go down the rabbit hole because the sort of American dream of like, own your own home with your, you know, your white picket fence in your backyard. That is pretty silly. Yeah.

It also made a lot more sense when the ratio of income to housing prices was closer than it is now. Now it's significantly different. Out of whack.

And you face like, you know, risk, right? Like when I'm in my home and now, boom, remote work is on the rise. Being in a city is not the thing anymore.

It's like, oh, shit. You know, people take it for granted that these things just sort of go up and, you know, you're one shift away. You know, as soon as Elon Musk can make the Hyperloop work where I can commute long distances in like 20 minutes or less, then people are going to want to go live further away, have way more, you know, space, resources, whatnot, and not want to be impacted, you know, like a sardine into a city.

A lot of people will choose that. And so you're one technological shift or one policy shift, or in this case, one policy plus biological, you know, terror away from not wanting people not wanting to be in a certain type of real estate class. Like the way real estate is now struggling because of what's going on.

You get a whole lot of unemployment and now people can't pay the rents. And, you know, every month rents are dropping. It was like 99% of people paid their rent last month on the multifamily stuff that I read.

90% of people are paying their rent. And if that dips below, you know, a certain number, maybe it's 82% or whatever it is. Now, all of a sudden, you're underwater in your multifamily real estate.

The way that I like to live because so I've been an entrepreneur since I was 16, making money, like on my own, not necessarily all the time, a lot of money, but like having to like go out and hunt and kill each week. And I like am allergic to like really big purchases. And I'm allergic to getting locked into stuff.

And I actually think that me being allergic to that has actually hurt me. I think that had I increased my overhead on some things, my overhead's really cheap. Had I increased my overhead, I actually would have worked harder to like have to like fulfill that overhead.

But now, I mean, if I don't work for many, for very long, I don't even know how long, maybe forever. I'm fine. And I just prefer to be on that defense cockroach than putting, you know, in San Francisco, you got to put down $300,000 or $400,000 on a home.

I'm like, oh, fuck. I don't want to. That's scary.

I don't want to do that. You know what I mean? Yeah.

And so I've never had the courage to do it.