So I'm Robin, I'm the founder and CEO of Priceonomics. And today I'm just going to tell you guys a little bit about how we grew to be 2 million visitors a month. And how we started to figure out how to make money from basically just blogging.

So what is Priceonomics? If you talk to almost anyone, what we're known for is being a really big, interesting blog. We're a team of half writers, half engineers.

And we have an observation in the market. Newspapers are dying, blogs are being able to print out hundreds of millions of page views a month. But all of them just make money from ads.

So they have all this traffic, but they don't really know how to make money. So that's like one half of the world. Just content sites that are all like dying.

And then the other half of the world are like Silicon Valley startups. And these people know how to sell software for a lot of money. But their problem is they don't really know how to get traffic.

Like when you start your company, that's going to be the hardest thing. How do you get users? How do you get distribution?

How do you get traffic? And so our observation, what made the difference for us is we said, well, what if we combine the two? What if we became a really, really great content site that basically used that content to occasionally promote our own services?

And that's what we did at Pressnomics. Our main product is we crawl data for hedge funds and tech companies. And they pay us between two to $10,000 a month to get them a feed of that data every month.

And the one, the only way we get customers is by writing about data and attracting people that way. So this talk today is going to be about basically how do you create great content like that that can power your whole business? But like, you know, I think this will be a pretty honest conversation.

We'll try to be honest. And I think a lot of speakers will be honest with you about like how do you get there? And a lot of times when you read TechCrunch or you read, you know, VentureBeat, it sounds like it's this great linear path.

Like we came up with this idea and then we were successful. It took us a long time to get there. So let's start about the history of Pressnomics.

Part of the reason our name is Pressnomics, even though it probably doesn't have to be, was I had this idea. I sort of like love getting great deals on things. And I found a bike I really liked on Craigslist.

I bought it for $300. And it turned out I didn't really like it after like a week. So I put it on Craigslist again and I sold it for $1,000 a week later.

And I was like, this is not how a market should really work. You know, there should be like really great price transparency about how much a bike is. Like this is ridiculous.

So I like told some friends, we built a team together. We were like, let's just crawl through Craigslist and eBay and see how much these bikes are selling for. Or like iPhones are selling for or anything they're selling for.

So we built these crawlers. We built this website. And it was going to be like Kelly Blue Book for everything.

And it was called Pressnomics. And we built this thing and it was sort of like a side project. All of us were doing other things.

I had started a different company years before. I was happily running that. And we were like, well this sounds like a cool idea.

Why don't we apply to Y Combinator? And then, you know, to our surprise we got in. And it was sort of like, oh crap.

Now we have to turn this into a company. It wasn't like we were like so passionate about being a price guide. But now we were like, stop doing this.

And so we got into Y Combinator and we were like, well, you know, the one thing they tell you there is you have to figure out a way to grow. And early on, basically the only way we were getting users was from Google. People would Google like, how much is my Trek 5000 bike worth?

And there weren't a lot of results for that because, you know, like as my example from arbitrage advice tells you, like there was no data about that. So we were showing up and it was like going pretty well. And we're like, well how can we grow faster?

Well we need more links. You know, we need people to cover us. We need like basically to do well in Google.

You need a lot of content. You need people to link to you so you have a lot of authority. So we're like, alright, well let's start a blog.

And we can write about our data. Like the OkCupid blog was really huge then. And we thought like, well let's just do what they did and, you know, write about data.

And I'll sort of like talk you through a little bit about like how we started off and how it was sort of advantageous some of the things we did in the beginning that accidentally allowed us to go down the path of mostly blogging. And like we did that and it worked pretty well. And we started like going up the ranks in Google and we were in YC.

And we managed to raise like, you know, over a million dollars in funding afterwards from great angel investors. And like from the outside world it looked like this sort of perfect start up. You were getting to live the dream.

But internally, like every day we looked at the numbers and it was all driven by Google. Like other than our blog, all the users were just coming in from Google. And then one day like it would go down 20%.

And then it might go up 10%. Or it might go down 50%. Or it might go up 100%.

But it really like eventually we figured out that like these aren't our users. These are Google's users. And eventually like, you know, are we going to be able to build a real business just off the back of Google?

We have to like think about something else. And so while we were doing this, through being a Y Combinator and being in Silicon Valley, you just get to meet a lot of other people that are doing start ups. People would always come to us and ask like, hey, we're trying to crawl these enormous websites.

That's all you guys do is like crawling through these sites that have so much data. How do you get them? Can you help us with this?

We're almost like, all right, yeah, we'll have coffee with you. We'll tell you about this. Eventually someone was like, well, you know, can we pay you for this data you're getting?

And we're like, no, we don't want that. We don't want that. Crazy.

We're a price guy. And then eventually we're like, well, I guess what you pay is $2,000 a month. Like we just threw out a really absurdly high number.

I was going to say like $200 a month. And they said, yeah, okay. And we're like, oh, okay.

Well, that's like way more money than we were making from this like maintaining a site. That's just one customer. So that's how everything clicked.

We started to have this business model in place. And we were like, we'd write great content that sometimes involved crawling data from the web. People would find out about us.

A very, very small percentage of them would like contact us and say, hey, we need this sort of data. And those people we would charge anywhere between $2,000 to $10,000 a month. And then once we like figured out that model, then it was a little bit more repeatable.

And we could write more awesome stuff. We could sell more stuff. And so that's sort of like the story about how we got here.

And like there's so many times in that little story I told you where we just totally could have died, you know. But the one thing that always like stuck with people was that they really liked our blog. And that was like the one thing that we always stoked was that we've got to write really interesting content.

We've got to find cool data. We've got to share it. We've got to like stoke this thing that people love.

And that ended up saving us and letting us like figure out and try new things that we could like sell to our audience. And that's where we are today. So this talk is sort of aimed at you who's just trying to start a company and who wants to make great content so you can get like in the newspaper or TechCrunch or wherever.

So that like people can find out about you. So you can market your products. So you can test out new things.

And so you can get distribution. And like as you're thinking about how do you market your startup or how do you write a blog post that like promotes yourself. Just remember that no one cares.

Like and don't feel bad about that. Like when you email someone like they're busy doing their job. They have like a million other things.

They don't care about like what you just email them. They probably don't have a mental overhead to even process it. And like don't say it personally.

Just like no one cares. So you're going to have to just really really stand out. And make other make people like demand to care.

Like that you are so special that like you help them do their job or you're just so interested that they care. And that's really the only way to get through in my opinion. And so we have one philosophy about like marketing PR anything.

And that is like information. Information for us is currency. Like we're in the business of like just giving people information.

And why do we do that? Yeah it helps us like you know sell things because sometimes we sell that information to people. But mostly like think about you want to get coverage somewhere online.

And this person, this reporter, like they're doing their job. And that's a lot of work. It takes a lot of time to like research a company, to write a blog post, to do anything.

How can you convince that person to spend the time to write about you? Like would you like write a book report about some random person that talked to you on the street? Like that would like kill your week.

So like why don't you do something that can make their lives just way, way easier. Like give them a report that like if they write about it they will look incredible. Like one of the first things we wrote about that like really had a lot of currency or did really well was we crawled through every like iPhone and figured out how much they were depreciating over time.

And we also crawled through every Android phone and found out how much they were depreciating over time. And we also, this was like two years ago, so Blackberry, two and a half years ago, so Blackberry was even like a thing. And we figured out how much Blackberries were depreciating over time.

We came up with this index, it was like, oh it looks like iPhones depreciate the least. They're like the best resale value compared to Androids or Blackberries. And we wrote that and like all of a sudden like nothing really happened in the beginning.

Like we just wrote it, we put it in our blog. Then we like emailed like a few places. We emailed like GIGO, we emailed TechCrunch, we emailed Venturebeat.

And eventually like one of them saw it and wrote about it. Because like that was a story for them. Like iPhones had the lowest depreciation.

And like that's not like he didn't have to like put in a ton of work to like do the calculations himself or write about it. And that made him look like really smart. It helped him do his job.

It brought new information in the world. And then that led to like a torrential like, you know, like everyone then covered this thing. Like iPhones are number one in depreciation according to Priceonomics.

Which was just like a couple of dudes. But that was in the New York Times. That was in like the Lawster Journal.

That was everywhere. And so like just give people information because like otherwise you're going to be like, can you write about me? And they'll say why?

And you won't have a good answer other than I would like you to. You know? So how did we get started?

Like and what do I define as information? It could be like awesome data that your company puts together or is a byproduct of your company. But it could also be like an anecdote that only you or your company authentically know.

And like what do I mean by that? When we when we first launched, it was right before Christmas. And we had arranged for like, because we were in Y Combinator.

They like helped us make sure like TechCrunch would write about Priceonomics. Kelly Blue Book for everything. And we were like, why don't you write a blog post too about like our company with the launch.

And I wrote this thing up that was like, because there's Christmas time and like we're a price guide. And it was like five used things you can buy your wife for Christmas or something. Like something very lame.

Like, but I just thought like, well, this is what a blog is supposed to do. Like you talk about your product. You like shamelessly plug it.

Like it's not supposed to be that popular. It's just like a blog. And so, but the thing was like TechCrunch was going to write about us before Christmas.

But they ended up writing about us on like the 26th. So I read this blog post all ready to go. Like that I was going to like post afterwards after we launched about like, you know, Christmas presents.

But it was after Christmas. So I couldn't do it. I couldn't write about this thing.

So by accident, I was like, well, I got to produce something today. And what do I know about? So I thought like, well, one interesting thing we did last week was we emailed all our friends in Y Combinator.

And we're like, hey, we're testing out our data and we're buying Aeron chairs. And we'll like buy them on Craigslist. And then we'll resell them to you at a markup.

And so we would like sell them for $400 and then source them online using our data for like, you know, $300, $350. And that to me was like, okay, well, I can write about that. Like, it's not like that much about our product really, but it's more about how we did this.

How would we like go out there and find these chairs and try to get people and like try to rip off our classmates by taking their money. And that ended up being like such a better story. Like people actually liked that because it was authentic.

It was stuff that we knew, even though it was just an anecdote about us. And then like that ended up on Hacker News. It was the number one article there.

It was in like all things D. It was in like all these places that like, if we had just written like the boring thing about our company, nothing would have happened. So in the beginning, every time we wrote a blog post, it would take us at least 40 hours.

And so when you like read it, it might even not even be that many words. It might look kind of breezy in its own, like someone just dashed it off. Like, but that was never the case.

Like it would take so much time for us to assemble the data, for us to figure out how to visualize it, and for us to tell the story. We wrote things like the hipster fixie bike index, where we figured out like where in America fixed gear bikes were selling the most. And like doing that is a lot of work.

Like you have to crawl a lot of data to figure that out. And we published that, that went gangbusters. We did something about San Francisco rent prices over a year ago, before like people really were able to quantify how fast the prices were increasing in the city.

And I got 30,000 Facebook likes. But it took us like almost a month to pull that data together and visualize it. We've done stuff where we compared Airbnb prices to hotel prices by crawling through all these massive websites.

And like those ones like that use a lot of data take a lot of time. But even the ones that don't involve a lot of data that we just write about because we want to bring new information to the world, they, we put a ton, a ton, a ton of effort into it. Sometimes we don't put that much effort into it though.

And this was like our most popular blog post ever. And it was called, How much does it cost a book your favorite band? And we thought it was like kind of a crappy blog post.

Someone had sent us this data about like how much does it cost a book like Madonna versus like Justin Timberlake versus like everyone. And we just like threw in our blog. It took us like no time.

And because we had been doing this so long and people were sort of expecting interesting information from us, we sort of started to have like all these advantages now that we put something up there. And like this one blog post got 1.2 million views and over a hundred thousand Facebook likes. And we just like threw it on there.

We thought like we're not even going to send this to our email list. It's not good enough. No one will care.

And so, and like that didn't really drive us any, I mean we got like a million visitors in a day. It didn't really like drive any business to us. But at the same time we got a lot of business that day.

And how that happened. We had also written a piece earlier about RetailMeNot. And we had crawled through all their Google search results to show how awesome they were at SEO.

And how that 71% of the time they were the number one result for coupon related Google searches. And then that same day we had that massive Madonna spike. RetailMeNot, the Google's Panda search update hit.

RetailMeNot got creamed. And their stock price dropped like 30% in a day because they were getting all their traffic from Google. And then all these hedge fund analysts started Googling like RetailMeNot SEO data.

And we just showed up. And like that day like almost every big hedge fund on Wall Street emailed us. And it was the same day that like Madonna was going viral on our site.

But something else that we had written unrelated was then really taking off and driving business. So as you do this you'll have your own rules about like making interesting authentic information. Ours is like bring information, be right, be interesting.

Like we want to basically make content that's like the most interesting articles that are in the business section in the New York Times under Wall Street Journal. And you don't have to like, you know, you don't have to like reinvent the wheel every time. Like now as we're doing this we have like themes.

Like you can tap into like a really popular subculture. We wrote about like the business of fish sometime. Like we, you can like just write stuff that like people feel good when they share it.

Some information for us that's like really surprising. Or we like saying like something is bullshit. And like, or the economics of food trucks or economics of, you know, anything.

You can tell a story about like how you guys started. About how one of your friends started a company. You know, the hero cycle as an entrepreneur.

You can just post a chart that tells an interesting story. And you can come up with various themes that like you keep hitting over and over. And then in the beginning, you have to basically do some work to make it spread.

And after a while, like, I mean in the beginning like you'll write something, it'll be really cool. But nothing will happen. Unless you like sort of push it.

And the good news is that like if you push it a little bit, it can really, really spread. Because of Facebook, because like one blog reads another blog, whatever. You seem to get mentioned like once or twice.

Or you need to like get on like some subreddit. Or you need to get like somewhere on Hacker News. And then eventually it'll just avalanche.

And that's like the beauty of, the beauty of like content today is that you don't have that many disadvantages. Versus just being like the New York Times. You know, like they rely on people sharing it on Facebook.

Just like you rely on people sharing it on Facebook. If you make something as good as what's in the New York Times, people don't care if it's on your little blog or the New York Times. Like they're just sharing it on Twitter.

They're just sharing it on Facebook. They're just a blogger needing some data to write about. And they'll write about you just as quickly as they'll write about something that's in the Economist and the New York Times.

So like put in a little effort up front to like, you know, email a journalist and say, hey, here's a study we wrote. You might like it. You know, and do those things that don't really pay off.

And eventually like, eventually it will like become easier. You know, like that article we wrote that had a million visitors. That wouldn't have happened the first day that we get a million visitors when we wrote something.

Like you have this cumulative advantage over time. So stick with it. It's not, it's not easy.

And then finally, like we were so like, we love our content so much that we're like, not all of us needs to necessarily even promote our business. Like 10% of it needs to. 90% of it just needs to be good.

And we found it was so good. We like loved it so much. So authentically.

We even put it in a book called Everything is Bullshit. And we self published it. And a month ago, we just like put it on our blog.

We didn't do anything. And that month it sold $20,000 worth of like profit for us. And it was the number one econ book on Amazon when we launched it.

Above like Freakonomics. And that was just like the level of intensity that we put into making our blog really, really, really good. That like, we're like, we think it's so good that people would buy these recycled blog posts.

And we added new content to it. But it was really just a testament to like, our commitment to making good things and that they would spread. So thank you.

That's Freakonomics. Thank you, Robin. If you guys have a question, please come down.

You need the opportunity to speak to one of the best content experts I've seen actually. So, I just have a question about how you get inspiration, I guess, for your content. It seems like you take a lot of time to develop it.

So what do you do and then what stands out I guess about writing it? I guess like we just get struck by things that we find are interesting. And we start with that.

I guess for your content it seems like you take a lot of time to Develop it so what do you do and then what stands out? I got I guess about writing it I guess like we just Get struck by things that we find are interesting and we start with that like Like the other day we were Talking about like the witness protection program over lunch like wait a minute is that a thing like do people actually Go in a witness protection program like what happens on their Facebook profiles? Yeah, like I don't have a lunch conversation and They were like well, why don't we just it's not that much work to dig into it and said like now right now Someone's working on a perfect a piece about like how the witness protection program works and like it's just sort of like an ephemeral Decision like this seems interesting to us And like sometimes we like you know well for every like good idea we have we have to like ten bad ideas But like we really just focus on like something we find that strikes us as interesting cool, thanks Hey, how you doing so I'm Michael my company's lots of stops which I call air traffic control for delivery But I'm curious did Madonna bookings increase after that blog post I I would I would guess not I'm just kidding No, my question is and maybe I wasn't paying attention in the beginning is so is your revenue model you being hired to do data research for other companies our revenue model is basically We will crawl the web like in a customized way for people And so like if you ever really start a company that involves like a lot of data Like you're like crawling through like a retailer site all the time or you're crawling through a marketplace or whatever Like it requires at least one full-time person possibly like a team of full-time people and these sites are always changing They're a pain in the butt might get blocked always there always like very okay Syncratic things about like getting data and so what our business model is we basically Will do that for a company so we just specialize in that so we can just get them to feed to the data And well for them it would take like a full-time team at least one person possibly like one or two and their personal hate doing it for us We like love doing it and we like focus on that so that's That is like you know 80% of our revenue Okay, so if you get backlogged on requests from other companies.

What do you do there? Do you outsource it? No, I mean we're sort of like building the platform to make it easier every time like the first time we did it and It took us like a couple months like really get the data in the right way Then the next time we did it took us like a month now.

It takes us like two weeks to set up a customer on our platform And eventually the goals like make it so that a customer could sort of run the data on there on our platform And monitor like oh this like change and now my crawler's not working or this thing happened But for now, it's like every time we're like building this plane As it's flying in terms of like making it easier for companies to get data cool. Well, I enjoyed your talk. Thank you.

Thank you Hi, I'm Amy I come from the editorial content side of things so I was wondering if you could speak a little bit more like Data calling for dummies sort of the technical side of things The data that you're finding like old-fashioned ways all the research that editors have to do To optimize that and make it quicker to understand the tech side I think would sort of help a lot Yeah, so there's like all this stuff about data journalism out there today like you know 538 or box or things like that and people are like well And when people apply to our Jobs for writers sometimes they're like hey, you know, I know how to crawl data like I did this project and But like for our writers we don't have them do any of the crawling and Because the one the data that we want is so like hard to get we want like real real professionals to get it and almost nothing we do Could be done by someone that was just like doing it as a hobby or like as a side thing and so you know like Other people out there might like have writers or like get the data too, but we like split it up So we have like professionals and professional data crawling we have the writers like do the professional writing And so yeah, our philosophy is that it's like too difficult to do anyone who really specialize in it And crawling it's um I assume there's a technical side of how the crawling happens and then it's probably synthesizing the data as well as that the crawlers do? Uh the crawlers I mean no one then I mean typically like I end up synthesizing it you know like or you know someone on our team does But it's typically me because I want to put my stamp of approval that like every time we put something out there it has to be right And if it's not right we lose all our credibility if we're gonna get say that like Airbnb prices are this much for these hotels It has to really really be right and so ultimately like nothing gets out the door without me either doing it or approving it So it's best if you're an editor to go to something like you It's best to not mess up So like so like if you feel uncomfortable with it like anytime you put something on the internet like someone will know it better than you and So you have to like keep that in mind that like you have to really really be right because it'll get out if you make a mistake Or it has to be done in a way like don't give an opinion on something that you're not a hundred percent sure about like Have the scope of the argument very very narrow so you are the expert in that at least narrow question So how do you source that calm data if you are an editor? Like who is who is an expert like who can someone go to?

I mean basically Yeah, I mean you have to like sort of work with an engineer I think to like to get it Hey there, my name is Monjal Shah So my question is I have a couple questions about Y Combinator Um so my buddy got in and chose not to join Uh so my question is kind of two part Um number one do you know what the percentages of people who get in uh choose not to go And the second is what the opportunity cost to not joining is um Like I would Never not do it like Like people always like come up to me and are like hey, how do you raise money? And like how did you do this? And I'm like I have no idea how I did it I just got in a YC and it was so much easier Um So it was like the best thing ever It's sort of like you got in and decided not to do it I don't know that would be weird Yeah That's what I always tell him so I figured maybe it could be a future blog post or something just about like the economics of About projecting Y Combinator what it really means It's like I mean economics wise it makes so much sense like this I don't I don't know how we would have raised money like The key thing about I think like when people like people email me all the time like hey Can you help me raise money like how did you do it?

Can you introduce me to this person? And like No one wants to give money to someone that wants their money You know like that's the real problem like if you just get a cold email like hey Like uh I'm doing this startup I cold email you like can you give me money? They will always say no because it just signals like this person I don't know it signals they want my money Which means there must be something deficient about them Um Whereas like being an incubator at least like Y Combinator they extract that away the investors are forced to talk to people And instead it looks like oh well these people don't really necessarily need my money I must there must be something great about them I have to give them my money Oh yeah I'm with you I just figured that way I can uh take something back and show them something uh You know like a blog post saying that he's wrong We've got time for two more questions but if we do within the next two minutes I think it would be great so next question I'm Ben Harvey I'm interning in San Francisco and I also started a company but um You said you only use blogs so I'm kind of wondering like what's your advice or What do you think about other social media platforms as I was trying to grow Yeah, I mean when I said we only use our blog like eventually where most of the traffic comes in through is Facebook um And like a bit of it comes through Twitter too and like journalists hang out on Twitter and it's great like for tracking what's going on but I mean Today like part of the cool thing is that so much traffic comes from Facebook or Twitter or other places that Really doesn't matter where you wrote it like you can write it on your website You can write it on Medium You can write it on like the New York Times you can write it on TechCrunch and like Travis is coming from Facebook so like you have a Sort of democratizing where you can put content That answers my question I just thought you meant when we blog so Um really quick do you have any tips on like how you structure the sharing links?

Do you like to put them at the top or the bottom on the sides of a particular service to add them in? Did you custom write that plugin or like Um so like I think we've never known a really good answer Uh we put them at the top we put them at the bottom And our blog posts are so long that I think we can kind of tell some people just share it right away without possibly reading 3 000 words And then some of them like they get to the end and then they they will share them But I think a lot of the data shows this isn't necessarily our data This is sort of my gut is that people will just share it on Facebook Like naturally or they'll email it naturally like they might even use your buttons They'll just like be like oh this thing was so awesome I have to like go to my Facebook feed and paste the link in Um and so a lot of it is just like people if it's really great people will share it no matter how crappy your buttons are All right thank you Rohan helps Pour people out Watch and ask everybody sharing All right Like We're everyone We're we're And we've We're We're Things We're We're We're We're We're But We're People We're