What is the strat you're using right now? You're looking for undervalued, basically like Sam, you said, okay, Sean and Sam have similar Twitter followings, but Sean's coin is more expensive right now. So I'm going to buy a ton of Sam.

And also they're in the same vehicle of my first million. So like, you know, you know, there's a good chance they'll, they'll grow together. So you saw Sam as an undervalued asset.

Is that the core thing you're doing? Basically just looking for the undervalued? So there's two main investment strategies, and then there's multiple investment strategies under the second one.

So the first one is you just buy big cloud and you just bet on the whole platform. And I'm probably going to keep like 60% of my money just in big cloud. And then once you own big cloud, you can buy, you can buy creator coins, right?

Creator coins are like the Sam coin, the Sean coin within that strategy. I have a few strategies. So one is I buy undervalued people like the Sam bar who until yesterday was valued at zero.

And I, and I bet that he's going to go up. Right. And then there's people, I also bought some Elon Musk and some Chamath and some of the people who are already trading at really high numbers, because I just think as the platform, people are going to go to the, to the fangs, the fang of BitClop basically.

Right. Yeah. That's what's like buying, like, you know, it's like buying like, yeah, like Walmart, you know, is buying like, you know, Chamath or Naval.

So, and then I'm looking like, I'm telling you, Chuck Norris, you watch Chuck Norris is going to go up. Like, I think Chuck Norris is way undervalued. That is the GameStop analogy.

Perfect analogy. Yeah. Chuck Norris is the GameStop.

We're going to pump and dump that bitch. And Austin, Austin Reef at Morning Brew, I think he's going to go way up. And he's going to do better than Sam because Sam's kind of being a wuss about BitClop from what I can tell.

I, I think it's true. I am being a little bit of a wuss. I just can't tell if I'm just like...

Yeah. I feel like I can rule the world. I know I could be what I want to.

Uh, I put my all in it like no days off. On the road, let's travel, never looking back. Oh, yeah.

Yeah.