I think I could build it to sell it, which what I want to know from your perspective, is that even a good plan building to sell? So part of me is like, yes, it's clear path to make money. Another part is like, it's kind of lame, though.

Yeah. Well, I think where you're at now, let's take three options. Build to sell, which is basically optimizing for like, oh, is there a sort of like a flip?

Is there a buyer on the other side of a business like this? Another one is build to win, which is basically like, for example, when I talk to these bankers, what I'm trying to figure out is which of these businesses is like not a special snowflake where it's like, oh, that's actually like a rinse and repeatable model. Like I didn't like that founder didn't like catch lightning in a bottle at the perfect time and it's their perfect background.

And they got really lucky about this one thing. It's like, oh, those I don't want to emulate. I want to emulate the one where it's like, I think somebody could start that same business today and do equally well or do just as well in this one adjacent space.

And you don't need to be a genius with that. And so that's the second part of it, which is like build to win. It's like optimizing for something that's going to work.

And then there's the last one, which is sort of like, you know, build for fun or build for mission, which is like go for something that like you something you would never want to sell that you're willing to do, even if it's low likelihood of success. I think we all know the answer is to do that bucket. Right.

Like I think the question is like, how many how much security do you need before you go do the thing you know you should do? Well, or it could be a combination of authoring. Like it could be like you enjoy winning or you enjoy this space and you want to make it successful.

But there's a great clip from you and what's what's what's all in David Friedberg. There's a great clip that I shared that you and him had where he basically said that founders always sell themselves short and they go for these small ideas because because they think it's more reasonable. But when doing that, they kind of screwed themselves because it's actually easier sometimes to do much grander, bigger ideas because that attracts the crazy types of people who you want to work with, you attract competitive because nobody else.

No, not every Joe is going to try to do it like, you know, going and trying to, you know, start a railroad business or whatever versus an FBA business. It's like, oh, they're both going to take all your time. So that's equal money.

Well, you're going to go have to go raise money from investors. One will let you just raise. You're still going to get the money you need from investors.

Just one, you maybe raise more at a higher valuation and the other one you'll raise less at a lower valuation. Right. Like, but did you agree?

Do you agree with him? I do agree with him. And I've thought this for a very long time.

I remember back in the day, did you ever hear about this thing called the unreasonable institute? I don't even think this is around anymore. That's a great name.

It's sort of like the same guys who did summit. It's not, it's not actually the same guys, but it's the same. It was like the same idea.

It was like the unreasonable institute was basically this, like it was based on this one word unreasonable and the way that the hustle is built on this one word hustle and a trans is built on one word trends. And so the unreasonable is, it was exactly that. It was like, it's going to take unreasonable people to do unreasonable things for the world to move forward.

And it was like very inspiring. And then they met with all a bunch of people, you know, a bunch of people who did that, the sort of Elon Musk types who went and did unreasonable things. And then you start to look at it and you're like, you know, all things equal, you know, I guess like your inputs are sort of the same.

It's just your time and energy. And then like the outputs can be very, very different because the inputs aren't the same because it is possible to build something pretty cool and not work that hard. But it's kind of impossible to build something huge and not work very hard.

All right. Who do we know? And let's do real examples.

I'm not saying it's not true, but who do we know that's building successful, awesome businesses without working too hard? Well, how about Suli? I actually don't know.

What's his schedule? Does he grind constantly? He works hard.

Yes, he works hard. So then no one, you don't, we don't know anyone, but you and me, like maybe. I'll give you one nuance on it.

He got there faster than the normal person. So it looked like it came easier, but that's just because he was better. It wasn't because he worked.

He wasn't putting in a tenth of the hours. He was putting in the same number of hours and getting there 10 times faster, which is I just think that like there's a world where you have business A and it doesn't grow nearly as fast and you're working 40 hours a week. And then you have business B that's growing significantly faster and you have to work 100 hours a week.

Like that, that is a reality. Yes, that's true. That's what I'm talking about.

I'm not talking about like very little. I'm talking about normal versus not normal. There's also things like this podcast or like people who have like newsletters or blogs or something like that, where it's like, or they teach a course and it's like, you know, like, like let's just take your buddy Neville.

Right. So Neville, I don't think you and me. Well, but because I'm doing multiple things, right?

So it's like on each one, I'm not putting in as much time, but like overall I'm working harder. And if I didn't do those other things, that one thing would just expand in time. I would just do more.

I would spend all my time on it. Wait, how often are you working now a day? Normal work hours?

Not normal hours, but I work like a, the equivalent of eight hours a day. Got it. Just not all to you, not, not all continuously.

All right. But back to what was the original point? Yeah.

So my, my, my point was like, uh, is it, is this really true that you can kind of like chill and win? And like, no, I didn't mean, I didn't mean to say chill, but I mean, chill less or sorry, chill more work less. Okay.

Wait, so then bro, if you agree with Friedberg, which I think I do, why are you not going after like one big grand thing? Like I started a newsletter. That's not exactly like, you know, that's not like world changing entirely.

It's neat. I would, I would put it on a six out of 10 in terms of like maybe a five in terms of like big ideas. Right.

Yeah. Yeah. I agree with you.

Yeah. I agree with you. The reason why is because to me, it's not a bigness contest.

It's a, do I have a clear picture of what I want to like my life to be? And then can I like, do I have a crystal clear picture? And then can I make that happen?

And it's like knowing what I want and then getting what I want. And so if what I wanted was not to work the hundred hours, right. Even though I, even though I agree, like that's cool, it's fun.

And if I did do it, um, I do think there's all these extra benefits. You would get amazing talent to come join you. You'd make a bunch of money.

You'd have a bunch of fun. Like there's, there's great benefits. If I did the big one, the big, big, big one.

But I decided that like what I wanted, you wanted. Yeah. Yeah.

What I wanted more was more like the 40 hour a week, but hours spent on doing these types of things. Like I love teaching. Teaching is not the most, it's not the most like world changing, unreasonable Institute style, you know, like let's go land a rocket on Mars type of idea, but I have the most fun doing it.

So I'm just optimizing for like a different thing rather than a bigness. I'm optimizing for like, you know, my own enjoyment. And so that's why I'm not going after that.

So I need things that are sufficiently interesting so that I'm interested and big enough. So I don't feel like I'm wasting my time, but like, it's not maximally big. I'm not going to be spending my time in my day putting it in my day.

I shorts. So I want to, you know, go, go. And do I really, you know, fill the quiz.

If I were to, everyone is looking at anything, go, go. Like the question itself, if we are really, for some kind of space that I'm going to do, well, like you don't have to find a bad idea. So I don't know.

I guess I don't реально. I do really tell you that I mean anybody's enough, like you do that. So I think that's actually great.

Maybe that it's how you can kick out the music that I'm going to ride for you.