I definitely wasn't like, hey, take my money. So you ended up being within reach of being able to invest in Uber. Right?

Because you knew Garrett. And then do you remember the first time you heard that he was doing this Uber thing? I mean, I don't remember exactly.

But I remember when I met him, Uber was a thing. It wasn't obviously what it is today. But I definitely wasn't like, hey, take my money.

I guess you live and you learn. You live and you learn. I have a friend who Garrett pitched him.

And he was in New York City. This is one of the smartest guys I know. And Garrett pitched him on the seed round of Uber.

And this is in Manhattan. He was just like, Garrett, I don't know what you're thinking about, man. People aren't going to press a button and a car is going to come.

You raise your hand. Look at me. He raises his hand.

Watch this. Watch this. Bam.

It's about creating 10x better product. This isn't 10x. Quote, unquote.

Yeah. That's true. In New York, it actually wasn't.

It wasn't. In a whole bunch of other places, it was. It's like people now with crypto.

They're like, oh, watch this. Credit card. Boom.

Paid for coffee. I'm done. Look at this bank.

Don't need to worry about my money. It's like, well, yeah, but that's not the experience for most people in most of the world. And so maybe this doesn't solve your problem, but it's going to solve somebody's.

Exactly. Are you a crypto guy? Am I a crypto guy?

I have some crypto. Not enough crypto, but I have some crypto. I dabble.

I mean, my whole thing is like everyone should have 2% to 5% of their net worth in crypto as a hedge. Right. I calculated the other day.

I think I'm at 9% because I was like, am I going a little too crazy with this? But then I was like, no, no, no. It's okay.

It's at 9%. That's in the acceptable range. I'm at 7.5%.

So it also grows, right? So as it grows, the thing is, are you going to sell off? No.

No. So yeah, not going to sell off. We'll see if this ages a lot of this podcast.

Yeah, exactly. The other thing is like pay to learn in a way, right? It's like, dude, okay, this is interesting.

I need to get in the game. I need to get a little bit of skin in the game just to like be, you know, if not like sort of driving things in that space, but at least I'm in the passenger seat or the backseat or the trunk. Like I'm involved in the journey of where that's going by putting a little bit of skin in the game.

I highly recommend that too, because that's been my approach with a lot of things now is just pay to learn. Right. Yeah.

I think like for me, like I learned best when I'm just like pushed into the ground, just like push me into the arena. And like, listen, like I've like, I've lost a lot of opportunity and I've learned a lot of things. And you just have to assume that you're in it for the long, long game and like life is long, hopefully, and that you have enough at, it's all about at bats, like getting at bat, trying different things, you know, build good relationships.

In the end, you'll be fine if you, if you learn and if you have a lot of at bats. We'll be fine. We'll be fine, guys.

We'll be fine. And we'll be fine. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Kindle. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye.