I can feel your energy back there. I'm just jumping. My god, what a beautiful, beautiful group.

And it hasn't been three years. It's been 12, but you know, those numbers don't matter. You know, it's one of those one-hit wonders that happens overnight that you've been working for about 12 years on.

So I just wanted to clarify that. So you guys, I'm going to do something that's really vulnerable. And I hope that you're willing to be with me here.

About two months ago, I downloaded this spoken word. Like I was sitting at the office and I went, shit is the through line of my life. Like I've been in shit.

You know, I sell something that covers up shit. And you know, so the shit thing and I, this spoken word came through and I would like to perform that for you guys today. Are you willing to hear?

Okay. Now here we go. People always ask me how to get rich.

Well, I want to tell you how, and believe you me, this shit is going to keep you on the edge of your seat because you can not make this shit up. I grew up in Arkansas, poorest shit with parents who did some good shit, some bad shit, some crazy shit, and some really weird shit. Dad left us in a pile of shit.

So mom completely lost her shit. And she married this asshole who molested me. And that was some really messed up shit.

So messed up that I actually started believing I was worthless as shit. And I actually let that man walk me down the aisle into deeper shit. Married, bankrupt, and divorced by 20 years old, I tried to kill myself just to get out of that shit.

But then I met a rich man who I thought was the shit. But he beat me and told me I was a piece of shit. And I believed him.

And still, we made two kids that shed a lot of light on all that dark shit. I mean, they were some holy shit. So holy, I had to get them out of that shit.

Because we all know you can't survive that shit. Homeless and scared shitless, I felt hopeless as shit. Then I met a drummer who had little money, but he offered a song away from that shit.

And we had a little girl. And she was truly the shit. And we grew a family that was funny, despite all the shit.

But I still thought money was a ticket out of that shit. So I pushed through, I sold out and I clawed for that shit. Only to find myself bankrupt again.

Yeah, broke as shit. Like I literally didn't have shit. So I screamed to God.

And I said, I'm done with all that shit. And there was nothing left to do but face my shit. Like I had to clean up that shit.

And I knew I had to change that shit. I had to flip that script, break out and finally own my shit. And I realized what I was taught about life was a big crock of shit.

That I was the one who attracted and created all that shit. And I discovered happiness comes from inside and not from outside shit. And finally, I was happy.

And no one could take away that shit. And that in itself was a miracle. Holy shit.

Now here's where the shit gets really good. See, I had an idea that was alive as shit. I didn't like the smell of shit.

So I had to solve that shit. Now everybody thought I was crazy as shit. Because I'd follow my family around the house asking when they were going to take a shit.

No joke. I'd say, please spray this before you shit. And guess what?

It turned out to be the shit. But I didn't have experience or even know jack shit. But I was creative as shit.

See, I'd followed a hunch that seemed crazy as shit. Then I got it. Energy is the real shit.

And following energy was the only shit I needed to know. And I did not have time for bullshit. So boy, did I practice that shit.

So much so that now, I am happier than shit. And alive as shit. And I've made a shitload of money while being turned on as shit.

All by following what's resonant as shit. And yet, sometimes I still get scared of shit. And I still lose my shit.

But that shit does not stop me. Because my gut knows more than all that other shit. And I can honestly stand here and tell you, yes, I am rich as shit.

But I mean rich in every way you can mean that shit. Surrounded by aliveness and being turned on as shit. And I know following what's alive is the only thing even worth the shit.

So do you really want to be rich as shit? I mean, do you really want to be rich as shit? Then get your shit together by dropping that shit that's dragging you down.

And stop worrying about outside shit. And trust that only you know your shit. Trust that only you know your shit.

And dive into the shit that turns you on. I mean, focus on shit that lights you up. And when that shit is resonant, for God's sakes, go for that shit.

And do not hold your shit back. Because you are worthy as shit. And you are powerful as shit.

And you can change this shit. Because you are the shit. Did you hear me?

You are the shit. And there is shit alive inside of you that holds the key to all that shit you desire. And if you just tune in and follow that shit that turns you on, then you're going to be rich too.

No shit. No shit. No shit.

No shit. There is my story in a nutshell. so you guys know me as the CEO of Poopery right and I've been in deep shit I've been in good shit I've experienced the whole gamut of shit and what you don't know is that I after my second bankruptcy when I was 38 years old I was done when I said I screamed to God and said I'm done with that shit like I literally was done I was like I never want to go back into business I do not want to be a part of that world because it's painful this is my second damn bankruptcy I keep falling on my face I don't want any part of that so I went on a spiritual sabbatical and I found peace within myself I had no desire for business and I'll never forget the day I was at dinner party and my brother-in-law said can bathroom odor be trapped and I felt this like zing up my arm and like everything went to high def and I'm like yeah it can be and I can do that with oils and of course he said really you think so I was like yeah I know so so I started moving towards this idea to today you see Poo-Pourri we sold 40 million bottles or even more we're a household name it's a breakthrough category creator but I never intended any of that all I was doing was following an alive idea so we're trucking along and I'm having a good time because remember I told you when I was back there I said I am not going back there I had the luxury of losing everything and I say luxury because we rarely have that time when we have a clean slate like I was wiped out wiped clean so I was able to rebuild on something different so when I came back into business I said I'm going to do fun shit because what I know is you don't know when you're going to lose all the shit and what's worse than losing everything is losing everything and realizing that you didn't even have a good time now I'm not joking like that's what really sucks okay so I was like I'm not doing it like literally if it doesn't feel good I'm not doing it and it wasn't any strategy it was literally like I am not going to go back there I'm not going to sell out I'm not going to push through and I'm not going to claw through that shit anymore like I'm done so I did it different there was sort of like this intuition that came in it's just I'm just not going back there so I don't care so I had this luxury and one day my friend calls me and he wanted to do a video of me he said what do you want to talk about I said I don't want to talk about success like it's boring here I am talking to you guys about it he goes yeah I'm either he goes how do you know which idea to follow and I'm trying to tell him in my body I'm like well you kind of like you're pulled towards and you know and you feel excited but you don't and he goes I don't know what you're talking about and I was like yeah me either so I started using my company as a petri dish I started going in and kind of really when we started making business decisions I was like how did we know to go make this viral video how did we know how to do that so I sort of was observing as we were operating and what I realized is that it seemed that the ideas we followed we were all excited about and passionate about seemed to work out they had some sort of weird resiliency and I was like why is that and whenever we try to do something because that's what you do when you're in this category or that's what you do in business you know what everybody says you're supposed to do like it rarely worked out for us so I wondered if we were an anomaly and then I had a theory are ideas alive a question so I called Dr.

Bruce Lipton he's a cellular biologist and I said are ideas alive and he said why do you ask I said because it seems like some ideas that I have are actually they they work out more and I said I have a theory that those 75 percent or whatever that number is now businesses that fail it's because that was a good plan it wasn't an alive passionate idea inside of them I said also I think viruses are considered living I've since found out they're not I go but how can that travel from person to person but an idea or a meme or a thought that travels isn't considered living where does life begin and where does it end and he said these are really great questions and he said there may be something to teach you here in physics first of all he said everything is a living vibration everything is an energetic vibration and every living thing is seeking more life force energy like who knew that then he taught me about resonance and dissonance so we're going to go into a physics class I know y'all thought I was going to tell shit jokes all day but we're not we're going to talk about physics real quick as soon as they change the slide yeah so he taught me about dissonance and he said dissonance is when you take two energy waves that are traveling at different speeds and different wavelengths those two together create less energy than they do apart now did you hear that do you have energy you're going along you hook up with someone that's like this you literally have less energy than when you started that's got dissonance then he taught me about resonance he said resonance is when you take two energy waves and they're traveling at the same speed and the same wavelength you put those two together and they actually have more energy together than they do apart I know like what like do you hear that they literally have more energy together than they do apart somehow they're amplified so I started thinking back to my life prior you know the bankruptcy when I was 38 and I started realizing about dissonance oh it went away and I started noticing whenever I would make decisions they were literally from my head up there was no alive feeling in my body it's literally like what you say I need to do this I need a mentor I need to go around and what what do I have to do I have to do this okay great great great everything was outside myself and it was extremely cerebral what happened is I was victim right I blamed everybody life was against me it ended up in bankruptcy it was heavy tense and I was always protecting like I was just worried every single second and I realized that that's what happens when I'm making decisions not from my full body and not worried about what becomes alive if everything is so strategic I end up like this and I'll tell you in our business we practice this so much that whenever we're in distance we call it struggle or wonky world like we notice it and we'll kind of do like a zen painting and scratch it and I'll tell you one example we were going into the UAE and my attorney calls me and says we're going to have to give the formula up to the government of Saudi Arabia and I'm like why and he said it's just legal we have to don't worry I'm going to find you an attorney and we found a female attorney which I was super excited right I'm like you go girl so we find a female attorney we have the call law set up I'm going to have to give away my formula which my formula is my trade secret kind of like Kentucky Fried Chicken I'm in my car I'm driving to work my assistant 10 minutes after the call was supposed to take place the call's not happening and she calls me panicked she goes I don't know what happened I mean I literally called the hotel before the call I got through I've tried every number I've tried three phones and I go just calm down settle down she goes the call will not go through I go something's not right just stop I said call the attorney and tell him to find us another attorney she's like what and I said yeah something's not right here something is dissonant like I can feel it something's not right so my attorney knows me he goes finds another attorney two months later he comes in he's like Susie you're not going to believe this he said you know he said we got the new attorney and we don't have to give up the formula had we given up the formula it would have been public knowledge but what I did is I realized that there was struggle in this phone call and whenever there's struggle I stop and go hold on something's not quite right this is how intuitive I'm talking and then the opposite of that is resonance resonance is constructive interference and what I realize is when we are going about ideas that feel resonant like things just feel alive like remember there's two energy waves we're sitting here and all of a sudden we get an idea and it's like oh my god you can feel the energy in the room raise have y'all felt that before you know and everybody's like buzzing and we're on fire and we're like oh everybody's working and you're working night and day and night and day and it doesn't matter because you're pulled towards that what I call an alive idea you felt it have you felt it yeah see there's something to that this is the physics so what happens is before the alive idea you're just trucking along that alive idea comes and wow like I am amplified it's the same thing with people within groups if you're in struggle within a group watch that get the group together that is amplified together because they're creating a field of resonance what I've discovered is whenever I'm in a resonance situation and doing something that turns me on like life is for me like it feels like I've got a skip in my step everything just sort of works out the first example I have of that is girls do poop the company was about eight years old competition was coming in and I felt something inside of me and I'm like we got to get the show on the road like what are we doing we've been sitting around in boutiques like we got a truck and I find these guys we go camp out for two weeks and in two weeks we wrote a script built the website cast cast for the video and we filmed a four-day video in four different locations and that became the viral hit girls do poop the reason that's so exciting is because we did all of that work that you think is pretty impossible in a two-week period we did it because of resonance another situation is we had a video a music video I don't know if you've seen it it's called imagine where you can go and this was a music video but have you seen it what she just get the joke it's funny as shit it's funny as shit yeah well that's what happened so I take my team I always take them offside so I took them off team we're in Hawaii we're there for about a week we're riding and riding and riding we don't come up with a song I tell my team I want to make a music video nobody's made a consumer goods product with a music video they're like you're crazy I'm like it's fun hell virgin did it with their you know thing like we can do it for a poop spray so we go to Hawaii we camp out my team comes home a week later and they're like this I'm like what's going on they said we don't have a song I go we have 10 pages of rhymes what's a song it's a rhyme right like don't worry dude we got it so I was filming in LA and I'm on site at NBC studios and I'm sitting with the producer because it's an all-day thing and I said you know I need a songwriter one that should be signed that's not because you start dealing with all that it's you know it's dissonant and he goes you know what I'm a producer of the voice I know the perfect guy his name is Jeff Lewis I said Jeff Lewis this is awesome he goes yep two hours later we're in the elevator NBC studios the producer's like Susie I went and he goes Jeff Lewis like what what are you talking about right there's Jeff Lewis so I meet Jeff Lewis we end up we make the video it's another viral hit it's amazing but what happened is it was fun you know I'm saying there wasn't all this strategy like we have to do this and we have to pull these numbers and we have to do this we're literally working through synchronicity and magic it's an experiment it's vibrant it's a startup energy all the time it's endless upload creativity's just going we get Cameron Duddy they just done uptown funk you know what is it four billion views he did it for like a fourth of his price he's probably gonna kill me right now but anyway he was like this is a dream job everything just sort of worked out so what I discovered I started going okay resonance and dissonance resonance and dissonance and I was like how do you know whether you're in resonance and I figured out there's four signs for me and I want you to try these on for yourself that tell me if I'm in a resonance situation and the first one is I'm turned on and lit up remember how I said that energy increases like that's when you see yourself researching every night you become with poopery I was obsessed no one I didn't want a business I never ever ever thought about it being a business everybody thought I was crazy but I was obsessed about whether I could do this thing or not once I figured it out then I knew it had to come into the world but I wasn't thinking of that I was literally like oh my god I can make this happen I can make this happen that's where you get on these rolls where you're just into the work and nobody and you are lit up you don't need caffeine you don't need coffee you don't need sleep you are just rolling and going the second one is body sensations what I've noticed have you been around people and they go oh my god I've got chill bumps right you tell an idea of something they're like oh my god I've got chills like yeah that body sensation mine comes zing up my arm I don't know where yours go sometimes they're at the front of my legs so sometimes I'll be sitting there we'll be in a meeting and when I mean meetings I'm gauging the room like a shaman from energy levels going yeah I don't feel it I don't feel it I don't feel it and the idea pop up on me oh okay hold on let's lean into that like I felt something right here I felt something in my arm and legs there's also a pulling towards everybody can jump on to that the third one are signs of synchronicity right so people used to call this Susie's world of course that happens in Susie's world of course it is I know it happens in your world too so what happens is when you're in resonance things just kind of work out it's I don't know you guys are probably all too young but do you remember Mr. Magoo how many people remember Mr. Magoo cartoon yeah we have like 10 okay good well Mr.

Magoo he was so amazing because he would be driving down a highway he had these big glasses where he couldn't see he'd be driving on a highway he couldn't see anything and you're thinking he's going to go off the bridge and then a boat would come underneath him right and he would land right on it so that was the whole Mr. Magoo cartoon so what happens is you need a writer you need a song producer and all of a sudden he's in the elevator or he's sitting on the plane next to you or like oh my god my cousin did that or you know that that happens there's no exhaustive searching like it's just it's like it'll literally come to you if you say open and look and the fourth thing is that idea keeps knocking on your door it does not leave you alone how many times have you heard somebody say oh my god I've had this idea for six years I haven't ever done it or 10 years or somebody will finally come out with it and they're like oh my god you know I thought of this idea 12 years ago and it hasn't left me alone that's another sign of resonance that idea and you are a perfect match so it's going to stick with you now here's what's cool about all this do you remember when I told you about resonance and that the energy wave has to match it has to have the same wavelength and the same speed but when it matches it creates more energy together than it did apart okay hold on for a second I want to explain to you what that means my interpretation is that means if you were not able to pull that idea off then it would have never in the first place been a resonant match do you I mean like I feel chill bumps with that like I like I feel it that's the truth because it would not be attracted to you so all those ideas you have and you dream up and people tell you all this stuff you know don't worry about it because literally if that idea came to you you have everything within your power to bring that into the world because that idea is resonant with you here's another thing that I think is freaking cool do you remember how I said the two wavelengths you've got one separate then you've got the other one so it's like two people what we forget about is we're bringing 50 percent of the energy to the party guess what that idea is bringing the other 50 percent of the energy so it's not all up to you do you guys get that yeah so we always think I have to do it I have to pull it off I have to make this happen right what you don't understand is that idea if you allow it is also bringing its own energy to the party if you just be open and follow the signs and follow the resonance this is where trust your gut comes in we don't hear a lot about intuition we're starting to hear a little more about intuition business some people call this intuition I explain it as physics or that I saw it in physics because I think that helps our Western mind because we're so in our head but really you are born with an internal GPS system that we abandon when we're young we're taught don't listen to that oh you're silly you're crazy you're crazy my toss to you is that you start doing anything to clear away whatever is keeping that from being alive in you because that right there is your power source that is 100 that is going to guide you better than any fucking mentor in the world now that's the truth the mentor can give you advice and when they give you advice you you get into your body and either it feels good or it doesn't and if it doesn't feel good you turn around and run you go thank you so much I'm gonna go over here because you can trust yourself so I'm gonna ask you one more time do you really want to be rich as shit do you I didn't believe you do you really really want to be rich as shit yeah who's this guy bring him to your party then get your shit together by dropping the shit that's dragging you down stop worrying about outside shit and trust that only you know your shit and dive into the shit that turns you on and focus on shit that lights you up focus on shit that lights you up and when that shit is resonant for god's sakes go for that shit and do not hold back because you are worthy of shit you are powerful as shit and you you alone can change this shit because you are the shit because you are the shit you are the shit and there is shit alive inside of you that's the key to all of that shit that you desire and if you just tune in and turn on and move towards that alive shit then you're gonna be rich too no shit thank you I think they said we got a couple questions or something was there a situation in which the resonance didn't quite work for you why do we have to spray before okay that's an easy one you don't have to but it actually works best before because it's actually trapping the odor on the surface of the water okay so you're actually handling the situation before it begins but it'll still work after it's not as effective you're as fun as shit oh thank you how do you find best pick your team to increase residence with certain idea and project what I do is what I told you I literally sit around in meetings and I am very vocal I say you know I'm not feeling the energy here I'm not feeling this in the room right now and then we just keep tossing out more ideas and in our environment you don't have to have the great idea we are literally playing but once we get something it's like literally hooking onto a jet pack where we start riding when it is I go oh my god I feel it like I feel chills everybody's like I feel chills we feel excited and that's when we start riding that idea and going deeper before that we're just playing and we're just tossing if there are a lot of shits light you up how do you choose which one is the best shit I like that I would you can have a lot of shits you know you can be working on you know my mentor says you can work on five major things at one time and I literally would bounce back and forth to which one is turning you on in the moment right like oh my god I got this idea for this one and you work on that project and oh my god I have this idea for this one you don't have to do it in such a linear fashion that's the way artists do if you look at painters they're painting several paintings you know all over the place they're not necessarily sitting down working on one so I would continue doing okay I don't know how many okay we're done okay did you bootstrapped oh I bootstrapped I've never had a loan never had an investor completely self-funded spray before you spray oh that's a good one okay anyway I think we're done thank you so much I appreciate it thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you appreciate it thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you okay thank you thank you thank you