I did some research. How much do you think if you're Obama and Oprah, I would put them in similar categories. Maybe Obama a little bit above in terms of influence, but not like terribly above.

How much do you think? And I didn't ask them. I just researched it and I like try to find contracts.

How much do you think Obama charges? I would guess something between I would have guessed 250 to 350 K. That's my guess for like a speaking engagement.

But honestly, it could be more. It could be like double that. Dude, so I think it's I heard rumors.

It's in like the one to 1.2 million range. And that makes way sense. Obama is not going to get out of bed for less than a million.

And I hear Oprah is around the one million dollar small boy stuff for Obama to. No, definitely not. And so here's why.

So I've heard like rumors and I talked to people that have had them before. And that's kind of how it came with that number. But let me give you some insider numbers.

So I only had one paid speaker ever at HustleCon. So at HustleCon, collectively, we probably had 200 or 300 speakers over a couple years, handful of years. Casey Neistat was the only speaker that we had who we paid.

And I was supposed to... You're not supposed to talk about how much you pay him. But this was like years ago.

So I can do it. This was, I think, at the height of his popularity. I only paid him $25,000 plus a private flight from LA to San Francisco for $6,000 or from San Francisco to LA.

I forget. But one way, it was only six grand plus $25,000. That's nothing, right?

$25,000? Yeah, that's kind of cheap compared to what... Because he was at the peak of his powers at that time, too, right?

It's not like... Yeah, yeah, for sure. He was like walking.

Not like some C-list person who used to be famous. It's like, no, he was a big deal then. He's a big deal now, too.

So I tried to get Gary Vaynerchuk to come speak at an event once. And he offered... His asking price was $100,000.

Or I think he said that you would have to buy $100,000 worth of books. And that somehow pushes him up the charts or something like that. And so Gary Vaynerchuk was $100,000.

And I got speak... I spoke somewhat recently. And I asked...

I got paid $20,000 to $25,000. Or maybe it was $20,000 plus flights. And then I think that we had...

Ashton Kutcher spoke at an event that I was at. And the organizers kind of implied they paid them around $150,000. Wow.

So just some insider stories. This has always been the playbook. I met a guy once who was writing a book.

And I was like, nice. What's your goals for the book? And he was kind of answering me.

But I got the sense... I feel like... You ever hear a story and you're like...

I feel like you're leaving out the one important detail that makes all of this make sense. Like you're not saying the wrong thing. But I feel like you're just not saying whatever the right thing is.

And sure enough, like 20 minutes in, he's like... Yeah, basically you write books so that you can get paid speaking gigs. Like it doesn't matter who reads your book or how...

You just need to be a guy who writes a book. And then you like do a thing. You like pay a certain amount to get like up in the charts.

So you could say New York Times bestseller or like, you know, Amazon bestseller. And then that just increases your paid speaking rate by like 15K. And then that's like, you know, how you make your money back for this whole like book process.

And I was like, oh, okay. That makes way more sense. Like now I understand.

And I was like, so this paid speaking gig, like how does this work? And he kind of broke it down for me kind of step by step. And I remember being intrigued, but also, you know, the cost of like...

You know, basically the idea of like, oh yeah, what do you do is you fly around. Like you basically have to go... You're never home.

You're flying around all the time. So he was at that point trying to figure out, all right, the next step after this, you know, and I sort of started thinking about, okay, what is the move straight to the end version of this? And I was like, oh, okay.

I think I know what I would do is like, I would do this is how I like, I was thinking about the podcast at this time. Like I was thinking about creating one. I was like, I think I would do a podcast that I could just record right here whenever I want, maybe in batches.

And as long as the conversation's fun, I don't think I would care about making any money off that. And I feel like if I could do that and I could get like, you know, what if like a million people were fans of the podcast? I feel like that would just jump me where all these guys are trying to go, where they're like, ultimately, I think what a lot of people want is like, they have a topic that they're really curious about, that they like to research, they like to do experiments in.

And they're just trying to figure out a way to get paid to be professionally curious about that thing. I think that's like the generous version of like how to think about this. There's like the skeptical version of which is just like, oh, dude, you're just like some motivational speaker, like sort of scammy guru guy who wants to go around and blah, blah, blah.

But I think the earnest people, I think they just want to be professionally curious. It's like, how do I get to spend 90% of my time just like digging in on this topic? I'm a nerd about.

And then like somehow translate the other 10% of my time into enough money to fund me to do that in a cool way. And so I think that that's how I think about this stuff. What I've been doing for speaking is I actually haven't asked to be paid lately, but I do tell them I need two first class flights and I want you to pay entirely for the hotel for a week.

And I will only say yes if it's so my wife and I basically it's so we can go to a cool place. So I only say yes, but let me tell you something interesting. So Robert De Niro, he so the Wall Street Journal did this thing where our friend Ramit shared it.

So listen to Robert. So here's what Robert De Niro got paid. So he did a movie called Savage Salvation in September 2020.

He got paid $11 million. So he was going to be there for eight days. He asked for a round trip private air transportation on a Gulfstream five.

Is that a six? I don't know how Roman numerals work, but a Gulfstream jet. But he got to keep all of the costumes, wigs and prosthetics, all the stuff that he wore on the plane or all the stuff he wore in the movie.

He got to keep all of it. He wanted an additional fee for his personal trainer. He had to come and be flown there and he had to be put up at the Ritz Carlton.

In addition to the 10 days that he had or the eight days had to be there for production, he wanted a seven day all expenses paid vacation to the Ritz Carlton, followed by a vacation in Puerto Rico where you also had to pay for his jet and it had to take his whole family to and from. And then finally, he wanted one round trip jet, one round trip private flight jet between New York and L-A-Day in L.A. for a five day stay anytime within 12 months.

Those are all of his ass in his contract for all for eight days over. That's not bad.