Tanya Cushman Reviewer Hi, everybody. Oh, my God, the pressure. Share your intentions.

Go ahead, share on, share on. I'm Tanya Holland. I'm the chef owner of Brown Sugar Kitchen.

Thank you. Thank you. Restaurant in Oakland, California.

And I'm going to let you in on a secret. I am a huge procrastinator. And what I love about the restaurant business is that I can't procrastinate because I can't be like, oh, you know, I think I'll put that chick in the fridge in a couple hours.

You know, I'm going to go to that guy's table in, you know, a few minutes. So the restaurant business forces me to, like, just do stuff. So, you know, I was asked to speak to you guys months ago, but when do you think I started working on my speech?

And I know that some of you know me and my story as a chef and an entrepreneur. And, you know, I've been speaking a lot out loudly lately about, you know, being a black woman in this business, being a woman in this business, entrepreneur. I don't want to talk about that anymore.

I'm actually really tired of talking about it. I mean, it's very important, and it's something I want to continue to do. But I want to do something different with you guys tonight.

I want to talk to you about dancing and how much I love to dance and how important it is to me and how I think everybody should learn to dance. And it's such an important life skill because, I mean, I do it every day in my work. When I cook, I dance.

The soundtrack at Brownshire Kitchen is so important to me. I'm always listening for music levels. There's a lot of songs that, you know, are my particular favorites, but also reminiscent of the cuisine, soul food, soul music.

But there's also some of my 80s stuff in the mix, if you listen closely. And, you know, cooking and working in environments, it's all about dancing, you know, pivoting, pausing, marking your next move, and just having a rhythm and a balance and being aware of your surroundings. I talk about this to my staff all the time.

They don't seem to quite get it, but I think it's just, you know, too many of those, like, rage parties, you know, it's like, it's different. I didn't grow up, like, I danced differently. Anyways.

So I also, like, you know, I feel more comfortable improvising than, you know, talking off script. I have my cards over there, like a little security blanket, just in case I need them. But I want to tell you guys that I really, I wanted to be a dancer.

I asked my dad when I was a young girl if I could be a dancer. He's like, oh, no, I'll never put a dancer through school. I was like, ouch, really?

Okay. And, you know, this whole conversation is about kind of holding your vision. I mean, this is, you know, I consider myself a visionary, and I've had this vision for my life for a long time.

But you just, you never know where life is going to take you, so you need to know how to pivot, how to dance. And later on, you know, I started going along, and I asked him if I could be president. And I did mean, you know, president of the United States.

And he's like, well, you could be, which was amazing. You know, in the 70s, he said, yeah, I could be, too. It was a little black girl.

He goes, well, I wouldn't recommend it. He said, it costs a lot of money, and there's a lot of people blowing smoke up your butt. Like, verbatim, he said that.

And I was like, ugh, okay. So, I don't know. Somehow, I found out what an architect was, and I said, oh, can I be an architect?

That sounds exciting. He's like, nah. He goes, you won't make any money.

Be an engineer. So, I applied to engineering schools. I, you know, good daughter, and I went to school for engineering, and I graduated with a degree in Russian language and literature.

Right? And that's a longer story. We don't have enough time for that.

But little did they know, you know, I was dancing all the time. So, I graduate with this degree, and then this ability to dance. What am I going to do?

I'm going to work in the restaurant business. That's the only place you can go. So, I used to, you know, call it the land of misfit toys, because it is, it's sort of like that place.

It more so was when I was coming up, of where people ended up where they didn't know what they wanted to do or be in life. Now, people intentionally go into the business, because it's all romanticized with the TV and celebrity chefs. I'm like, I'm a celebrity chef, even though earlier today I was, like, unplugging the toilet and mopping up pig's blood.

But, you know, celebrity. So, I started working in restaurants, and I just fell in love with them. And I became a Francophile when I started studying French in ninth grade, and my birthday is Bastille Day.

So, I'm like, I'm going to France for cooking school. So, I go there, and I'm in the Chateau in the Burgundy, and it's wonderful, it's great. And then the school was split up in two semesters.

So, I went to Paris, and my French wasn't good enough to work in a French restaurant on the front of the house. So, I worked at the Chicago Pizza Pie Factory. And in a black A-frame dress with a name tag.

And guess what? I had to dance. I was, part of my job description was to dance to Grease Lightning twice a night.

That's right. And it was all choreographed by the manager, whatever. I'm not going to do it right now.

But, you know, I realized, but I got some of the best tips because I know how to dance. And, you know, it's just not being rigid. It's about not being rigid in your steps and, you know, your vision and your work and what you want out of life and just kind of going with it.

And, you know, that sort of give and take of just the steps. So, you know, I finished up my time there, and I ended up in New York working and cooking, dancing on bars, you know, always going to dance bars, just dancing, dancing, dancing. And then I ended up in Oakland, and I fell in love with it.

I was going to open up a French Creole bistro. That was what I wanted. I love the intersection of African and French cooking.

And I just thought, like, this community would embrace that. And I did not get the real estate that I was looking for. I didn't get the opportunity, so I had to pivot.

I had to, you know, be really flexible and, you know, pause for a minute and figure out what am I going to do. And I found this space in West Oakland, and I thought, okay, well, I guess I got to, you know, change up the concept, make it really accessible to this community. And Brown Shore Kitchen was born, a happy accident.

And, yeah, thank you, thank you. Oh, by the way, just celebrated 10 years in business. And, yeah.

And, yeah, I'm convinced that it's because, you know, I have had this ability to just go, you know, kind of in and out of situations. And, you know, dancing requires you to also be comfortable in your own skin. Because you, or you can dance like nobody's watching.

It's like a statement that people say. You really have to feel comfortable. And I was going to do some dance moves for you guys, but I don't know.

We'll see if you're lucky. You know, I grew up, the arc was like, you know, R&B. My first concert was the Jacksons.

Then I saw the Off The Wall. I'm really old. By the way, I'm 52.

I'll be 53 this year. So I might make some 80s pop culture references that you don't understand, but it's okay. And, you know, one of the reasons why I wanted to be a dancer is because I was obsessed with fame growing up, which is like, you know, now it's called glee, but it was fame.

And I love this diverse population. There was a very diverse student body. And Oakland's very diverse.

And it's just what I've been striving for my whole life. And I've been able to create that in my restaurant. But, you know, it was like after the Jacksons, and I was an Off The Wall tour, and it was like, I want to rock with you all night.

So you guys missed out on, like, being the original. I know you guys listen to it now, but, like, when it first came out, it was great, you know? And I still play that at the restaurant.

And then, you know, I get to the restaurant, and I've opened my doors, and I'm looking around. I've created this very diverse environment. I did not aspire to open a breakfast and lunch place.

I mean, I don't like getting up at 5 in the morning, but I'm there. But it was all that was available to me at the time. And, you know, I went in there, and I improvised, and I, you know, just kind of created something that I thought, you know, maybe could be sustainable for a while.

And it has. It's lasted. And I realized one day, you know, I'm walking around the space, and I'm like, I'm president of my company.

And I'm the architect of my environment. And I listen to the music I want to, so I dance all day long. So, thank you.

I just want to encourage you guys to dance. And, you know, again, it's about being aware of your surroundings, pausing. Don't go rushing, trying to barrel through, and, like, I know where I want to get to.

Because you don't know what life is going to serve you. And pivoting when you can. And being, most of all, being graceful and gracious.

And, you know, as you go through this world. Because, you know, we're living even closer together these days. And we've got to just be more, you know, graceful with each other and gracious and polite.

And that's it. Thank you.