Kelly, what's the problem with Ozempic? Drugs like Ozempic and Ozempic. Drug Ozempic.

The topic Ozempic. What exactly is Ozempic? Ozempic actually represents, to me, the biggest issue in the country, which is that we're basically being poisoned and then drugged for profit.

Can you explain how Ozempic actually works? Essentially, it is liquefied anorexia. And the problem with recommending it for a long term is that...

Do doctors even have to go to a nutrition class? First day of Stanford med school, my sister brought up that somebody with migraines might need to have a dietary intervention. Her attending surgeon said, stop being a pussy.

We didn't go to nutrition school. Is this going to be the most lucrative drug ever made? It's the 12th most valuable company in the world.

This Danish company, they are the largest funder of politicians, five times more than the oil industry. They're 50% of TV news spending. So they're not only able to influence us, they're actually able to buy the news itself.

When I hear Stanford med school professor or the dean of Harvard med school, are those people that you trust? Absolutely not. The problem is that we're listening to the experts.

Remember the food pyramid? Let's eat our cereals. It's the base.

It's the foundation of your food. At my house, I think go-gurt was like the biggest part of the pyramid. If you don't eat your go-gurt, you're not going to get to go play.

The food pyramid was propped by the Sugar Research Council, still owned by a cigarette company. We don't even realize this craft is still owned by Philip Morris. We are poisoning our population.

I just want to do like the 80-20, so I feel good and my family is safe and feels good. It's like, what can I do? The biggest lie in healthcare is that the reasons we're getting sick are complicated.

And the second biggest lie is that these things can't be changed quickly. They can. All right, let's rock.

Kelly, what's the problem with Ozempic? Starting out firing. I like it.

I came on to talk to Sam about this. I've got some bones to pick with some of his takes here. There's really...

I think there's a huge problem with Ozempic, which is that there's a shortage and they're not making enough of it. All right, well, I'm glad we're getting right out of the gates here, guys. So here's the fundamental point.

I'm not concerned with the 350-pound, obese, diabetic person. That's between them and their doctor. Ozempic actually represents, to me, the biggest issue in the country, which is that we're basically being poisoned and then drugged for profit.

The largest and fastest-growing industry in the country. And again, largest and fastest-growing is the healthcare industry. And 95% of those dollars are around drugging and managing disease of people that are already sick.

So we've had this explosion of chronic disease kind of siloed treatments. And every single one of them relates to more of the disease. So Stansmore heart disease, metformin, which 30% of people over 40 are on.

I mean, it's one of the most widely prescribed drugs, right? Diabetes goes up. SSRIs, now 25% of women are in SSRIs.

Depression and suicide is skyrocketing as more SSRIs are prescribed. Literally every single drug, you go on the list of every chronic condition, the more it's prescribed, the more it goes up. So the biggest of them all, obesity.

And you can't even wrap your head around this. It's a unique problem in America, but 50% of teens overweight or obese. I mean, that's a moral stain on our country.

The childhood obesity rate in Japan is 3%. So we have something unique going on where 50% of teens are overweight or obese, and then 80% of American adults are overweight or obese. What's the definition of obese?

Is there like a celebrity that you can name that like is like, that's like, that's like the threshold? Do I need to stand up and take my shirt off? And then we just, we'd like to establish some sort of benchmark here.

Like is Andy Dwyer in Parks and Rec. Is that considered obese? Sometimes it's actually based on a lot of your, this is what my sister and I talk a lot about.

It's based on your personalized biomarkers. I mean, oftentimes you can be obese and not particularly look that fat. A lot of us have brewing metabolic dysfunction, 94% of us.

And the actual definition of obesity isn't even entirely tied to how we look. The general definition of, which goes into metabolic dysfunction of something you should be worried about is 35 inch waist for women and 40 inch waist for men though. All right.

So on Ozipic, fundamentally we've got this dirty fish tank. We've got 80% of American adults, right? We look at those pictures for the 1960s and look at the pictures today, go to a public space.

There's clearly something happening and it's uniquely happening in America. So my bone to pick with Ozipic is in the midst of this catastrophe, right? And then it's missed clearly something happening with our food.

And I think it really relates to the fact that 70% of our diet is ultra processed food in Europe and Japan and other countries. That's not the case. We're clearly doing something.

And then this system is telling us that the answer to that, instead of fixing the root cause, is a weekly jab for life. And the instructions for Ozipic is a lifetime drug. And the most alarming part about it is the American Academy of Pediatrics recently said, this is a fully funded subsidiary of pharma.

They said that a 12 year old, if your 12 year old is not only obese, but a little bit overweight, that Ozipic should be the first line defense. So this is just a representation of, I think, the biggest issue in the country, which is that we have this explosion of chronic conditions, all basically tied to the same thing, which is simple diet of lifestyle things. And we keep lunging for an injection, keep lunging for a pill.

And my point, just societally, I actually think it's a big economic opportunity. It's like, we are on an unsustainable trajectory. Like, it's going to be 40% of GDP healthcare costs in the next 20 years.

We're becoming truly like a fat and fertile, sick, depressed population. We're destroying our human capital. So if we're not going to take the obesity crisis, the fact that you go into a classroom, I've got a almost three-year-old, you go into a daycare and most kids are clearly having big issues.

If we're not going to take this moment with obesity and actually ask what's the root cause, that's a huge problem. And I think the economic opportunity, and I think one thing investors and entrepreneurs don't quite see is that if this is an unsustainable situation, we're going to have to shift more of that $4.5 trillion to, we can fix our food system. We can incentivize, pay lower income people to exercise.

We can actually do things that incentivize the right things. I don't think the American people are trying to be fat. They're not trying to be depressed.

They're not trying to be unhealthy. We actually incentivize them to be and can change those incentives instead of jabbing them with those SEPICs. So that's why I think this debate.

Have you tried it? No, I have not tried it. So let's unpack that.

So you basically gave us a gift basket of hot takes there. And I just want to open up the ribbon and say, oh, chocolate-covered pretzels. Wonderful.

Okay, so let's unpack those one by one. You said something just now. You said the fish tank.

My understanding is you have this analogy where you have a fish tank and the fish are getting sick. But you can see that the water is dirty. The fish tank is not clean.

And I think your point is we should clean the tank, not drug the fish. Is that the core analogy that you like to use with this? Yeah, I mean, let's just go over the stats of that tank, right?

And I go to kids because I'm a personal responsibility guy. I'm really resonant with those arguments that it's people's choice. But it's not personal responsibility for kids.

Something's happening. And 33% of young adults have prediabetes right now. 20% of young adults have fatty liver disease, right?

40% of high schoolers qualify as having a mental health disorder. Is that new? Like a doctor- 40 years ago, would kids have prediabetes and fatty liver?

A doctor would not see one case of a child having diabetes 40 years ago. It is order of magnitude increase. This is an absolute unprecedented step function increase in metabolic health disorders among children.

A hundred years ago, my sister received that. It's a hundred years ago. If you were obese, if you were visibly very fat, you were in the circus.

It's literally in a textbook. It was so rare for an American. Dude, they're not that big either.

Yeah. Like the fat man in the freak shows. They're not that fat compared to what you see on a regular basis.

Right. So literally, it was so rare for an adult to be obese a hundred years ago. They literally, their job then was to be in a circus.

The explosion, Dr. Robert Lustig, who's one of my heroes who led hormone issues and diabetes research at UCSF. He said early in his career, you know, 30, 40 years ago, didn't see one child, one child walk in with diabetes.

Again, right now, it's 33% of young adults have prediabetes. So we've done something to ourselves, right? And what's happened there is my sister graduating from Stanford Med School, you choose between 42 specialties, like every doctor.

She did head and neck, and then you do a fellowship, focus even more in that space. You know, there's cardiology, neurology. We segmented the body.

That's very profitable because a kid, right? A kid with prediabetes, when we segment it, when we say, oh, that's a metformin, right? Then they inevitably have high cholesterol.

It's a separate doctor, the cardiologist, that's a statin. They inevitably have some mental health issues, SSRI. They have high blood pressure, ACE inhibitor.

They have fertility issues, inevitably, shove them into IVF and invasive procedures, infertility skyrocketing, which is highly related to this. So they go on this treadmill and they've been lied to that everything's segmented. The biggest mistake we've made since World War II is that we've segmented these chronic lifestyle conditions when they're really the same thing.

All right, look, the question that Sean and I get asked constantly is what skillset did we develop early on in our careers that kind of changed our business career? And that's an easy answer. It's copywriting.

We've talked about copywriting and how it's changed our lives constantly on this podcast. And we give a ton of tips, a ton of techniques, a ton of frameworks throughout all the podcasts. Well, we decided to aggregate all of that into one simple document so you can read all of it.

You can see how we've learned copywriting, but you can see the resources that we turn to on a daily basis. You can see the frameworks, the techniques we use. It's in a simple document.

You can check it out in the link below. All right, now back to the show. Didn't that segmentation come from Rockefeller?

Yeah. Isn't that one of your one of your research points? Yeah.

So in this gets to like kind of the business angle is that all of these things were in this game when it comes to our health, which is highly meditated. The way medicine exists today, the guiding law in Congress is called the Flexner Report, which actually mandates that we can't look at disease holistically. We have to look at things in silos, evidence-based.

We need to name a condition and then treat it with either a surgery or a pill. This is enshrined in law. What was their reason?

I mean, maybe there was a good reason why they did that. Like if you had to make the argument for why that was a good reason, if you could, what was their reason? Well, Flexner, who wrote that report in 1909, so it's still the guiding law today, was a paid lawyer of Rockefeller who invented the pharmaceutical industry.

As byproducts of oil production, he figured he could make them into certain pharmaceutical cures. So he is the father of the modern pharmaceutical industry and the funder of our top med schools like Johns Hopkins. And he did see economic opportunity in basically professionalizing medicine, siloing conditions, and making money by treating.

I think there's a way you could spend that in a positive way. I mean, it was the Wild West and a lot of witch doctors out there. And I think in their minds, they were trying to make it more professionalized.

But there was a clear economic opportunity to name and silo conditions and then profit from the intervention, not from making people healthy. And there was a very clear, you know, you look at Johns Hopkins, the guy that started that school, William Halstead, he denigrated nutrition, denigrated any type of holistic thinking. To this day in medical education, when my sister brought up that somebody with migraines might need to have a dietary intervention, her attending surgeon said, stop being a pussy.

We didn't go to nutrition school. This kind of idea of delegitimizing any exploration. First day of Stanford med school, Casey was told by her professors that the American patients are not going to stop eating their Big Macs, that they're going to be sedentary, and that the best thing we can do is stand with serious medicine, with the prescription pad, you know, with the scalpel, and treat these conditions as they pop up.

That is like so viscerally ingrained into the medical system. And that's a lie. Do doctors even have to go to a nutrition class?

Like, isn't it like they study that very minimally? 90% of doctors graduate without taking one nutrition class to this day? I was pre-med, four years of pre-med, zero nutrition, zero in exercise.

And I remember asking my teacher because I was like, this is a little strange. We took an anatomy class, right? You take a ton of chemistry, organic chemistry, all this stuff, but you never take anything on nutrition or exercise.

And I remember asking about that and I was like, does this happen later? Like, did I miss it? What's going on here?

And they were like, no, it's just not part of the curriculum. Your teacher was also like, don't be a pussy, Sean. Yeah, that's just like, give me the look.

He's like, this is the reason you're pre-med and not men. All right. So I just want to read some of these stories I pulled from your blog here.

So it said that in 1909, this is what you're talking about, medicine was the wild, wild west. At the time, the fourth most prescribed drug in the country was? Probably heroin, right?

Or cocaine? Heroin. Heroin.

It was made by Bayer. I don't know how you say them. And it was a cure for finicky behavior in infants.

So that's good. Then it says that Rockefeller helped start the modern pharmaceutical industry by using oil byproducts. So John D.

Rockefeller, obviously oil, you know, magnet. He then needed a byproduct for his oil and said, okay, how are we going to sell pharmaceuticals? Well, if we fund modern educational systems, I didn't realize that Johns Hopkins is named after him.

Yeah, he used to have father of modern medicine education. Yeah. Yeah, he also founded University of Chicago.

That's right. And so it was a radical concept at the time to silo different diseases into different categories so that doctors could prescribe drugs for each of those diseases. And is it true that seed oils were also from Rockefeller?

Yeah, I mean, you really, these systems is by design. And another thing he did is he had this basically oil lubricant, you know, cheaply made from byproducts of seeds. And he saw that he could actually lobby the USDA and get those approved for human consumption.

They're much cheaper than the natural fats that were, you know, genetically, biologically made to eat. And now by basically rigging the regulatory system, having his lawyers literally on the regulatory panels, it's the top source of American calories is literally, it's just as a statement of fact, a byproduct of oil production, these seed oils. And we're wondering what's going on to our health.

The three key pillars of the American diet were foods that didn't exist 120 years ago. You know, processed sugar, refined sugar wasn't really a thing that really came out of the scene about 100 years ago. We now eat 100 times more sugar than we did 100 years ago.

It's truly weaponized in our food. Seed oils, the top source of American calories, were a byproduct of John D. Rockefeller new invention.

And then processed grains, the processing really took off after World War II to make the grain shelf stable. But the processing, taking that fiber off, makes most of the grains we eat, right, it's basically a hidden sugar. It's very little nutritional value, which the fiber has, and actually turns into sugar in our bloodstream, makes it more addictive.

Those are the pillars of the American diet that were just fundamentally aren't biologically made to eat. And one thing to add to the conspiracy, head to the story, but it's true, is cigarette companies invented the processed food industry. So you have John D.

Rockefeller kind of starting it, but then in the 1980s, the cigarette smoking started going down. Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds became the two largest food companies in the United States.

In 1990, two of the three largest M&A deals in American history were cigarette companies buying food companies. So every single processed food companies we can actually point to is either still owned by a cigarette company. We don't even realize this.

Kraft is still owned by Philip Morris. So these cigarette companies are actually still owned or has been sput off once the doctors and the scientists from the cigarette companies went to the food companies and actually used these ingredients, used the rigged system to actually make our food more addictive. So this isn't just an accident that we're getting sick.

And Sam, maybe we're talking different levels because on the micro level, Ozempic, there's good stories and bad stories. But on the high level, and where we're really, kind of the purpose of my life is to argue this, is we have $1,800 per month that taxpayers are going to pay for Ozempic for an 80% of the U.S. adult target market.

What if we actually just took the issue obesity and just from first principle asked, how do we actually solve that problem? You'd never say, wait for people to get sick and then jab 80% of the American people. We're so in this box of just as an it's inevitability that we're going to get sick, even though we get much sicker than other countries, and then drug people.

We're so in that box. It's like, here is he to even question that we're going to do that. And we should give the listener and Sean background.

Basically, we had a discussion on Twitter, Callie and I, about Ozempic. I actually don't remember what I said, but I think... How convenient.

Well, it was something I was like pro-Ozempic, but for people who were incredibly obese because I think that like, I just think that when people say that something is always bad, I'm like, well, that's not true. Like, it could be good in some cases. Now, I think that drugs are mostly not the answer, but occasionally are.

I tested Ozempic because I'm a guinea pig and I love testing weird things. I think that like some of the things for morbidly obese people is interesting. I think it's particularly interesting for alcoholics, but for the average Joe, no, I think it's silly.

And I imagine you and I are in huge agreement on that. How long did you take it for, Sam? I took it, I tested it for three months when it was like, like when I saw that it was like the coolest or when I saw that I read an article saying like everyone in the Hamptons or the rich and famous are taking this.

I think I told you about it, Sean, in 2021. And I was like, what is this drug? It limits like your blood glucose stuff.

Like that's interesting. So I tried it and it was, it kind of makes you sick at first, but it's a spectacular drug. But if you don't need it, it's definitely not something that you should take.

Diet and exercise is way better. Can you explain, I don't know how much you know, but can you explain how Ozempic actually works? What does it do that lets you, that causes the weight loss?

What is the function? What is like the pathway that it uses? Yeah, I mean, so the truth is we don't fully actually know all the mechanisms, but GLP-1 is a, our body actually produces it and it gives us the feeling of satiety.

So it actually is basically just a supplement that's jamming our body with more of this peptide. It's like taking a bunch of vitamin D or taking another supplement. You're basically taking a supplement of a peptide that our body naturally produces to trick our body into feeling full.

So, you know, again, that's not really solving the root cause. A couple quick points to what Sam says. I think we're in full agreement.

I think the drug should be available. I think people should be able to hack with it. You know, but Scott Galloway was recently talking to you guys.

I think he mentioned this. He said this is the biggest, a bigger economic opportunity for the country than AI. He said that the vast majority of the American people should be on this.

That's the stance of the medical community. The stance of the various medical associations and the FDA is that this drug should be prescribed to the median American. Basically, that it's so hopeless that we're so addicted to ultra-processed food that we need to simulate ourselves with a peptide in order to trick ourselves into feeling full.

Essentially, it is liquefied anorexia. I mean, truly, truly, that's what it is. It's making you not want to eat.

It's a crash diet. And the problem with recommending it for long term is that if you could prove perfectly that this thing works the rest of your life with zero side effects and it's totally okay for every American to take for the rest of their lives, maybe there'd be a conversation, but that's actually not true. People are getting off this at high rates because of the side effects.

There's very little long-term information. There was a 68-week study to approve it for kids for life, actually, but we don't know the long-term effects. You mentioned not wanting to drink, Sam.

I mean, there's increasing information coming out and this is a key point writ large with the healthcare system is that, you know, why is it not making people want to do anything they enjoy doing? It's not, it's, they say it's actually making people not want to have sex, not want to gamble, not want to drink. Obviously, this drug affects your dopamine and serotonin pathways and it's actually increasingly showing that it's highly tied to suicidal ideation and depression.

One of the problems with the siloing of healthcare, this again, and I want to be really clear, with chronic conditions, the acute innovations of the medical system, if we have an infection, gunshot wound, burst appendix, complicate childbirth, that's great, but that's five to seven percent of overall spending. The vast majority of the medical system is basically pilling and putting band-aids on chronic conditions and people should be able to hack this. I think it's great, Sam, took a lot of my friends are taking it, but the problem is it's going to be $1,800 of government funding per person per month.

That's rigged too. The $1,800, it's 15 times cheaper in Europe. The drug is 15 times cheaper in its home country and throughout Europe through totally dysfunctional rigged policies.

We're actually literally paying 15 times more as taxpayers for that drug. So that's why I think it's kind of the Rosetta Stone to understanding why we're kind of losing our way. Sam, have you ever done the napkin math on this drug?

So I kind of was doing this this morning about this $1,800 a month. Well, do you know how much it cost, Sean? Like when I bought it just like for fun, yeah, I did it for fun.

It was like $800 a month, I think. Just real quick on that, they give rebates to individuals, but the system is so rigged that the sticker price is $60 to $1,800, which Medicare and Medicaid will pay. So the government's actually going to pay a lot more.

Taxpayers will actually pay a lot more and then they give rebates to individuals paying out of pocket. So if you just use $20,000 a year as the cost to take this thing because it's a long-term drug, you're supposed to take it continuously. And then it's 80%, I believe, of adults are, you know, in the sort of like qualified, you know, that's the TAM basically for this.

So you take, you know, you take the U.S. population times 80%, times 20 grand a year, and then you're like, well, you're supposed to continue to take this thing. So even if you do like, you know, so just that alone is something like $2 or $3 trillion a year.

It's insane. And then you say, great, and then they're going to take this for 20, 30 years. Oh, interesting.

So this is a $50 trillion drug. Callie, is this going to be the most lucrative drug ever made? Well, right now that's priced into the stock.

So I think it's the 12th most valuable company in the world. And Novo Nordic's the company that makes it just past LVMH, you know, the iconic fashion designer as the most valuable company in Europe. You know how like Safeway or Kroger has like a CVS where you can get your, your drugs in the, in the grocery store.

That's kind of like what Louis Vuitton does now, I think. Like at the front desk, they like upsell you on like a little shot. Exactly.

They're tied together. But, but yeah, Sean, it's certainly priced in with the stock. I mean, this thing is a phenomenon.

It's one of the most valuable companies in the world. What's interesting when you look into the, I've actually dug into the JP Morgan analyst reports that actually underlie the assumptions for why the stock is so valuable. About 80 to 90% of the profits expected are not from its home continent, Europe.

It's, it's almost all from the United States. So this is not the standard of care in, in Europe. If you're pre-diabetic in, in Denmark where this drug is made, they actually prescribe a keto diet.

They actually pay you to exercise, um, which makes sense. Um, this isn't just doled out like candy, uh, from the medical system in Europe. People can pay out of pocket.

So all the profit expectations are coming from the United States. This Danish company is one of the 10 largest lobbyists of U.S. politicians and one of the 10 largest spenders on TV news.

Um, so literally what you have is pharma companies just, just as a statement of fact, not conspiratorial. They are the largest funder of politicians. They fund politicians directly five times more than the oil industry.

They're 50% of TV news spending. So they're not only able to influence us, they're actually able to buy the news itself. They're actually able to dictate what we hear on the news, which is why 60 Minutes, uh, literally ran a segment saying obesity is a genetic condition, uh, that it's not tied to eating or not tied to exercise and that it's, it's an urgent priority to, uh, jab a bunch of kids.

That's what literally what 60 Minutes said relatively unquestioned. Then they're the largest funder of med schools and academic research. I mean, getting back to the nutrition point in med schools, Casey kind of unwound why that was Stanford med school, 50% of our budget touches pharma.

It's pharma is the number one funder of research. Um, pharma is the number one funder of the actual regulatory agencies. 50, excuse me, 75% of the FDA is actually not funded by taxpayers.

It's funded by pharma itself and bureaucracies are built to grow. It's a revolving door. When I hear Stanford med school professor or the dean of Harvard med school, that just feels like trustworthy to me.

Just me as a layman person, I feel like, well, who else am I going to trust if not the dean of Harvard med or the Stanford professor? Are those people that you trust? Absolutely not.

I think around the country in various levels, we're all losing trust in our institutions in various ways. The military, education, healthcare, I think is number one. And I think this is a really positive thing because we're the only animals with experts telling us what to eat and how to manage chronic conditions.

We're the only animals that have rampant levels of metabolic dysfunction, obesity, diabetes. You don't have those among giraffes. The problem is that we're listening to the experts.

And let me just take it really specific on Stanford med school dean. You're right. Nobody more trusted in the country.

And working for the pharmaceutical industry in 2009, 2010, we knew that. Can you just explain that? You were a consultant, right?

You went to Stanford, then you became a consultant and you consulted for companies. Can you just explain that background? I went to Stanford.

My sister was my best friend. She was much smarter. She was pre-med.

You know, top of her Stanford med school class. I did economics and got into politics. And then right after doing some campaigns, realized, you know, everyone that after the campaign works for the two largest spenders in D.C., the food industry and the pharma industry, worked for them and did consulting for a couple of years.

Didn't like it. Went to business school and been starting companies for the past 10 years. Did you know, getting into it, were you like, this is slimy?

So I grew up in Washington, D.C., good, young conservative, you know, intern at the White House, intern at the Heritage Foundation. I was the annoying conservative guy in class at Stanford, pissing everybody off and, you know, really considered myself ideological. And I considered being conservative, supporting American industry.

So I worked on some campaigns and then I was very proud to be working for the pharmaceutical industry and working for the food industry, these industries leading the country. And the issue in front of us was, which ties to the Stanford Med School dean, was opioids. So you get in a room, I'm a junior employee and it's like, there's unnecessary regulation on opioids, these incredible innovations that are solving this scourge of the American people, which is pain.

And we have to fight back against this. What are we going to do? And I had a list of doctors in front of me.

And we're like, how do we get these doctors money? Let's get them some research grants. So we reached out to the dean of Stanford Med School who was a pain specialist and we funded him directly with consulting payments and then made a donation to Stanford to his lab for $4 million from opioid companies to study ethics and pain management.

Then we worked with our allies at the NIH, which is totally just a swamp with pharmaceutical interests. It's funded by pharma. It's a total roving door.

And we helped set up a panel. So the NIH in 2011 did a panel to make recommendations on opioids. Who's the most trusted person you could possibly have on a panel to make a medical recommendation?

The dean of Stanford Med School. So the dean of Stanford Med School who just took a bunch of money from opioid companies was appointed in 2011 to the blue ribbon panel on opioid recommendations. He chose 19 other elite academics.

15 of the 19 had direct payments from opioid companies that we very strategically steered to them. And that panel in 2000, I believe it was 2011, recommended basically that this was overblown about the addiction. They basically said, you know, stay the course.

Pain is a huge problem. And then opioid prescriptions continued to go up. That's how it works.

And I could just tell you that I think this is something people are waking up to. I think you see this in the political climate right now where there's, I think the defining issue of our time is distrust of our institutions. These lobbyists, these consultants, they know how to rig the debate, right?

They know people trust the study from Stanford. They know people trust, you know, what civil rights groups say that if you call someone racist, that's going to shut down the debate. So that's why corporations that are basically poisoning the American people are the biggest funder of civil rights organizations.

It's just look who people trust and funnel the money to. So let me ask you, when you funded the research for, let's say, that Stanford professor or dean or whatever it was, and then they, and you funded 15 of the 19 people that were on that panel. Now, I want to get really specific.

Do you think, what do you believe? Do you believe that they genuinely believed the opioid, like that was their, their genuine conclusion after doing the research and the study was that the opioid thing is overblown that we should pay more opioids for Americans, right? Do you believe that they felt like a little conflicted, like, hey, my gravy train shuts off if this goes down, so let's find some middle ground.

Do you feel like they are intentionally misleading or that that's genuinely what they believe? Very, very good question. I think the reason maybe a lot of listeners and I used to have trouble believing this is because how can this be so evil?

So let me break this down. The genius of the healthcare system is that it takes very good people and puts them into a system with plausible deniability. So the problem is that nobody actually has full responsibility for why the outcome that the healthcare system should be solving for, which is people getting sick, why that's exploding as everyone's making money.

You know, the doctors can say it's the food company's fault. The food companies can say it's personal responsibility. The med schools can say we can't control what Americans do.

We're just going to keep growing and making money. The pharma companies, you know, rally about, you know, making stands and curing the sick patients in front of them. So everyone, the systemic design of the healthcare industry is actually genius because it can allow people actually almost a virtue signal about doing the right thing while producing, well, not necessarily evil, it's evil, but it's producing what the system's designed to do, which is growth.

So that's one dynamic with the healthcare system. If you go down to your question, Sean, and I've really, Casey's been exploring this. We talk about this in our book.

I have to put some culpability on people in the system and I think it's breaking through. One statistic that's alarming, doctors have the highest suicide rate and highest rate of burnout of any profession in America. I think what's happening is you get a lot of well-meaning people.

There's easier ways to make a buck, you know, than the nine years of training you have to do. You know, people, we actually are a magnet for the best and brightest into the medical system and then they eventually realize and if they're not, they don't realize this, they're just not paying attention that they're complicit in a system that is profiting from people being sick and they're not making people better. So you actually have a dynamic where a lot of people feel trapped.

My sister, after leaving, kind of bravely leaving the medical system after a decade of training, got people, senior at Stanford, senior at Harvard, senior medical leaders kind of talking to her off the record saying, you are much braver than me. Everyone knows this system is going to run the country off a cliff. So there is a knowledge and I think what leads to this depression, suicide, burnout among doctors is they don't quite know what to do.

They feel really trapped in this system with really perverse incentives. But we all know people that work at pharma that are doctors. You know, a lot of my friends from Harvard Business School, like they go into work at Pepsi, work at pharma, work at these companies.

It takes good people. But more and more, I do, you know, think we need to kind of Elon Musk energy. You know, he said, fuck it, I don't care if I lose money, I'm going to do what's right.

We need more of that leadership from the healthcare system because we're truly creating a, and I'm not even joking, right, a fat, depressed, infertile population. I mean, infertility is skyrocketing right now. There's, our bodies are screaming out for help.

Right. Well, before we go to infertility, I want to just tie back to the history thing. So you had said something, I think, in one of your blog posts that the first chronic condition that pharmaceutical ever, that became a pharmaceutical product was birth control.

I think this was in the 1950s. And you said, this is the first pill in American history that people just didn't stop taking. And, you know, if you're a company and you see this, it's a beautiful business model.

Here's a pill they're going to take every single month, you know, on an ongoing basis. And it's not, you know, it's not a cure. It's a treatment.

It's a chronic thing that you're going to continue to do. And I think there's some documentaries now on the Sackler family and all this, but, you know, basically they worked for Pfizer and they started thinking, you know, how can we create more chronic issues? And they, is it true that they also owned the medical journals at the time?

Yes. So let me, yeah, let me try to take that to today and what kind of the business problem and the business opportunity is. So you're right.

The medical system was at its height of trust after World War II. The invention of antibiotics was credited as a chief reason we won the war, you know, but the antibiotics were founded by, you know, basically somebody digging in dirt and doing some like very rudimentary experiments that cost no money, right? It's like, this wasn't actually a huge industry.

And literally the Sackler family, they said, okay, this is very strategic. Let's take the trust engendered post-World War II. Let's learn the lesson from the birth control pill and let's get Americans on more and more pills.

So they actually, with owning the medical journals, they actually created new diagnosis codes and created this idea of anxiety and created new mental health code categories. And their first big blockbuster, one of them, was Valium, a benzos, very addictive, very harmful. And the Time magazine cover, you know, late 1960s, early 1970s was Valium Nation.

30% of women were on this drug, very addictive. They were called Mommy's Little Helper. And that was their advertising.

And then you just go down the list. The entire thrust of medicine has then been to take that Flexner report, take what Rockefeller set up and put it on Hyperdrive, segment the body, segment medical specialties deeper, deeper, deeper, and then create pills just for biomarkers, right? Stand for cholesterol, right?

The metformin for blood sugar. We've been pilling ourselves on all these little biomarkers that we can kind of manipulate with one pill, completely ignoring that everyone's getting sicker at the same time. That is by the design, right?

It's very profitable. And we, you know, I think we talked about this on Twitter, just as a statement of economic fact, there's nothing more profitable than a child that gets sick early and gets on these drugs and doesn't learn metabolically healthy habits, doesn't learn the basics of why their blood sugar is high, why their cholesterol is high. They're told the same reason is a pill and they're inevitably going to get more and more and more and more comorbidities.

The genius of chronic disease, which the Sacklers understood, is that those patients suffer, those kids suffer, right? You're four times more likely to be suicidal or depressed if you have diabetes as a kid, right? You're going to have a lot more issues like infertility, but you don't die right away.

You're a patient who goes in the system often paid for by taxpayers. So this was understood. This is directly understood when the Sacklers and other allies saw the birth control pill.

And that takes us to today where I'll call out, you know, even the entrepreneurial community and venture capitalists, right? Investment and good business opportunities in the system still are predicated on this existing model. You know, I talked to a lot of esteemed healthcare VCs and they think innovation is putting a millennial pink package on Viagra and shipping it to people more conveniently.

They think that innovation is like better UX on medical records. You know, you look down the list on these thought leaders of venture capital talking about, you know, medical innovation. It's all just better wrappers on the same existing system.

There's very little disruption. Now, that's a moral problem, but I actually think it's an economic problem because I don't think people fully understand. I've talked to a lot of a lot of the wise people in the health space.

If we have an unsustainable situation, if we truly do believe that, if we truly do believe we're on a bad path with our mental health, with our physical health, with our obesity rates, we're not going to drug our way out of that problem. Like, we're not going to be doing more and more of the same to solve that problem. I think that's self-evident and I think there's an economic opportunity there for people who realize it because we're going to have to shift the incentives of the system.

Hey, so I don't want to change the world when it comes to food. That's up to guys like you. I just want to do like the 80-20 where I mostly do things great so I feel good and I look good and my family is safe and feels good as well.

Can you tell me what you eat and where you get your food on a daily basis and just what that 80-20 is? Like, what can I do? What can our listeners do?

What can Sean do to just be mostly great? Yeah, the core thesis of this book I wrote with my sister is that things are more complicated by design. The biggest lie in healthcare is that the reasons we're getting sick are complicated and the second biggest lie is that these things can't be changed quickly.

They can. So when it comes to food, I believe we should fire every single person in the government and academia who works in nutrition we should replace it with this one rule which answers your question and one principle. Reduce ultra-processed food consumption.

We are 70% if you look at what your kids are eating or what we're eating it's ultra-processed food. So what did you eat for breakfast and what are you going to eat for lunch? No matter what dietary philosophy you are I try to eat whole foods.

I had eggs, right? Pasture raised so look into the quality so the first step is to reduce ultra-food consumption that's the thing I'd say first and foremost that is what most people are not doing even if you don't get into the types of food you're eating that's the first step. I guarantee you if you are on the hunt to rid your fridge of ultra-processed food being on the hunt for those three those unholy trendy of three ingredients added sugar processed grains and seed oils you're going to get to the next level of the quality of the food.

The first thing to do is ultra-processed food. Which basically just means mostly plants and animals that are not processed a ton. If we simply made that our nutrition policy we'd be a transformed human capital.

The second thing is as you alluded to is if you get there and most people are not there is to get into the quality of the food to really understand and be curious and be in that path of what's being done to our food. The genetic makeup of a grass-fed cow versus a grain-fed cow is entirely different. It's a reversed ratio of omega-3 or omega-6.

The grain-fed which cows are not made to eat which is totally a new phenomenon are predominantly omega-6 fatty acids which are inflammatory which causes inflammation in our body. A grass-fed cow which is how they've been raised forever which is now a luxury is omega-3 anti-inflammatory. So if you just hunt for animals hunt for vegetables that were made in the way were biologically made to eat them that's the second bar.

Well alright so I'm hungry do you go to like a chain grocery store ever or do you only go to butchers? Where do you shop for groceries? I go to Sprouts I go to Whole Foods I look for deliveries of meat that's pasture-raised of farmers that I trust but truly just going to your supermarket and not getting ultra-processed food and looking with the eggs pasture-raised with the meat ideally grass-fed pasture-raised with the vegetables organic not sprayed with a bunch of glyphosate and pesticides like it's simple it's the things we all talk about but if you truly just follow that and we incentivize that as a country more we'll be on a much better path.

What are your vices? When's the last time you had a Dorito? Yeah or like just like do you have a bowl of ice cream once a week?

I am like everyone that knows me I am like I've been on a journey here guys like you know two years ago I mean I was running a wedding dress company with my wife a direct-to-consumer wedding dress company during COVID we raised venture money we had a large team and struggled a bit during COVID it's called Anomaly so we made custom dresses we had a really innovative supply chain but you know I've been running you know startups direct-to-consumer companies you know for the past decade and I wasn't the helliest person and during COVID a couple things happened one is my sister Casey Means who I wrote the book with as I mentioned a bunch she started Levels Health she left the medical system she's become a big advocate I thought she was an idiot when she left medical school or left residency I'm I you know as I said grew up trusting the medical system thinking it was just crazy that she would leave this path she's on of all these credentials right that's how we were raised it's like get the best schools get grow up the traditional systems so I thought she was crazy but she really radicalized me with these ideas that the answers are much simpler than they seem in 2021 as we were selling our direct consumer company my mom had a pain in her stomach and and went in to get a scan at Stanford Hospital and she was perfectly healthy we thought but they told her it was stage 4 pancreatic cancer and she called us said she's gonna die in a couple weeks and we rushed to her side what that experience for me so this is relatively new this is 2021 what that experience to me showed is really a microcosm of how the system's broken because my mom was on 5 medications over 40 years she you know 30 years ago had high cholesterol statin that's normal high blood sugar metformin that's normal so she was the typical american patient she was 70 and actually told by her doctor a couple weeks before that she was actually healthy because she was on less medications than an average 70 year old because those issues that most americans deal with weren't identified as a core you know metabolic issue just take a pill she wasn't set on that path of exploring her food of understanding how sedentary life can can eventually give you cancer down the road that led to her getting cancer this year cancer rates are at an all-time high they're particularly at an all-time high around kids every single chronic disease you can name is at an all-time high this year it's because we're ignoring the warning signs we ignored those with my mom so she abruptly died and that kind of radicalized me to my previous experience working for the food and pharma industry right around that time I took a blood test and the doctor said oh your blood is fine you know you're fine I showed my sister she's like no no this is this represents metabolic dysfunction I asked the doctor again what happened they're like no no no you're not treatable yet you're not quite at the stand rate but yeah yeah that's it's not good but you know we don't have anything to do for you yet so that's that kind of these experiences it doesn't come from a passion for nutrition it comes from a passion really for American competitiveness we are poisoning our population and the average American is on a path like my mom kind of the system hand-waving these small things and then they eventually lead to a big thing so that led me I mean I'm not a model in any way and frankly I don't have any interest in lecturing anyone listening I think we a lot of people listening are on probably a path right now my main passion and what Justin and I are really working on Justin Mayers my partner at Trumeb is I think I think a lot of your listeners are on this path I think they're like looking at pasture-raised beef I think they're trying what I'm saying and where my experience comes in from working for these industries is that we can't lie to ourselves though we are not going to get out of this if the largest industry in the country is incentivized for us to be sick and I think startups companies other people we need to actually talk about the top-down incentives too so you know I'm absolutely on a path we've written about tactical tips in our book but where I'm spending most of my time is like how do we change the incentives because I don't think the Japanese kids are you know just much less lazy and less suicidal than Americans at a 3% you know they have a 3% obesity rate we have a kid childhood obesity rate like 25% there's something happening with the incentives what is the answer there what is the leading theory on why in Japan they're at you look at this chart we're at 40% yeah America we're number one 40% obesity rate and then Japan's at the bottom 4% what are they doing differently what is it you know genetic might be a hypothesis what are the real hypotheses no to anyone that said genetics they say obesity crisis is genetics when it's just exploded in the past 40 years and was not an issue at all they say they say that diabetes is genetics when you didn't have kids as diabetic 40 years ago Sean it is so simple it is follow the money it is that simple it is I'm just going to say this again our most prominent industry makes money when we're sick and loses money when we're healthy what does Japan do yeah so they spend three times less per capita on healthcare and double the amount mostly on food so so per capita so they actually put food into their healthcare budget so I'll say that again they spend two times more per capita on food we spend almost like on all developed countries per capita we spend the least amount on food and three times more than the average are you saying the government spends two times more as a country as a country and a lot of the healthcare budget actually goes to incentivizing the food system and food interventions nine out of ten killers of Americans are foodborne illnesses I mean we can dance throughout it it's just that simple like you would wipe out heart disease diabetes kidney disease respiratory illness COVID deaths even if you got our country metabolically more healthy which is many factors but food is the number one other countries understand that and they dramatically rein in the incentives that pay doctors more when you get sicker for a longer period of time fundamentally the structure now a lot of these countries I don't even have systems we fully agree with you know socialism whatever have you in the US we have much worse than socialism we have a kleptocracy where the system has just totally been rigged and every single impulse is for people to get sick be fed into the system and then stay sick to be treated that's every single impulse in the system Sean have you have you ever you I don't think you've been to Europe recently but when you go to Europe it's pretty crazy I you like I went down this little path where I remember going to Europe and I felt like I ate poorly like I was on vacation and I ate pretty bad but I was walking a lot but I felt awesome and I went to the store and I bought a pack of Skittles just I wanted to look at the ingredients and then when you compare the amount of ingredients that are in a Skittle or a Kit Kat or like normal junk food compared to American food it's like the list of ingredients it's like two or three times as long I've seen this on Twitter right same brand of bread or whatever it is same brand of cracker but then in Europe there's three ingredients and in the US there's 17 ingredients that you don't recognize the names that's what you're talking about yeah and there's this other thing where if you look at McDonald's so McDonald's up until like 1985 or 1990 they used beef fat I believe to fry their fries tall and it was I think it was just salt and a potato for a long time now if you look at the ingredients of a french fry it's a McDonald's french fry it's got like 10 other things is there and I think that someone said it best where they said in Europe the rules around food are it's a default to we say no to everything here's the ingredients we allow you to put in whereas in America it was like here's the handful of things we don't allow Callie you're rolling your eyes is that inaccurate to look at it because I've noticed that when I go overseas I oftentimes I feel better but I don't think I'm eating better no no I think you're hitting it on this head Sam I'm just anticipating what I would be thinking a couple years ago what some people might be thinking is there's this argument when you talk about this in the U.S. that it's over regulation and again I'm like a free market guy I don't like regulation and as a working for these companies whenever anyone mentioned about changing food degrees the U.S. it's like the U.S.

food system is great let's not have the nanny state the problem is that the nanny state is the fact that food companies have lobbied and rigged the system to have thousands of ingredients that aren't legal in Europe are allowed in the United States the U.S. nutrition guidelines committee which basically approves and recommends various foods 95% of it is funded by 95% of the panelists are directly funded by food companies or pharma companies so this idea that we allow these ingredients isn't under regulation it's actually completely and utterly rigged you know Justin Mayers and I we have a company that is trying to change these incentives but because we've been pounding this mission we've been looped into a number of advocacy efforts one thing we're doing we're working with a guy named Jason Karp and a bunch of health leaders we've done a legal action against Kellogg's you know Kellogg's is a stark example but their ingredient list they changed completely for the American kids versus just across the border in Canada it has addictive ingredients it has the colorings that make it really bright that are linked to ADHD and other developmental issues we're literally through a rigged system you know our free formulating ingredients for American kids that's what Europe frankly realizes more I mean what Europe and other countries are doing is it's not really even healthcare policy it's a let's not poison our population as much policy Kelly I want to shift gears real quick you we ask people before they come on the pod we say you know what were some of the big you know either philosophies turning points in your life things that that really shaped you and and shaped the way you think about the world you said something that the most formative experience was at HBS class so Harvard Business School class where a professor said that the most depressed group of people he ever studied was HBS people 10 years after graduation what is that story and why would Harvard Business School grads 10 years later be the most depressed group of people yeah it kind of made me think about the Scott Galloway interview you guys did where he's like you know don't chase your passions I just I really don't think that's the right advice I don't think we have an epidemic of people you know not you know fully I don't think we have an epidemic of people chasing their passions too much um you know what I've generally seen um is a lot of our trauma and expectations through society you know throwing really good human capital into suboptimal roads um and yeah so at HBS and it's just one microcosm you know but but just something I saw everyone writes their application essay about you know transforming and disrupting the world disrupting healthcare disrupting you know energy big industries having a big impact and then like many things you you get into that room of you know of a thousand people of kind of you know a type people and uh it's a conformity factory um so 85 to 90% of people by the end of the two years end up going into traditional industries into finance into energy you know my friend uh personally wrote an essay about transforming healthcare went to McKinsey and you know I was on the team that uh helped prescribe more opioids on their side that recently had to settle lawsuits so so you have this dynamic I think this happens at many layers throughout the country where um based on you know various fears that are ingrained in us by society I think frankly the gears of one of the negative gears of capitalism to just kind of you know as John D Rockefeller said we need workers we don't need thinkers um you know that's what a lot of our institutions do and um this study uh this professor uh he surveyed white uh blue collar workers different socioeconomic classes you know uh every different professions you know like like 30 different cohorts the most depressed group was these graduates 10 years out and again the reason is because they go in with dreams they end up conforming and settling their lifestyle gets to the point where they don't have really flexibility to take that stab to take that dream they feel professionally unfulfilled but trapped and then you know 10 years out they really have a lot of regrets at least professionally but that maybe bleeds into other areas and um you know I I generally feel like like grateful honestly like like I in a weird way my mom's death was always what I'd feared most in life that happening and in a way kind of cementing the finiteness of life and um and and a mission into my head um I feel really like grateful for and um yeah I I think people not chasing their passions not fully self-actualizing themselves is a much bigger problem than uh than too many people following their passions you also said that uh taking mushrooms um was like one of the most impactful things did you tell Callie your your almost mushrooms story one of my favorite stories listen to this so you know I I I have issues that I'm always working out I had some I had some trauma I was working out and I and I went to this I went to this meeting of this woman who she called herself a shaman was gonna lead me along with my wife through a MDMA or something like that therapy session I go to the dinner and the meet and greet and she starts saying things like we need to give this medicine for free to everyone and I was like yeah but I'm paying like five grand to do this can I have it for free she didn't like that and then she was like she asked where I was from I said Missouri and she goes ah fly over country uh and I was like all right that's strike two and then I start asking her a little bit more and she starts talking about capitalism and how it's ruined medicine and capitalism is horrible and all this stuff I'm like well lady again I'm paying you five grand to be here and I was like so what were you doing before this she goes I used to work at Lehman Brothers and when it collapsed I left and started doing this and I was like I'm out lady I'm out and she and she texted me she texted me and she was like I don't think this is a good fit and I was like I agree this is this is a a round peg in a square hole this is not a good fit didn't you tell her you're like I can't do drugs with you yeah I was like look I was already on the fence about taking drugs and if I'm going to take drugs it ain't gonna be with you and you said that taking psilocybin was awesome Sean have you ever done this stuff by the way and would you ever do it I've only done it like recreationally like 15 years ago I have never done it I don't want to say I would never do it but it's never been something that's called me but you know I hear these stories and I want to hear your story Kelly because the people who advocate for it are people I like they're people I respect and they're people who they advocate for it in such a strong way that it does make me curious like wow what one of the things I've learned in life is that some of the most valuable things are the things you don't know how to value meaning you've never traveled so you don't get the big deal about travel you've never done this you don't understand what you're missing out on and those are some of the most valuable things and when somebody is stuck in one of those mindsets you just want to shake them and be like dude you don't know trust me like whatever I don't know if this is one of those things but I've heard about it enough where it's made me curious yeah yeah so for Sam I think you made the right decision set and setting is very important I think that encouragement of therapeutic psilocybin use for anyone that feels called Sean I think you make a great for anyone that feels called is the most important single thing we can do in America period I actually believe that I think we are truly losing our minds a bit in the country through all this change that's happening the highest leverage area we can do work on is our brains and this isn't everything but it is a blunt force extremely powerful tool to help rewire our brains let me give my experience so my mom dies I'm kind of at an existential moment on kind of thinking about you know what I want to do our company was cranking before COVID you know had 100 employees was struggling because the whole market was cut off and I again conservative guy never super stigmatized view never thought about these things yeah can you imagine you like 12 year old you wearing your Brooks Brothers khakis being like one day you're going to be advocating for psychedelics I still got the Brooks no I could have never I still got the sports coat still got the Brooks Brothers I try to wear that when I talk about this because I think it's a very important thing actually across the aisle everyone needs to wake up to but and I do talk to a lot of Republicans about this who are waking up but yeah so a friend who is a scientist said let's do this therapeutic session blindfold high dose music four hours introspective alone and I'll give a couple examples of what I saw it's really hard to describe but I was working with my wife and you know we were running a startup stressful you know we would quibble a lot and I saw myself kind of getting angry at her and then my brain like zoomed up and I saw the expanse of the whole like world like it like zoomed out of the whole galaxy and I'm like it just put this simple inside of my head like I'm so fucking stupid to get mad at my amazing wife about these stupid things in the expanse of like how lucky I am it's a simple insight we can all say that like to be grateful that you shouldn't throw out the small stuff I'm not perfect by any means but I think about that like every hour like with her like it's totally it's like a car crash like submitted to my head of how grateful and lucky I am with her and how stupid it is to get like angry over small things completely transformed my thought on that I saw my mom and she gave me a hug and I like had this idea that she still lived within me and that I could carry her legacy forward by like working with my sister on the book and various you know this mission to kind of try to carry her story forward I truly like have that imprinted in my head I've never been upset about my mom dying and I truly feel like viscerally that she lives inside us and lives inside this mission lives inside the book we wrote again it's a simple the best way to describe it is the neuroplasticity you can talk about a car crash or you can get in a car crash and it's like when something really traumatic happens your brain like wires and it's like deep rooted in your brain what it does is it it helps you kind of get out of the um uh trauma and thought processes and fears that we're inevitably ingrained with and helps um cement in a really solid way uh some of these potentially new uh frameworks um that that sound trite but are like have the seriousness of a long-term thing and then the other thing I'd say and I think a lot of people talk about this and again Sean it's only I just share my story it's only um you know as you're called but I think it is important to hear these stories I think it's really dumb and and and kind of not correct to talk about as some kind of like corporate or executive you know hack because it's much deeper than that but for me it's the most profound important professional thing I've ever done I mean like the whole kind of growing up in DC trying to chase up the ladder go to the good schools the HBS you know conformity it definitely is like you know definitely I think consistently gives you this kind of like you know idea of how these stupid games were playing just don't matter and um definitely solidified in my head like uh hopefully some fearlessness on like pushing um you know a mission forward and it led to what I'm doing now and and you know I'd I'd like to think that's ingrained in the company I you know from my perspective having a mission that's sincere just as I have and um it's been a differentiator in recruiting like-minded people and customers and merchants it's not a panacea for everything I think a lot of people get to this place through prayer through meditation through other routes it's not like a shortcut but it definitely is a way brute force to get out of um your your uh traps that are holding you back that's pretty damn convincing Sean I think you uh like to make an appointment yeah I think you're gonna have to get busy next weekend I think you're gonna have to mark some time off your calendar I don't know man that's not when I hear that I think blindfolded with headphones on I find that to be incredibly intimidating I find I I want the I want the the result I don't know if I can go through did you do it one time or have you done it more since is it like a regular thing or yeah no it's like giving childbirth that um you know it was a profound experience so I want to do right away again it's it's a really um but but I've done it a couple more times I mean to be to be totally honest Sam it's it's all about I I will promise you this and and frankly this is my perspective but if anyone feels called if you are called and you're doing it in a in a good setting without you know somebody ranting about politics to you before and where you feel safe and you walk towards the and this is what the clinical research says quite frankly but if you walk towards your fears if you go into it a way to explore and walk towards you know your your issues whatever that means to you it's gonna be I I've never personally met someone that's done it in a responsible therapeutic way who hasn't said it's been the most impactful experience of their lives I actually don't know anyone that hasn't said that it's not like a a club or anything but it truly is if you're called to do it I I would say this to people if this resonates I would try to do it like urgently like like I think your life is really like I I many people I know and for me it's like kind of before and after um uh is this legal uh like can you google like like psilocybin retreat near me yeah yeah so I I I I did it in a this legal in some countries um there's a phase three FDA approval of the United States um to make it legal which we're just and I are actually advocating a lot on too I think it fits into the whole root cause health thing that we're trying to push forward there's so religious exemptions there's uh state by state um a decriminalization so I'm not going to give legal advice I would I would urge people to find a responsible legal uh way uh to do it therapeutically in a in a trusted safe setting um and um yeah it is in Sam it's it's just it's just about what whenever you you feel called but uh but it's four hours it's exploring your you know your uh it's holding us all back right there's different narratives and stuff I mean I think you guys are amazing how openly you talk about kind of your mental models and stuff it's just a way to like zoom out and re-explore those yeah I think it's awesome yeah I'm totally in favor of it I just I it's not I'm I'm a little intimidated still well one of my favorite phrases is uh when the student is ready the teacher appears and I think you know you're saying when you're called to something I've always felt this way which is that um things happen at the right time and you you know intuitively you'll you'll know when the right time is for certain things or if it's for you there's a great YouTube video I watched of Tim Ferriss talking about um psychedelics Tim Ferriss is a big advocate for psychedelics I think he has a nonprofit that he started that's funding research but what I liked about his video was that he wasn't trying to convince you at all to do it in fact he started by essentially convincing all the reasons you shouldn't do it um and was very measured and responsible in the way that he talked about it so if anybody's curious if this made you curious I would watch that video because I thought that was very helpful in framing and I won't try to summarize his points because I thought he did a good job but just try to Google or YouTube for uh for Tim Ferriss talking about it's like a five minute clip or something I completely agree with that it's not like an endorsement but it is criminal and I think one of the biggest issues in the country that we don't make this tool available just last week uh the FDA actually threw a wrench into the approval process for MDMA um again like Justin and I see Truman as an advocacy organization we're at we're lobbying and have a relationship with 100 members of Congress both sides of the aisle we're actually working with presidential candidates too and and and uh members of Congress to brief them about this issue the FDA does not like these treatments because instead of long-term kind of numbing your symptoms it actually does help you get into you know the cause and unpacking the trauma that we all have and the mental models that we all have so actually like you know this gets into what we're talking about earlier like these type of I consider this a root cause treatment right anything that gets to the root with mental health it's obviously the the mental models holding us back with metabolic conditions it's it's food and lifestyle habits what's interesting is is you know when you first start talking about this I was almost chuckling a little bit to myself like oh uh you know first he was kind of railing against prescribing a drug to solve the problem and then here he's saying the drug solves the problem for me or it it was a great intervention but what actually what you're saying is that in both cases it's the cleaning of the fish tank so in the first case that the cleaning of the thing that was making you sick was the food in the second case the thing that was making you sick in the head was your own story and perspective on things and this was a way to change the narrative in your head the perspective in the story that you were telling yourself every day so I think in both cases you're actually advocating for cleaning the tank yeah it is my wife and and Justin and people that know me will tell you I have a long I'm I have a long way to go my the biggest room in my house is the room for improvement but like for me this uh you know what I did what a bumper sticker I love that when I did this a couple times and I haven't done it a long time Sean because it just it jams for me of like it's the basics it's like be a good person try to exercise eat healthy meditate you know like like like the key to life is that like that was a big thing for me it's just like the having the nirvada experience of what the world is with with this is one thing but like the the implementation for me is like so that that was my message from it and I think it's like it was a good message for me it's like I think that's what most people that do this in a therapeutic way get it's like I need to be a better person things are connected um so yeah it's not like like you take it and it's a panacea it's like it's like a tool it is a like nuclear weapon uh like blood force instrument to like jam some truths um and it is you know not to get too trippy but it is a natural substance um uh you know the oldest living organism that we basically derive from this fungus um so you know yeah it's a good question but um it's not to me it's not anti-pharma pro-pharma it's what is a root cause cure um what actually helps us you know get to the get to the problem and I think most modalities that help us actually cure things are uh are uh pushed back against and uh and drugs that are uh basically help numb and are recurring or are incentivized do you ever take it like just have fun like recreationally or only medicinally I mean I've taken it recreationally I thought it was awesome yeah I didn't high high level I'd say like it's it's impossible to even like articulate and like I don't have the English words to articulate how different like a like taking something at a concert is versus a therapeutic experience it's like it's like a different stratosphere like I truly think if people are called for do it a therapeutic high dose way it's gonna be one of the most impactful uh experience of their lives um so it's I just say it's very very very different the set and setting and dose uh but high level I think when you just compare the science on things like alcohol and other drugs that we take versus um versus what these drugs do which are actually brain regenerative in many ways and very low side effects I think even how we think about recreational drug use is you know our government you know we prescribe 15 percent of high schoolers basically meth you know Adderall which is which is literally like one molecule away from meth we you know caffeine's pretty powerful alcohol is very harmful um you know I think we totally have it backwards on what's appropriate for recreational you're saying and I think it's I think it's just fine personally just from a medical perspective from a scientific literature perspective even from like a spiritual perspective it's like you know people taking low doses of psychedelics and talking about their feelings talking about their lives getting deep I mean it's kind of like where did this like deep where did like I was watching this thing from the 80s where they were talking about MDMA and it's like too many people are going dancing and feeling together and loving to each other it's like it's like it's like where it's like yeah you watch like that the fear mongering it's like is that a bad thing like and then there's like very little side effects so um on the end you made frog do those commercials this is like like this is your brain on drugs and it's just a flower it's nice it's there's no problem with it you know I wanted to say thank you for coming on I appreciate your kind of your openness and I don't know your contrarian opinions because I'll be honest with you a lot of times when you were talking I was thinking is this a conspiracy theory or is this a fact at the same time I was thinking he sounds crazy but my eyes verify what he's saying meaning I look at the food where we eat and we're sold I look at the people around me I look at the the health conditions and you're not wrong about that and so I thought this is one of the more interesting episodes it's one of the few episodes I would say is an important episode like we do a lot of fun episodes interesting episodes but this is one of the few that I could say is important and yeah I just appreciate you coming on man this is this is a good time I appreciate you guys so much and my big pitch anyone listening that resonates there's a lot of economic opportunity if you agree with this thesis because it has to change and we need more entrepreneurs need more people thinking about changing health care steps because it has to move in that direction I appreciate you guys so much listen to the podcast every episode and just awesome to talk shop with you guys you're the man we appreciate you thank you all right that's the pod yeah here you you you you