It's it's rooted in like trauma, like just fear. It bothers me so much. Like, for example, comment here coffee.

They sent me some for free. It's so good, but it's a dollar fifty per cup. And compare that to like your bean coffee.

I'm like a dollar fifty. Sometimes I don't even drink the whole thing. And so like I've been really struggling with like, is that worth it?

Is this worth it? Can I tell you something interesting I saw? So the one the point oh, one percent rule.

So Nathan Berry came on the pod and he was cool. So he's the founder of ConvertKit. He came on.

He was telling us about some blog posts that either he's written or the others have written that he liked. So I went back and I read one of them and I saw this thing called the point oh, one percent rule. Have you seen this?

No. OK, so I'm pretty amazing. I'm going to pull up this where's the blog?

Point one one percent rule. Well, let me see if I can pull it up here. OK, I'm not gonna find it real quick here, but I'll put the link in Ben if you can find it or search Nathan Berry wealth ladder point one percent.

So basically. The way the guy's thing, he's like, he's like, you know, he's like he talks about price sensitivity and he's sort of like, you know, as you get more rich, you know, the way you think about money should change. Right.

This is like when I came to your house and you had like CVS receipts in the glove compartment because you're like saving them for like the three dollar thing. You're like, hell yeah. And I was like, dude, you just sold your company for like many, many millions of dollars.

What are you doing with these CVS receipts? You're like, I just like to do it. That's a habit.

And so this guy talks about like the richer you get. You should sort of he's like he's like this works for when you sell something to somebody or yourself as you get to that level. Basically, below point one percent of your net worth.

So that's you take your net worth, you multiply by point oh, oh, oh, whatever, you know, one. So it's like point one percent of your net worth. So let's say you're worth.

Let's do one hundred million. So one hundred million. What is it times what?

Use five million, right? Use a little bit more of a approachable number here. So.

So that would be five hundred dollars for if you have five million dollars in net worth five hundred dollars is the threshold below which you don't really feel it. You don't really care or feel it. You become a little bit price insensitive below that point.

So that might be like, you know, opting for the, you know, the nicer hotel or like you just really don't give a shit. You can just ball out at a restaurant. You really don't care.

And so he draws this little curve and he's like at at the first level of wealth, it's like he calls it like level zero level one of wealth where it's like, you know, your point oh, one is like a hundred dollars or less than a hundred dollars at that point. Well, a million dollars. Yeah.

A million dollars would be a hundred bucks. Yeah. So he's like, you know, at that point, like, you know, if you're at the grocery store and something costs an extra dollar, like you care, you don't want to buy the eggs that cost $1.99 more.

You care. He's like, then the next level, the next jump up is you're like, well, I don't care at like, you know, the way he draws the chart. It's like, what are restaurant prices?

Then the next one is like, what are vacation prices? It's like, you don't even really care about how much your vacations cost. The next one is like, you know, you could fly first class and then the final one is like, you know, or the next one is like you can buy a crazy house.

You know, you don't really get you're not really feeling house prices as much. And then the final one is like, you know, what are prices anyways, like, you know, there's when you're worth over a hundred million dollars, like at that point, most things don't cost anything to you. And you're pretty insensitive to the cost of it.

So I'm just sort of summarizing the idea, the exact, you know, you can quibble about what you should or shouldn't care about. But I thought it was kind of an interesting number. And the reason I bring it up is very few people that I know are like properly price sensitive.

So there's a lot of people I know, like my dad, who no matter how wealthy they've got, like the sort of like the trauma of not having money is so deeply ingrained in his body that like, you know, Starbucks, he's just like, he's like pissed off when they charge. Even if he buys the coffee and like, he's angry at the price and he's like, oh my God, $4.99. Like I could make this for so much less.

And they're like, sir, you're welcome to do that. And he's like, oh, like what's going on. And, you know, he's anchored to prices from like the 80s when like, you know, that's why I like he thought movie tickets should cost X.

And also, you know, it just like hurts him to spend more than some amount regardless of what's in his bank account. And so he's kind of on one side of the spectrum, too cheap. And then there's another side of the spectrum, which is more where I am, where it's like, dude, you should really kind of like pay attention to this.

You're kind of spending like pretty crazy. And, you know, completely price insensitive is on the other side. And then there's like whatever the sweet spot is.

And then school that don't really teach you how to how to like gauge that or what those kind of like what even should be a good number for this? What should I spend on things? So you don't get nervous.

Like I freak out a little because as an entrepreneur, like some years I just like knock it out the park and make so much money. Other years I make nothing. I mean, hopefully I don't think nothing will ever happen again.

But like there's times you don't get nervous about running out. No, actually, like two months ago, I was like, oh, my God, I have like no cash left, no cash on hand left. I was investing in everything I saw.

I was putting money into startups, into crypto, into stuff. Then I was spending a bunch like my payroll expanded. And I was like, oh, my God, I have like so little cash.

How much cash? I felt that way, too. It was under.

I had 60 grand in cash and I was like, I feel low. Yeah, I think it was like 38,000 was in my like whatever Wells Fargo checking account. I was like, where did all the money go?

This was like, well, and I was like, oh, yeah, I guess. And I looked at the like outgoing thing and it was like, it's not that my spending had gone up. I was really just investing a lot of money, but I was like, wow, I should I need to manage cash.

For most of the time for me, it's like I need to send my invoices for like things, you know, like I was like, all right, I'm going to teach a course and I'm going to invoice, you know, for the podcast. And I'm going to like do the things that bring in like cash today versus most of the things I invest my money into are like long term illiquid things or my own businesses. Right.

Like maybe I should take a withdrawal out of my business and like put money in my bank account. And so so, you know, it's just like a reminder of that. But no, I don't really get too worried about that.

And maybe, you know, again, I think I'm too far on the dial of like willing to spend on whatever. Ramit Sethi, this is pretty much what his entire, not course, but his entire image and content is about, which is like he's got this podcast where two people, couples argue like we have, we're worth $3 million. And he got into a fight with me because I spent $80 on this silly thing.

And Ramit's all about that. It's I have I'm more like your father than I am like you. Like and I think it's just rooted.

It's it's rooted in like trauma, like just fear. I've got the same thing where it's like it's like it bothers me so much. Like, for example, comment to your coffee.

They sent me some for free. It's so good. But it's $1.50 per cup.

And compare that to like your bean coffee. I'm like $1.50. Sometimes I don't even drink the whole thing.

And so like I've been really struggling with like, is that worth it? Is this worth it? Or the backsplash on my sink in my kitchen.

We need to replace it. And it's $800. And I've been fretting over it for over a year now.

I'm like, oh, $800 to replace that. So even though it will add value to the home and also make me happier, I understand why your dad thinks that way. It's really it's real.

I think it's challenging when you're it's like it's like, you know, it's proper trauma. I think of like you felt one way for years and now you suddenly like things are different. Yeah.

Maybe we actually need money therapy, money therapy specifically. I think that's actually a good idea here. So therapy is this broad thing that has like a bunch of associations with it.

And mostly is like stigmas and blah, blah, blah. I think somebody needs to spin off and Ramit sounds like he's kind of doing this, which is money therapy is a great idea. Financial therapy.

And it's like, yeah, I have a money coach or, you know, you probably need to switching therapy to coach is the hack to like, oh, I'm focusing on performance and not like, you know, fixing a broken part of me. But in reality, it's that. I tried finding people like this.

And when I met them, I was like, look, we're just getting to know each other. Not a financial advisor. Different thing.

No, I know. I thought when I go, I would go to therapy for a lot and I would, and I would go when I, whenever I was trying out a new therapist, I'd be like, so I'm not going to like, I'm not trying to sound like a douche or big headed, but like I'm a high, high achiever. Like I want to like conquer the world and like do cool shit.

And so I don't want to talk like this is, this is the, the, the place that I'm coming from. Like I'm high octane, baby. Can we, can we make this happen?

Do you have the tools necessary or no? Or do you like specialize just in like, you know, like traditional. Wait, what, what were you really trying to tell her?

You were trying to tell her that my problems are not like, I'm not broken. I'm trying to like just achieve a higher level of success. Or were you trying to tell her like, I'm an A player.

Are you an A player therapist? Is that what you were trying to ask her? What were you trying to ask him?

No, the blunt way to explain it is I've got rich. I'm, I'm complaining about some rich people problems. Okay.

Got it. And like, I'm just like mostly just insecure about certain things. And I want to like use that to like conquer the world.

I'm not verified on Twitter. Yeah. And like, I'm going to complain about stuff that sounds super weak because like on outside, like everything's going great, but I need you to like empathize that.

Like I'm trying to like go places and I don't need you to tell me that like, well, you made a million dollars that last year. Isn't that good enough? Like, no dog, that's not like, I need you to understand like, well, like what's at stake here?

You know what I mean? And Sam, what is at stake here? That's like, you're better than they ever.

I'm going to be your money therapist. But you know what I mean? Totally.

And so like I would meet people and I'm like, oh, you've only worked with like a certain type of person. You have like, I don't think you understand. I don't think you'll be able to help me.

Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I know what you mean.

It's the reason Tony Robbins gets paid a million dollars plus per client. Cause it's like his clients are Serena Williams and Ray Dalio and you know, or whoever. And he's like crazy rich.

Yeah. And he himself is successful and his other clients are, you know, objectively very successful, but everybody, everybody, you know, can improve the, you know, the little voice in their head. He's like, who switched on one more.

Yeah. He's like crazy. He's like crazy.

He's like crazy. Yeah. Yeah.

Thanks. He's like crazy. He's like crazy.

This iso. He's like crazy. He's an engineering professor.

He's like crazy. So he's like crazy. He's like crazy.

He's like crazy. Yeah. Like crazy.

He's from asses. Yeah. So.

He's a kämpfen.