A lot of people have asked about our office because you see it in videos and it actually has a pretty cool history so we're gonna take two minutes to show you where we work, where we read emails every day and where everyone hangs out. So we don't want to get hit by a car but the brief history behind this office is that Craigslist was started in 1996. Craig Newark, the guy who started Craigslist actually lives right down the street nearby and he started out of this office and Craigslist was actually here up until like I think pretty recently where they had like 50 employees working out of this small house so it's a house but technically it's zoned as an office so let's cross the street and go inside.

For all the hippies out there NUGS.net is located beneath us if you have ever been to like a Grateful Dead or a DMV concert it's like the website for trading mixtapes. I've never been able to prove that Zappos has actually worked here but the sign has been here and you see people on Foursquare checked into the original Zappos office at this location. No proof but we still get Craigsmail on a regular basis.

Okay first room in here. This is our lounge area. People just hang out and have meetings.

Second room. Spill over space. This room's not very fancy.

Okay let's go upstairs. Uh oh. There we go.

This is where all the magic happens. By magic I mean this is where we pack t-shirts and send it to our ambassadors. So we keep all of our swag, hats, hoodies and whenever people become ambassadors.

Once a month we ship them out of here. And uh we thought about turning this into a place to record videos. Who knows if that's ever gonna happen.

Okay here's the second conference room. Very simple. One of the best purchases we've ever made.

This is a $10 mannequin. No brainer. Scott.

Some of our readers asked for an office tour. So this is Scott. He does growth for us.

What's up readers? Here's our kitchen. Packed with this the best.

That's the food you could ask for. Pork rinds. Lots of nuts.

Mix nuts. Gus is hungry. Alright.

Here's one of the workspaces. There's a care. We don't actually have our name in this room but we should have.

Here's the whole team. Here's how we stay organized. Okay.

So we've got one person in Austin. Another person in Minnesota. We won't distract them.

Um this is where we pull them up for video so we can talk to them. And then it looks like we've got a book club going on this week. The attention merchants is what we're reading.

Oh you're looking at our goals. So when we first started we actually only had one room here. And we slowly expanded and we didn't want to buy desks because we weren't sure what it was and was not going to fit.

So we actually made our own desk with cement blocks and pieces of wood. It only cost like $200 but every time we've moved we've just been able to chop the wood and repurpose it. And this way we've saved a ton of money.

And it just looks cooler. Okay quick interruption. Here's our riders room.

Sup. John normally sits here. He's walking the dog.

Yeah. Yeah we got a chair. I got some sick stuff.

I got this little foam donut. I won it because I ate so many. We'll have to show a preview of her like.

Yeah cut. Smash cut to donut eat it. Yeah.

We'll do a water bottle game going. Cold coffee. Just old coffee more or so.

All your liquids. And my station. This is called my station.

Kendall can you explain what the board is? Yeah this is our editorial calendar. We have a digital backup.

Don't worry. But it just helps us visualize what we have coming up. Color coded of course.

Ads, content related things, everything we need to know. So we don't forget to make money. Make money.

That's this room. That's the riders room. And I think that's it.

You've seen the entire office. Except for the bathroom. Which I'm going to go use right now.

There we go. We can just edit that.