Okay, you want to get into some stuff? You want to talk about coronavirus? Yeah, coronavirus.

Okay, so I'm terrified of coronavirus. And, you know, generically, I'm terrified. You know, I was terrified without information.

And then I started looking into it a little bit more. I don't even know about it. Can you explain what the coronavirus is?

Yeah, so basically, there's a couple of these viruses. They're influenza strains. And so...

The flu? The flu, yeah. So basically, a few years ago, you probably heard, you know, SARS or swine flu.

And so, you know, the very first time I think SARS happened, there was, you know, a kid got this flu, goes to the doctor's office. They're like, okay, this is the flu. And kid dies within, like, a very short amount of time.

They're like, well, that was odd. That doesn't usually happen. So they took a sample and sent it to, like, the CDC or whoever, right?

Like, they sent it to some lab to say, you know, what do you see here? This was a very unusual case. The health deteriorated so quick.

That's not typical to the flu. And what they realized was, hey, this is a new strain called, I think it was like H1N5 at the time. And it was like, this is only ever found in animals.

This is the first time it's crossed over from animal to human. And so that was bird flu when that happened. And then so there's been these different sort of very, very deadly viruses.

SARS, which was very, very popular. MERS, which happened in the Middle East. Respiratory syndrome is what's kind of what these, you know, Middle East Respiratory, I think, syndrome is what MERS stands for.

And SARS is sort of the same thing. And so the thing with these was that, you know, although there's a lot of hoopla around SARS and bird flu, like SARS killed less than 1,000 people. Less than 1,000 total fatalities.

Not a big drop in the bucket as far as the death bucket goes on Earth. Coronavirus already killed like 3,000 plus people. So already much bigger than that.

But the reason it's scary, though, is actually, and for a while people were like, oh, don't worry. The fatality rate is low. Fatality rate's like, I don't know, 3% for this.

Whereas for SARS, it was like super high. I don't know. I don't know the exact number.

But it's like majority of people who have it die. Whereas with this, 3% means you get it, but you have a good chance of living. But the big problem with that and the article that I read was called Why We Probably Can't Contain Coronavirus.

Why you probably are going to end up getting coronavirus is because this virus is extremely contagious. But has these trademarks that are very problematic. So it takes a while for your symptoms to show up.

So you have it and you carry it for like, you know, 14 days without showing symptoms. So you'll be spreading this around and not even realizing you have it. Then once you have it, you don't just like deteriorate and like your health doesn't go to shit where they, you know, you're in the hospital.

They quarantine you. It's like, you know, it starts innocent and it gets worse over time. So the infectious period is so much longer that there's basically no way to quarantine this thing.

There is no way for us to contain this. And so what the article was saying was like, ironically, because it is not as fatal and it's not as bad for you right away. This thing is going to be unstoppable.

Most likely case. Second thing with that was, I guess there's four like, you know, typical strains of the flu, which is why you can get your flu shot and still catch the flu every year. So there's these four different strains and the vaccine doesn't cover sort of all the different variations.

And and so this guy's case was that most likely this is now just a fifth annual, you know, strain that we're going to have to live with. And it's just going to suck. It's a very, very, you know, kind of a downer.

Also, I'm sure, you know, sort of the bio nerds out there are going to be like, no, there's 15 million strains. That's right. But like, that's the summary that I took away.

And if you want to just get the point, that's the point. And so what you have up here is D2C stuff. So like my I looked at my portfolio yesterday.

I was like, fuck. So I lost money yesterday off the stock market. So crazy shit's happening all around.

So generically stock market, you know, people get paranoid bonds. You know, people flee to bonds. Stock goes down.

That sort of thing. Other funny stuff happening. You know, Zoom, the conferencing software.

So the stock ticker Zoom goes up 50% today. Wait, shit. It's up 50% today?

But wait, there's more. It's the stock ticker Z-O-O-M. Zoom.

But that's not Zoom's actual handle. Zoom's actual handle is Z-M. So people are buying the wrong stock because they think people are going to be working from home and teleconferencing in.

And so they're buying Zoom, which does something else altogether. It's a very small cap stock. I don't know.

Henry, check what the stock for Z-O-O-M actually does. God bless. And it's a tiny stock, so it jumped 50% today.

And like, you know, but you can actually predict this because this happened also at the IPO. Whoever bought Zoom the other thing got his huge pop at Zoom's IPO because of this. And so we could have predicted this one.

I love when that happens. But all kinds of fucked up things. Some other things.

Smart friends are basically saying, hey, if you need... Smart friends? My smart friends, you know, people who actually read the real information and like understand how the world works.

They were like, hey, if you need prescription drugs, you should start stockpiling because most of it's coming from China and the supply chain globally is fucked. And like the world doesn't have... Who said that?

Like friend of a friend, basically. But how the fuck do you stockpile prescription meds? Basically buy up, buy your refills.

And so there's no global plan B for what happens if China gets sick or slowed down. We don't have another like supply chain. And so all kinds of things are suffering.

And I have friends that have D2C companies that buy their shit from China. And they're saying, shit. Yeah, months backed up.

I was talking to a supplier yesterday and he was like, even if we come back to work, there's, you know, all the other factories that we depend on, the printing factory, the packaging guys, and they're not coming... Like the workers are just not coming back because in most factories in China, the workers don't actually live in that city permanently. So for Chinese New Year, which is when this happened.

So Chinese New Year is a month long holiday. Yeah, well, we have a Chinese intern. He told us all about it.

He goes, it's the largest travel day in the world. Right. Because every Chinese person goes home.

Everybody goes home. And when they go home, they go back to very rural areas. And already there's this problem where they don't come, you know, often they don't come back because, you know, they don't want to be living in some other city working in a factory.

But with this, people are just not coming back. And so there's no replacements. It's like a very dire situation.

Well... And like, obviously at a human level, also incredibly dire situation. So to turn shit into gold, where's the opportunity here?

I mean, what's going to happen? Do you think that this is going to impact, have long-term impact with China making shit and you have to go elsewhere? I don't know.

So there's a question of like, so two theories. One is for stuff like this, the people who are going to do really well, they didn't start now. They started something two years ago, a blog on being a prepper or whatever.

And today's your day, you know, like this is your month. And so I don't think the, I don't know how much I am interested in the sort of like today opportunity. Also, she feels kind of fucked up.

We talked about Judy the other day. Right. The Judy sort of survival kits or bags.

My friend Joe Spicer bought something from like survivor kit.com and he got an email from them saying we have a hundred times our normal volume. We apologize, but we're going to make it happen. Right.

So those, the Judy thing that, which, uh, the respiratory masks, those are not in the Judy bag, but the respiratory masks are just like out of stock. You can't get them. And that's like the thing you need is like to protect your nose and mouth.

Yeah, that's long gone. No one can pounce on that. But, um, we covered this guy who launched a company called, um, Judy, is it Judy?

Judy. Yeah. Judy.

It's a emergency kit. Yep. An orange, like emergency backpack.

Ready to go. Uh, my wife texted me today and said, let's go and buy a bunch of stuff. I feel the same way.

More people are doing this. Have you ever been in an emergency situation, by the way? Have you ever like been in a city when like a flood happens or anything like that?

It's really bizarre how it feels. No. I was in Hawaii.

Our honeymoon, there was a hurricane in Hawaii. Oh, I left our honeymoon when I was there. And so we went to the grocery store and at first we go to the hotel and they're like, Hey, um, we have early checking available.

And we're like, well, that's cool. Thanks. Cause we're a honeymoon.

And they're like, no, we just have like a lot of open rooms. No one's there. I was like, what's going on?

They're like, well, have you seen the weather report? Like there's our hurricane this week. And of course I don't check the weather.

So I booked my honeymoon on a hurricane week. And, um, so we go to the grocery store and it's like the zombie attack has happened. Like all the water bottles are gone.

Like the shelves are empty. People are just checking out like four carts worth. It's really like, it's an odd, eerie, eerie feeling when that happens.

And so on. Don't you want to get it here. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.