This other thing I think is really interesting. So the adventure book, let me tell you about this story. Have you heard?

Do you know what this is, this product, the adventure book? I have no idea what it is. Ben, have you ever heard of this thing?

Okay. All right. So you guys are also not on TikTok enough.

This is like the number one ad on TikTok that I see. I don't know if I'm just in the market or they just run a shit ton of ads, but I've been seeing it for like a year. So basically it's a it's kind of it's a book you buy and it's like a high quality big book.

And what it is is like there's a bunch of imagine like a scratch off like a lottery. So there's a bunch of things you can much of adventures that you could scratch off. So you open the book to a random adventure.

You scratch it off and it reveals a thing you're going to go do. Like it might be like, I don't know. I've never bought the book.

So like, you know, bad example, but like, you know, you're going to go into a store today and you give out ten compliments to people in the store or you're going to go streaking around your neighborhood or whatever, like an adventure, a thing you can go do. And so this idea and they pair with it like a camera. So you you're supposed to take a Polaroid of you doing it.

So it becomes a scrapbook. So on one side, it triggers you to go do something that you've never done or that's like, you know, get you out of your comfort zone. And then it gives you the ability to capture it and paste.

You glue the photo in and it becomes this memory book of all your adventures, like cool kind of novel idea. So I had seen this and I was like, that's a cute idea. It's novel idea.

What I didn't realize is this is a hundred million dollar business that was created in the last like two years. So how do I know this? You know, like for the podcast, I don't know if you get these emails, but I definitely do.

There's a bunch of people that have like booking agents and we get all these emails, which is like, hey, Sean, love my first million. Have you thought about having, you know, Joe, Joe on? And you're like, you know, it's like, oh, first they're complimenting me.

So I like open it and I'm like, it's like, I don't want to be a member of any club that will have me, you know? So it's like, that's how I feel about the guest thing. So normally I write all these off, but this one caught my eye, which was they said, would you like to have Brian Ellis on?

He is a high school dropout now. It was a hundred million dollar business called the Adventure Challenge. And I was like, it's like that adventure book thing.

And so I replied, I go, a hundred million dollars. No way. That sounds high.

And she goes, yeah, like it's been incredible. They've grown, blah, blah, blah. And I said, I just like clarify, I'm like a hundred million cumulative revenue, annual revenue.

What are you saying here? And and so she goes, yeah, like they'll do 85 million in revenue this year. And they have a few big, bigger partnerships that distribution partnerships that will get them over a hundred, like in the next year.

And, you know, so the business is valued over a hundred million dollars with 85 million in revenue. And I was like, what the fuck? And so I go and I start researching this.

And so here's the story. So this guy, Bryant, he's so I couldn't confirm the high school dropout part. I don't know if that was just like some post fact shit, like like to make this sound better, but like, let's assume it's true.

So high school dropout, I think his job was he had some job, which was like he was a skyscraper inspector. So he was like, you know, some low man on the totem pole doing a job he didn't love. And he's like, all right, I'm just doing this for the money.

He wanted to make a business. Like he just he's like my whole life, I just always been I always have ideas. And and, you know, I wanted to come create a product.

It's like, so I'm doing this job and I had this idea to do to do this like adventure box. So his original idea was take a machine, create a box like a machine and you push a button and it's like, like prints out a receipt. The receipt is like the adventure you're going to go on.

So you get like a random adventure that comes out. Cool idea. Right.

And it's so that was the original idea. And he's like, I just tells a couple of people about it. They're like, oh, yeah, that's cool.

And he's like, great. But he's doing his job and he hasn't really figured out exactly how to do it or whatever. And he's like, he's like, OK, what he's he's he.

Everything's like on hold until he gets fired from his job. And he like he makes a mistake. They think he committed fraud.

His boss is like, no, no, no, this honest mistake. But either way, he gets fired. He's like, all right, shit.

What do I want to do? So he's like, I want to go to acting school. So he's like, I'm going to go to acting school, but I need to pay for life.

So he's like, I need to create a side hustle that's going to make me two thousand dollars a month. That's my goal. And he's like, he's like, what about that adventure box challenge thing?

And he's like the idea over the course of a few months had had like evolved. And he's like, all right, what if it was actually like a book that you could scratch off the adventure? And so he tells a couple of people about it and they're like, that's actually a really cool idea.

You should do it. And so he goes to Hobby Lobby and he buys some paper, some of the scratch off material. And he's like buys a kid goes to a different story, buys a camera.

And he's like starts coming up with this idea. And he basically spends six to eight months prototyping this idea because nobody had really done a like kind of like an adventure style scratch off book before. So he's like creating an actual physical product.

And so he's like he has this idea and he just keeps telling people about it. And so he he gets to the point where he's prototyped the idea several times. And there's videos I found online of like he's creating a vlog while he's doing he's like, all right, it's 11 p.m.

April 1st. I just got this really cool material for the scratch off. I really like this one, but I'm having trouble with the bindings, you know, and he's like, so maybe I'll try this other thing tomorrow.

And then like he has the next video, you know, a week later. He's like, OK, I figured out the bindings part and now I need to figure out this other thing. I love seeing the start, the early stages of these ideas.

So he creates a Kickstarter. He's like, I'm going to do a Kickstarter. It's going to be great.

I want to raise ten thousand dollars for this book. And Kickstarter goes live. He makes thirteen hundred dollars the first day and he's like, fuck, yeah, I'm the man.

He goes to a coffee shop. He's strutting in. He's like, I made thirteen hundred dollars today.

I don't know about you guys. I'll take, you know, your best. Give me your finest coffee.

And he's like, all right, you know, we're already 13 percent of the way of the goal. Let's keep going. But day two, four hundred dollars.

Day three, zero dollars. And like the Kickstarter like runs out of steam. He's like, shit, I was kind of just banking on this going viral.

And now it's not viral. So what now? And so he's like, all right, basically, he's going to throw in the towel.

He's like for only seventeen hundred dollars. I can't even get the quality of book made that I want. Maybe I'll just quit.

So he's like, I need to get a job to pay for life. You know, like I'm out of money. And so he's like, he's like, oh, maybe I'll contact my buddy.

I don't forget his name, but Ben, my buddy Ben to to get a sales job. He has like this company. I can do sales.

So he calls him up. He gets a sales. He's like, I want to do a sales job.

I want to do it for one year and I'm just saving up money so I go back out there and build a product. And the guy's like, all right, cool, that's fine. Like you're up front about it.

Like I'm down with that. Let's do it. So he gets a sales job there.

And while he's there, he's telling people at work this idea. He can't shut up about the idea. And and the guy there was like, you know, have you tried ads?

He's like, oh, dude, nobody clicks ads like ads like ads like ads or scams, basically. Like that's his mentality at the time. And the guy's like, no, like that's how we grow our business.

Like, you know, you should try. So he puts a little money in the ads. He's like, I don't know if it worked or not.

But like, you know, I got this like 10x row as. And the guy's like, what? Like, no way.

And he's like, yeah, like people really like the ad or whatever. And so the guy, he partners with his buddy, the guy who hired him. And he I'm fast forwarding some parts of the story, but basically ends up leaving.

That guy partners with him. That guy's like, look, we're going to grow this thing through ads. And and they basically run a shit ton of TikTok ads, Facebook ads, whatever.

And they've grown this thing to now 85. If this is true, $85 million in sales. They've sold about 2 million copies of this book.

It's like a $40 book, which is like, you know, something 70 something million dollars in sales if you do the math. And and yeah, what an adventure. And now they have like a couple's book.

So you like 50 fun adventures to go on with your date. They have a family book. Here's some things to do with your family, a friend's book and then a by yourself book.

And yeah, it's kind of amazing. There. Right.

Like, where are we talking about 150 Sanskrit people who tweet drive to come inside? Theyезж world millionaire. So we are talking about 40.

Elijah, they're part? And then you're like, wait, what do you leave the生活iman which is a twelfth family? Yeah.

Cory, like trying to catch all these things. That's possible. This We find you lot ofwwww languages when you check on my arrival from Barnes and Gao, whose Apparently wrong everything.

That's the truth. That's true because of me. Like trying to.

SoBecause definitely. His journey to go on with your entire planet in a Grove eating heading from somewhere else. You take a walk and totally different width of something.

I like making your wife's Tamblerweile, which is somebody tell me, not how many times like that you think.