Another great opportunity right now is free. So I look at the whole software market as really backwards. Okay.

In which right now, it doesn't matter if you're HubSpot or Canva, eventually someone can just create a me too company and just undercut you on pricing. And what I've learned is if you can create a software company that already has a brand that has a free product and you just make it really good for free and you just keep adding more and more to it. A great example of this is PhotoP.

There's this company called PhotoP. It's a... We love it.

Photoshop. And it's like, they make very little to no money. So I had up one of my buddies who is great at outreaching and I told him I want PhotoP.

I offered him 10 million. He said, no, offered him 20 million. He said, no.

I can take PhotoP, make it a really good Canva competitor, undercut them on pricing. Whatever be worth 10, 20, 40 billion, whatever they are, no. But I probably can cash flow that thing to like four or five million a month in EBITDA.

Right? It's like, who cares what it sells for, what it's worth. And then I can make...

You're saying make it free and you're saying a cash flow is like a motherfucker. So how do you take a free product and cash flow like a motherfucker? How would you explain that?

Well, he said a Canva knockoff. Canva knockoff. So you make almost 99% of it for free.

You charge for 1%, but that 1% is enough where you can drive in the revenue. So you don't ever make as much as like a Canva or like a MailChimp or a HubSpot. But hey, if you can make millions a month in profit, it's still good.

What's your math there? So what's the calculus when you were thinking? So like, let's say Photopea, according to similar web has 10 million uniques a month or something.

What was your math? Is that right? Yeah, it is right.

We researched it. Yeah. So like, what was your calculus to get to 4 million in EBITDA a month?

Like what would, how many people would you need to run it? And what was the, what's the calculus there? Sure.

So I can probably get the thing from 10 million visitors. I can, so let's say I bought it for 20, right? He wouldn't sell it to me for 20.

I've never outreached him, but I had a buddy outreach to him for me who just does all my outreach. So let's say I bought it for 20. I would put another 10 into it.

So now I'm out $30 million. I'm really good at growing traffic. And I know I can grow the team to roughly 40 million uniques a month.

I just have a, I don't know how, but for some weird reason, I know traffic really well and how to calculate what I can get it to and all this kind of stuff. Right. And I've done enough research to competitors of what features drive X amount of traffic, just looking at so many competitors in the space.

So let's say if I get it to 40, what is it called? 40 million. And what, what, what, what are the one or two things that you'd get at the 40 million?

Like SEO, basically. So more SEO, more virality, increasing the quality of the templates, increasing features, adding AI in there, like click a button. You can automatically detect backgrounds, remove it filters for social media.

Cause a lot of people use them for social media. Logo generator website as a lead gen shit like that. Right.

So then, so let's say you got it to 40 million, right? At 40 million, I can easily monetize. Let's call it like 1% of the traffic, but let's be even more conservative, like a half or a percent, 200,000 people.

If I have 200,000 people hypothetically paying $3 a month. Okay. That's 600,000.

The reason I give you on average $3 in certain countries, you may want to charge different pricing, like India and stuff like that. So it's more affordable. So $3 a month.

And at $3 a month, if a customer stays for 10 months, that's $6 million. You can probably run the thing with less than a million, million and a half and burn each month. So then you think, so then for a million and a half burn, you would need.

Once you have tons of revenue, right? When you don't have tons of revenue, your burn is much lower on a monthly basis. So then how many people, then if it's, you're looking at 30 people, you would need to run that operation.

I don't even think 30, but let's say 30 total. So I think I can actually run the thing for under a million dollars a month. Right.

So I'm just trying to do the math in my head, but I mean, Revenue was under a million to two there. It was like 600,000 or something, right? 600,000 a month.

But if a customer stays for 10 months, you're looking at $6 million. And there's no, no, no, no. Okay.

If they're paying $3 a month, if you have four 40 million, not 4 million, but 40 million, you're converting a half a percent. That's 200,000 paying customers a month. If they pay you $3 a month, that's 600,000.

They last for 10 months. That's $6 million a month in MRR over a year. You're making $72 million in revenue.

That's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy.

That's crazy. That's crazy. That's crazy.

Wasn't that long ago that this whole operation was just the captain, me, and a couple of parrots. But HubSpot helped us grow our business across all seven seas. Hey, celebratory cannons!

HubSpot. Grow better.ordoing volunteers will grow better. YouTube byこの、早σι Beliows Luca Raditzぐるをアクセプロールの数 Wanを指で撮っную券ってみますそんだ