Kirkland brand sells 39 billion dollars of products So brand lists people don't know they went out of business what they were trying to do was They were like look don't pay for the name brand You should just have high quality products and they should just be brand lists and Because we take away the name brand we can lower the price that was like the initial promise or the premise of the business awesome idea Awesome idea. I'm glad you said that because a lot of people are shitting on them now because they like failed But I still think fucking awesome idea and actually of course ironically brand lists is a good brand And so I think that that was really cool They raised a shit ton of money from softbank like 200 million dollars before they really achieved any product market fit and That sort of like was the death note for the company because it was just the expectations when you raise 200 million is You're gonna be you know a billion dollar plus company And if you do that too early and you haven't actually proven out your model you haven't figured it all out what expectations crush the business I actually so I didn't prepare because I just thought about this, but what do you what's the biggest grocery store chain in America? You think Albertons maybe Safeway.

I don't know. Okay, let's do Safeway. Can you look up?

Try and find this just just a headline trying to tell me what the revenue or how many sales like Generic brands for grocery stores or like the Kirkland brand or whatever how much revenue the Kirkland brand does Well, I mean I bet you it's astronomical and so actually I mean if you think about what brand list could become it is the generic The the generic brand trusted Kirkland brand. Yeah, I think and I think it's a great idea Yeah, the problem was that they raised all that money right off the bat. I have I have a problem.

There was some Incompetence with leadership. I don't actually know this. Yeah Kirkland brand sells 39 billion dollars of products Fuck Henry quick with the trigger.

I like that. What's that source? What's the source you think he's lying you think he's making this up Wow 38 billion dollars in one year So so one thing I loved is I Okay, and that's just Kirkland Kirkland crazy So I I listened to her on a podcast tina sharky.

I think is her name and she's like an internet. Oh, gee She's been around with a bunch of companies All of which I think have not done super great, but She went on this podcast. She said this thing that I liked which was she was like think back to when you were a child And like let's walk from room to room you're in the laundry room What brand are you gonna see you're gonna see whatever you know tide you're gonna see whatever go to the pantry What are you gonna see you're gonna see fruit roll up and Pop tarts and all this stuff and then open up your fridge What are you gonna see and you see these brands and actually it's kind of like You've seen these stats where the s&p 500 turns over like I don't know 20 of the s&p 500 turns over every every decade Basically, the same thing happens with these household brands these brands that seem like Staples of your home, right?

A lot of them are like like minute made. It's like fuck minute made you're out like, you know now Tang yeah tang, you know like these brands just like like they are not they can come and go Generationally they don't all make it from one mom to the next mom and I actually believe that premise and she was like look the moms of this generation They don't want to pay for this like The consumer package good brand in the same way they want to know it's high quality ingredients Sourced you know ethically and you know, they don't want to overpay. They want to be you know value conscious So I liked a lot of the premise I'm sad it didn't work, but somebody I believe I believe you should just go out today and pitch I'm brandless without soft bank and I think I would I would invest in credible entrepreneur.

I agree with you I think I had three people reach out to me that said hey, can you ask? Can you introduce me to the people who are selling brandless? I mean, I don't know them But I just tweeted it and I got an intro and I introduced three different people who are wanting to buy The assets and what are the what are the assets?

What are you getting you get the name? Maybe a little some inventory probably okay the name and email list and then Unfortunately, probably a bunch of an incompetent team Right no disrespect, but look if they couldn't pull it off there by definition Well, you'll you'll need to restart for sure, right? You'll need a clean slate and you need to lower the burn Yeah, um I think it's cool.

I would probably charge a map. Did you membership? They did a subscription because they started off with everything was three bucks I forgot to mention that that was like a key selling point like dude, I think everything's three bucks looks like three dollar store And people say the cac was too high that it cost too much to acquire customers.

That's probably true But like wish is doing it