This may not be the best acquisition ever, but I'll be damned if it isn't up there. Yeah. Right?

Like, I think that he bought this. I don't know the exact number, but he bought the majority of OnlyFans for, I think, single-digit millions of dollars. Maybe low double digits, possibly low double digits.

But let's even say it was $10 million. This is now a more than $10 billion company. I want to start the episode with a survey for the listener.

Oh. And we'll actually let John and Ben chime in. So just, Ben, turn your camera on so I can see your face.

All right. So we're going to start with the survey. So on Monday morning at 7.30 a.m., I wake up from a text from Sean.

And here's what the text says. It goes, hey, you got good topics for tomorrow? I just texted Emmett from Twitch to do a pod, and he said he'll do it tomorrow.

So I'm going to drive to San Francisco tomorrow and record an interview with him. And so what I want, Jonathan and Ben, turn your cameras on. What I want you to do, a thumbs up if you think that it's the first one, a thumbs down if you think it's the second one.

Do you think that this text means, okay, in lieu of Sam and Sean recording together, I'm going to do one with Emmett? Or do you think that this means, in addition to the recording tomorrow, I'm also going to do one with Sam and Sean? Thumbs up for the first one, thumbs down for the second one.

All right. Great. I just wanted to make sure I'm not crazy.

And I want to know. Oh, Ben, the betrayal. Oh, you too, Ben.

You too. So I thought that that's what it meant. And when I heard that, I was like, all right, so I have some free time between 11 and noon.

Ladies and gentlemen, the jury, let me just say this. Would I say, do you have good topics for the pod tomorrow? If we weren't going to do a pod with good topics together?

I don't know. Seems like that might be something that, you know, that we're going to do. All right.

Well, I just want to see what the audience thinks. So whatever. I have a bunch of topics today.

What do you have? I got, bro, you think you've got a bunch of topics I got? Well, however many topics you have, add one.

That's how many topics I got. Well, I see a big list. You have like an interesting, you have a few interesting things.

You want to kick us off with something? Let's start with this. Yeah.

So we've talked a lot about one business on this podcast, probably more than any other podcast has talked about this business. I would say we are the champions of this company. We are the ones out here letting people know that this company is legit, that this company is big, that this company is very interesting.

Everybody's overlooking it. We've been saying it for years. Are you even a paying customer of this company?

I'm not a paying customer because I'm a married man. Well, you can be a married man and be a customer. But like, I've never paid for it.

I'm not a paying customer because free porn exists. And I'm talking about OnlyFans. So OnlyFans is annual numbers leaked.

And not leaked, actually. What happened was actually kind of interesting. You know this, but maybe a lot of people who are listening don't.

And there are some people who are listening to this company. Which is that any company that is based in the UK, whether it's private or public, has to report at the end of the year sort of a financial summary. And the bigger your company is, the more data you have to include.

Basically like a public company you have to report like. Like a public company. So in the US, if it's public, you can go look up their information, maybe the quarterly earnings, or you can go find their S1.

But if it's a private company, you're just shit out of luck. You're just guessing. But if you go to OnlyFans.com and you scroll down to the privacy policy, you click privacy policy, you will see that OnlyFans is run by a company called Phoenix International Limited.

And what is Phoenix International Limited? It is a company based in the UK. So if you go to the, there's an entity called Companies House.

And Companies House is where all of the company information is housed. And so if you go there, you can find, you can look up Phoenix International Limited. And then you can look at filing history.

And you can see that there are several reports. So reports about this director replacing this director. But the one you want to, the one you care about is the one that basically says, here is the 2022 financial summary.

Year-end financial summary. And when you go to that, you're going to see the following picture of a business. OnlyFans is a business that generated or collected 5.6 billion in revenue in 2022.

Its take on that, it was 20%. So their company took 1.1 billion. So for every $4 a creator makes, they make $1.

On that 1.1 billion in net revenue, 525 million of profit. So this company is spitting off half a billion a year of profit. Pay a little tax.

The after-tax profit is still $400 million. And then the beauty of it is if you scroll down to the, I don't know, the balance sheet, somewhere down right after the P&L, it says dividends. And it shows that the owner, Leo, took $338 million in dividends last year.

Oh, my God. And the year before that, he took like $200 something million. This guy has taken out $550 million of dividends in the last two years off this business.

Which is just incredible. Because let me remind you, this is a company that he bought in 2018. This is five years.

What did he, he bought it for? Do you know what he paid for? Non-public information.

But he bought 75% of the business at the time for what I believe was low millions of dollars. Was he wealthy before that? Yes.

So Leo is a kind of a gangster of the internet. And he, by the way, if you just go to his website, his website's awesome. So there's really two things I love about his website.

He's a listener, I think. Well, that's one of the things I love about the website. If you go to his website, which is just his name, leoradvinsky.com.

Um, if you go to things I like, so he's got a things I like, and then the very first category podcasts, the very first one of two podcasts is my first million. So he's a listener of the pot, which was, you know, just a cool thing. Fun, fun thing to see.

But I love his website because I love when people sort of put up their flag and they're like, yo, this is what I'm all about. And it just, they just make it really easy for you to just understand. Here's who I am.

Here's what I do. Here's what I'm into. And if I'm into this, if you're into those same sort of things, we'll probably get along.

So his, his main thing says he's a software company, architect, angel investor, and open source software support. This guy gives millions of dollars a year to open source projects that probably would have died had he not done that. Um, he is, he's a huge supporter of, of open source software and sort of like a, uh, uh, he's like, you know, like a sort of, uh, freedom entrepreneur, right?

He wants projects that are increasing the overall amount of freedom in the universe. So whether it's, uh, he'll fund these open source social networks that are like, um, like a mastodon type of, type of social network that are, are not owned or controlled by like Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk. Like one private company closed source owned by a mega billionaire.

He's funds projects that are alternatives to those. And listen to this. Also, if you go to his, so you see like he has sections about me projects, open source things.

I like, if you click projects. Only fans, isn't even number one of the listed projects. It's number two number.

And he just, it just says like one paragraph and it says what it is. But number one is some open source project. That's what he has listed.

Yeah. B before X he's like, uh, before X is like tools for rapid prototyping development, you know, Microsoft discontinued visual basics and before X stepped in to try to make this happen, probably would have died. You know, basically like I, when I looked into this, it probably would have died.

And then 2019, he decided to, um, put a ton of money into it just so that this project could stay alive. And, um, so then like under giving, he's like, yeah, I don't, I don't need a bunch of my time, effort, and money to causes I care about. Um, including open source initiatives and traditional charities.

My goal one day is to sign the giving pledge. To sign the giving pledge, you need a billion dollar net worth. I'm pretty sure he has like a multi-billion dollar net worth.

Now I think he's achieved this goal because in the five years, and you can go look at the company filings, but like 2019, 2018, the company has like, he pulls out like 1.5 million in dividends. And so in like a three year period, he went from pulling out 1.5 million in dividends to 250 and then $340 million in dividends out of this company. So this accelerated extremely quickly.

And I think like, you know, there's all these great tech acquisitions. There's like, uh, you know, Google buying YouTube for a billion dollars, probably worth 50 billion now. Facebook buying Instagram for a billion dollars, probably worth a hundred billion.

Now this may not be the best acquisition ever, but I'll be damned if it isn't up there. Yeah. Right.

Like I think that he bought this. I don't know that. I don't know the exact number, but he bought majority of only fans for, I think, single digit millions of dollars, maybe low double digits, possibly low double digits, but let's even say it was $10 million.

This is now a more than $10 billion company. So he turned, let's just pretend it was $10 million into essentially $10 billion of value. Personally, not a fund, not a company.

This is him. This is one guy. Who owns the other 25%?

And is there a story of him buying this and like what he saw? Because like I would, if, if, if this was me five years ago, I would have been like, dude, this would never, this will never work. Right.

I mean, everyone would have said that. So it was already kind of, it was already working in a very small scale. So this guy, Guy Stokely was the founder.

Uh, and if you go look at Guy Stokely, he looks like an Instagram model. Um, he is like a, uh, like every picture of him, he's flanked by seven women. And, uh, the story is the, that Guy Stokely, his dad's in the finance world.

He takes a small loan of like 10,000 pounds from his dad starts only fans. And, um, they kind of co-owned the business or whatever. It's like a father and son was like sort of the origin of this.

It's a good bonding. Yeah. Yeah.

Some guys like golf, some guys like fishing, some, some fathers and sons start only. It's like, right? Like that's, that's amazing.

And, um, I don't know why he sold or when he sold, but, um, uh, yeah, uh, Leo approaches them and they buy, and he buys the business. He, at the time it was reported that he bought, uh, 75% of the business. I don't know if later he bought the rest.

I suspect he did because there's one of these filings that Guy Stokely has removed as a director in the company. So, uh, maybe he just voluntarily stepped down. I don't know.

You just, you know, at some point you're just reading a bunch into these statements. You can't say for sure exactly how it happened. And this whole thing was very secretive.

In fact, when I first found out about Leo owning only fans at the time, nobody knew who owned only fans. It was not clear. There's nothing on the internet.

Um, this was several years ago and I was trying to figure it out. I couldn't figure it out. And then I get a message from somebody who's, who's like, Hey, I know the guy who owns only fans and he loves the pot.

I was like, Whoa, that's cool. Like I've been trying to find who owns this thing. I wanted to invest in this.

And, um, anyways, that's how we kind of like, uh, we ended up having a chat. Uh, you know, I want to meet this guy someday. He's got a really interesting story.

So now there's like a photo of him on the internet and there's, he's a very private guy, but now a little more information has come out about him. Um, very early on, I think when he was a teenager, like 15, 16 years old, he got into the business of first, I think like domaining. So he would basically buy and sell like hundreds of domains, like maybe thousands of domains.

In fact, there's like a, some, he got sued at some point, someone there's like a court filing of like, here's a thousand domains that this guy still owns. And it's just like every variation of, uh, like, you know, sort of like websites that you can imagine, many of which were sort of in the adult category. And then he creates my free cams and my free cams basically took over the cam girl market.

And, um, I think that site still makes great money. You know, that's how he, I think he got very, very rich was off that site. Um, and he used that money then to invest and to parlay that into other, other businesses, but he, he owns a portfolio of these businesses and now Phoenix international, which is only fans has become a major, major one.

Um, this is amazing in a lot of different ways. One, it's amazing that company's house, which always a weird name. I hate saying that it's companies, plural company's house.

It's amazing that that exists. And it's one of my favorite places to do research. Um, it's amazing how fast this grew.

Would you, would you invest in this company or do you not do like? Yeah, I tried to several times, you know, the problem was they didn't need any investment. They were making so much money.

So I was like, uh, Hey, um, I can add value. And I was like, ah, I don't even, you know, why am I really, you're crushing it. What are you, what am I going to do here?

Right? Like, Hey, I'm a fan. I think I'm a good hang.

Can I invest? That's really ultimately what my pitch was. It's like, I'm a fan of what you're doing.

Um, unlike most people, I don't just like, you know, at the time when I was saying this stuff, like, oh, you guys had a it's over time become more and more mainstream over time, become more and more accepted as a thing. That's legitimate. At the time it was seen as very, um, very sketchy.

It was sort of the butt of the joke. And, um, yeah, so I definitely would have invested in this. Um, I wanted to, they were doing so well that I don't think they ultimately needed to needed any investment.

Now, the one thing they do need is liquidity. Uh, like, you know, he's taken massive dividends, which is great. Like, you know, they could realize a several billion dollar liquidity event if they could go public or if they could sell, but there's no buyer and it's hard to go public with a business like this.

And so I think, you know, I don't know what they're going to do with it, but, uh, you know, it's not a bad plan B to just suck out hundreds of millions in dividends every year. It's fine. Yeah.

I was going to say, is that what he wants? I don't know why you'd ever want to go public with it. I don't know if he wants that, but you always want the option, right?

Like any business person would want the option, whether you take it or not. It's secondary. In fact, most of the things in my life I'm pushing for and people are like, do you want this?

And I'm like, oh, I haven't even gotten there yet. All I want is the option. And if I have the option off, then I can think what, what I definitely know is.

I don't not want the option. Right. And I think that's just a better way to operate as a business person is to, uh, to make sure you have the options on the table for you.

At $400 million a year and a dividend. Yeah. Yeah.

Unless you're in a company, there's probably only five or 10, I would imagine people getting have who have in the world, or at least in America who have, who have higher income. like I remember Steve Schwartzman from Blackstone one year made a billion dollars and then the other guy is like what's the guy's name is it Griffith or Griffin the like it's usually just like Ken Griffin it's usually like the top five or ten hedge fund managers who make this and they're actually if they're the best there it's barely reliable but they're like those are the guys who are buying the hundred million dollar apartments in New York you know like the Bill Ackmans and there's probably only ten of them maybe twenty but like that income you'd be the highest in America in the top 30 or something like that you know what I mean so like I don't know man I would probably still own that well this is cool one thing that's cool about this guy by the way when I talk to him like you know 90% of our conversation was not about OnlyFans at all it was about these different open source projects he's interested in he was just he's very like he's a technical guy he's very curious very interested so he was showing me like oh by the way check this out I'm gonna send you this link you know like try this try this site out it's kind of like it's like this fringe niche site open source project but like I think it's really cool for these reasons and I just love that I love you know one of the things I love the most about tech is that it redistributed wealth to a bunch of people who had different interests so like when the wealthiest people were all from finance you just got this like one homogenous pool of rich people it's like here's a bunch of rich dudes that live in the same place like I like the same stuff white guys wearing suits alpha New York you know power suits you know power suit watch wearing art buying greed is good guys yeah and then like crypto made a whole bunch of other people rich right because it was like you know a different type of person got rich through that and they had different interests they're like yo I'm gonna spend money on this digital squiggle and this board ape and I'm gonna donate to this other thing and I'm gonna fund this one of the things I'm gonna this type of this type of world view I'm gonna fund and you know tech companies were started by you know like Mark Zuckerberg and you know this guy didn't he wouldn't want to start a hedge fund he wanted to do something else and because he does that now he could spend his money doing other things or Elon Musk he's like I'm gonna fund companies that will do space travel wouldn't know what you're gonna do and so I love when wealth gets distributed to new pockets of people who have different interests different values because they're gonna bring some new like it's not the thing they created it's actually all the stuff they do with their money that creates a hundred new new things that's kind of like the kind of interesting to me I've I've emailed back and forth with them just a few times I've asked me to come on I think you have to I don't know if that will ever happen yeah he's like I'm a pretty private person I don't think he's like I don't think I would make a very good guess but you know well okay fine we'll talk about your dividends then you either come on as a guest or we find you on company's house that's the rules of this podcast dude let me tell you about another person that is hard to find information on and is really fascinating but really evil have you ever heard of the Sackler family I saw that there's a documentary or a movie out on Netflix about them or a show but I don't know anything about them so I'm in the perfect spot I'm interested in aware but completely ignorant so there's two documentaries one on who or uh they're both actually fictional shows they're both really good one called I think dope sick one called painkiller ones on Hulu ones on Netflix the story is about Purdue Pharma so Purdue Pharma is basically I want to tell you a little bit about that and then I want to tell you about the early even before that because that's more interesting to me at the at this point but basically Purdue Pharma started by three brothers they it was Mortimer Raymond and Arthur Sackler uh they were in yeah they are in the uh can you be named Mortimer and not be evil like that's I mean he's and he's one of the evil ones and so basically these three brothers I'll talk about their background uh in a second but basically they were in the medical industry forever uh since they started as doctors and then they worked at psych hospitals where they did lobotomies and they're like all right let's create let's start making these medicines and drugs and so after 50 years of doing this they eventually start or buy Purdue Pharma they buy it for not a lot of money they're all right now they're actually doing this drug called oxycontin oxycontin was basically uh it's an opioid and it wasn't popular at the time it was kind of unknown they had a drug previously that was similar they kind of changed it and they the big change they did was they called it a time released technology I guess so uh and they through a lot of just shady practices it seems like they bribed the FDA they hired lots of x FDA people after they approved the drug and they promised them all this stuff. They got the FDA to approve OxyContin.

And the big thing was that they called it time release. And they said that it was believed that... And that word believe is important.

It's the first time the FDA ever said that. It's believed that less than 1% of people who takes OxyContin will ever get addicted. So what they do is they go and hire literally 2000 salespeople who go to all of these hospitals, these doctors, these clinics, and they say, Hey, look, we have this new drug.

It's for a moderate pain. You can use to prescribe Vicodin only if someone had surgery and had major pain or if they're dying from cancer. We have this new drug.

Very few people get addicted to it and has a time release capsule, which means that it's really hard to get addicted to. So you can give this to people if they just have a sore back or if they have headaches. It's not that big of a deal.

And they train these salespeople and they're very aggressive about training. They hold contests where you can win a trip to Bermuda if you sell a certain amount of drugs. You can do all these types of things where they would give watches.

They would throw parties with hot girls. They did all this stuff, but it was for medicine, particularly an opioid, which is incredibly controversial, in my opinion, very unethical. And so they make OxyContin popular to the point where the company is privately owned.

It's owned by two families, each Mortimer and Raymond's family. I believe Raymond's son, Richard Sackler, becomes CEO. And they grow this company to be doing like $30 billion a year in revenue.

And they're also famous because in order to help their reputation, they donate billions or hundreds of millions, maybe billions that added up to art museums. And so the Met in New York, they have a Sackler wing, like the Louvre in Paris. They have a Sackler wing.

These guys never went to Harvard, but there's like the Harvard School or the Harvard Museum that's for the Sacklers. There's the Columbia, there's the NYU. They've donated so much of their money to arts.

And it's basically what they call it a reputation laundering. So they try to like get like into high society, even though they're selling this drug. Turns out two years ago, I think the government finally cracked down on them, made them go bankrupt.

And I'm not sure where they are now, but they're very private. So that's the story of Purdue Pharma. The book Empire Pains.

Oh, wait, so sorry. The end was the government cracks down on them and it goes bankrupt. So the government did what?

Because isn't Oxy still like everywhere? Well, so what's I don't know much about these types of drugs, but there's Oxycontin. That's like the brand name.

And then there's Oxycodone. And I think that's the generic drug. And then there's hydrocodone.

And then there's all these forms of opioids. I think you could still get Oxycontin. But basically at first, the government made them pay a $10 million settlement.

And then people spent five years trying to track them down and like find like one thing that they did that broke the law because it was very weird because they weren't actually breaking the law. Or if they were, it was very hard to find which law they were breaking because the FDA kind of colluded and allowed them to get away with a lot of stuff. So technically, they kind of weren't breaking the law.

They got hauled up in front of Congress. And what the government eventually does is they're like, oh, you lied to Congress because you said you didn't know it was addicting. But we found this email from four years ago where you did say you knew it was addicting.

And so that's actually what they got charged with, sort of like how Al Capone got charged with tax evasion, not killing people. It was sort of one of those things. And that led to a domino effect where eventually they had to pay something like an $8 billion settlement.

The Sackler family had to give up control of the company, and they were no longer allowed to be involved in this industry. And so that's kind of where we are today, where Purdue Pharma, it still exists, but not as it did before. But we'll see if there's any actually long lasting change with all that.

But it's a really fun story, like in the sense of it's thrilling, in that they were just horribly unethical. They did a lot of crazy shit. Does that make sense?

Yeah, I mean, this basically killed hundreds of 1000s of people, right? Like just through addiction, it killed hundreds of 1000s. It killed hundreds of 1000 people directly in that hundreds of 1000s of people just taking that medicine were killed.

But then what it led to is what we experienced in San Francisco and all these other places, you take Oxy, and then you're like, I love this, I need more of it. Now I need something cheaper and something more accessible heroin, and then which leads to fentanyl. And so it creates this huge opioid crisis where Purdue was like, Hey, we didn't do that.

We just prescribed Oxycontin. These guys are dying from heroin, when everyone's like, man, it's such a clear like, there's such a clear transition here, like you guys are definitely responsible. So that's why it's like a thrilling story.

At Harvard, there's still this, this building is still called the Sackler, whatever the Sackler Museum, or whatever it's called, still up, which is kind of crazy, that they haven't sort of canceled the name off the building. So here's where things get interesting. And this is what I want to talk about.

So I mentioned there was three brothers, only two brothers owned Purdue. So the eldest brother, his name was Arthur, he died in I think, the late 80s or mid 80s. And basically, he was the eldest brother, and he got them all into the industry.

When he died, his estate sold his portion of Purdue to the other brothers. And the other brothers are the ones who Purdue eventually created Oxycontin. And so Arthur's heirs are like, look, we had nothing to do with this.

It's the same name, but like we had nothing to do with this. And Arthur was the one who liked to donate a lot of money to museums. So same last name, but their argument is that it's different people.

But Arthur was incredibly shady. And I want to tell you his background. This is where things get really interesting.

So check this out. So this guy, Arthur Sackler, he was the eldest brother. So he was a patriarch, and he brought in his two brothers into the business.

And he was originally a doctor. But his first hit was as he was a doctor, he started an advertising agency, a medical advertising agency. And he studied copywriting.

That was his thing. He learned about copywriting through a traditional agency where he would work at a traditional agency at nights and weekends in order to help pay the bills. And he was like, copywriting is awesome.

I got to do this for Valium, or this other drug, this other drug. And so all these huge pharmaceutical companies at the time, this was in the 50s, 60s, and eventually 70s. What's that big one?

Roche, R-O-C-H-E. I believe that they were the inventors of Valium. And they start saying, hey, Arthur, your little agency, we hear you have good ideas.

What are your ideas? He's like, well, we have to hire a sales force. Then we're going to create these ads.

We're not allowed to advertise towards consumers, but we can advertise towards doctors. And they popularize Valium by making it like an everyday drug. Like, oh, if you're a little stressed, and you know, just like you would take an Advil, just pop a V, you'll be calm.

And they have like housewives vacuuming in pearls, like with a Valium, like logo, or he also popularizes tranquilizers. So he makes them popular. So he builds up this agency.

But in secrecy, he does two things that are interesting. One, he finds his competition is another medical pharmaceutical ad agency, and he buys half of it. And so what they what he does is he eventually corners the market for pharmaceutical advertising, and he owns the other one secretly.

And he'll say stuff like, look, you don't want to work with us? Fine, go to our competitors. They sound like they're a good fit for you.

And they collude together on how to like market together and like which techniques are working. The second thing that he does is he creates this thing called the Medical Tribune. It's a bi monthly newsletter for doctors.

So he's in the newsletter industry. It's a free thing, a free newsletter that is eventually read by 300, 400, 500,000 doctors. And he what he does is no one knows at the time that he owns it.

But he starts using his original company, MacArthur for advertising buys ads in the Medical Tribune. And through this, he creates two huge companies. And that is how he creates his original fortune.

And I found I went and like dug through the newspapers.com. That's one of my favorite sources. You can find old newspaper clippings, I found some of the numbers.

So check this out. So Mick Adams, sorry, I called it MacArthur. It's called Mick Adams.

When he died, the company was doing $170 million a year in revenue. And that was in 1985, I believe. It had 170 employees.

And then his other company, Medical Tribune, it was not sold for a significant amount of money. It actually sold for around $70 million to Axel Springer, who also bought Morning Brew, our friend Austin's company. So I've been giving him a hard time about this.

Austin Sackler. Yeah, for sure. Austin Sackler.

And so annual revenues for Medical Tribune range between $50 to $80 million in the last few years of existence. This was in the late 80s and adjusted for today. That's around $150 to $200 million a year.

He also, Arthur, while he was doing this, he was buying, he owned like three New York City townhomes. He was making seven, sometimes eight-figure dollar donations to museums. And he had an art collection valued at $60 million.

When he died, I think he was 75. That was in the late 80s. He was worth around $150 million, which today is around $400 million.

Maybe five or six years after that, that's when Oxy was created. But besides the fact that these guys do illegal, horrible, unethical things, what's crazy is this guy owned two companies that were doing close to each of them over $100 million a year. And it was medical advertising and a medical newsletter for doctors.

And he owned, it was him and his wife owned the whole thing. So super fascinating background story about how this guy originally got wealthy. Wow.

Prolific, prolific family for sure. That's crazy. That's a crazy story.

It's crazy. So a lot of the stuff that the Purdue family or the Sackler family is about, it's about Oxycontin. And I thought that was interesting.

But what I thought was really interesting was just like, I was like, well, just from an entrepreneur's perspective, how to get started. And so I did all this research, I dug deep. And then I went into like, I use this thing.

It's like a historical money calculator. And so it helps you calculate how much money is worth today. I then looked at real estate prices from the 70s and 80s in New York City.

And I found out how much he was paying for homes. And I found and I basically like reverse engineered like the income from this medical newsletter, because I was just curious how it works. I think, by the way, that still works today.

And there was another company, I don't know if you remember this, but there was a company that used to give out free TVs to doctors TV and these TVs had like skeletons on office. And you could like, you could like move the skeleton around in order to like show like, Alright, your colon is actually right here. And we'll zoom in on that.

But on the TV was ads for drugs. And this company eventually got in trouble. Interestingly enough for fraud, it turns out they were lying about a lot of stuff.

But this pharmaceutical industry is so interesting to me, because it's something that we're supposed to trust. Turns out, it's a lot of its bullshit. And it's just as shady as someone would say that this my free cams website is or even worse.

And it's really fascinating how this whole industry works. But medical newsletters, super fascinating, a legit company, Axel Springer, which is a $5 billion German newspaper company bought it. And so I actually think these still work today.

And if you go on TV running, by the way, or no, no, they shut it down. They, I believe they shut it down. And like everything involving Sacklers, like people don't have anything to do with it.

But if you, if you're on, do you ever watch cable TV? Yeah, sometimes. Dude, it's only car commercials and drug commercials.

That's like all it is. It's like Cialis. And like, it's so anyway, this pharmaceutical advertising industry, it's I would never enter it, but it's really fascinating how it's done.

And it's incredibly lucrative. It created this fortune. And I think it could still create more.

Well, I put this out there before, which was that we get asked a bunch about, hey, I'm doing a newsletter. Can you help? Can you invest?

Can you advise? Whatever. And we've basically, I think both of us say no to pretty much all of them.

The one that I think is interesting still, or two, the two areas that I am interested is who's doing an amazing job of this in real estate and who's doing an amazing job of this for the newsletter for doctors. Those are the two that I really care about. And I'm like, I really want to find whoever's doing a great job of that.

And, you know, invest or advise or partner with them to like, help make that bigger. Because I think those spaces are amazing spaces. If you have the right person going like doing it the right way.

There's a lot of nuance to it. But yeah, I still think this idea would just work again. And they sell for a huge multiple.

So aging media did this for nursing homes. So somewhat senior living. Yeah, somewhat related.

I don't remember the multiple, but I heard rumors. It was like 15 times profit, which is really great. And so these businesses are still super lucrative.

And I think what Arthur did, whether you think that's good or bad, the way that he did it, I think is bad. Inherently, I don't think it's bad. But the way that he did it is, I think it's still incredibly lucrative.

Our software is the worst. Have you heard of HubSpot? See, most CRMs are a cobbled together mess.

But HubSpot is easy to adopt and actually looks gorgeous. I think I love our new CRM. Our software is the best.

HubSpot, grow better. Let me tell you another story about a smart weirdo. All right.

So here's the episode. Smart weirdos slash maybe bad people. This guy I don't think is considered bad, but he's my Billy of the week.

Million dollars isn't cool. You know, it's cool. A billion dollars.

Okay, so we have some actually multiple contenders. This is a Billy of the week runoff, actually. Maybe this is actually a campaign.

But this guy is doing something interesting. So his name is Steve Davis. You probably don't know who that is just because it's a fairly generic name.

But And if you Google his name, it's a professional snooker player. What is that pool? Yes, like a pool.

Some kind of like pool if you had like, you know, the wrong color balls or something. So this guy is Elon Musk's long trusted, like right hand man. So let me tell you about this guy.

He joined SpaceX back in 2003. So very early on. Crazy background.

He's got a twin master's degree in particle physics and aerospace engineering. Right. So, you know, guys got a dome on him.

But I think what he was doing, I think he was doing something completely unrelated, but he was one of the first employees that ended up getting hired by SpaceX. For some reason, I feel like I remember he wasn't like working in the industry. He was doing something else.

And then he got hired. And the stories about this guy are kind of legendary. So when when Elon bought Twitter, people were like, who's going to who's he going to make CEO?

And a lot of people were like, it's going to be Steve Davis before he put the lady from NBC in charge, which was sort of a weird pick. It seemed like it was Steve Davis. Why?

Because Steve Davis was living and sleeping in the Twitter office with his wife and their newborn child. Oh, my God, I do. Like three weeks.

What a brown noser. Bill Davis, Steve Davis, so this guy, if you go read the stories about him, it's like it's like folklore. So one person said he's been working six hours a day, every single day, seven days a week for years and years.

Another person said he's insane. He gets more work done than 11 people working together just himself. what one time um one time elon musk uh they were doing something with the production of of a part in in one of the parts of the of the rocket i guess and this was a hundred and twenty thousand dollar part and elon's like we need to get this down to five thousand dollars and nobody everyone's like what are you talking about like yeah of course i wish i wish it was free too but like that's just not how things work yeah he's like five thousand dollars and he just left the room right and steve davis takes that as a personal challenge he's just working for months and months to try to figure out how can we do this for 5k instead of 120k he ends up getting it done for three thousand nine hundred dollars he figures out a way to do it he emails elon so excited elon we did it after months we figured out how to lower the price of this part down to only only less than four thousand dollars you said five we got it out of less four elon just replies okay period it doesn't matter steve davis is undeterred from this and he he just keeps going he's become uh now he's the ceo of boring company so elon's like uh you know third company or whatever that he that he created after um all that right and that company's legit right boring company they actually are making stuff or is it just a t-shirt company no they are doing things but there's a lot of criticisms like uh uh cool like how um you know how how's that tunnel going yeah right like where's what's going on you you dug this tunnel but like it's only compatible with teslas and they have to put like rollerblades on before they go through it's like i don't know this seems kind of shitty right dude i want my cities to look like swiss cheese just holes all over the place like what's what's going on you're just selling flamethrowers and so you know on one hand they have improved the speed of uh boring of uh actually digging the tunnels um but the reason i found this guy interesting so not only is he like uh elon's right-hand man that you haven't heard of that you know i find that interesting uh not only is he probably worth maybe a billion dollars at this point like based on the you know spacex stock has appreciated like crazy since 2003 but um this guy's totally weird so he just is he's got a great sense of humor that he takes to business okay so uh he uh basically elon sends him he'll trust him right he's like hey we need somebody on the ground in uh you know he's got like this like city in texas and like at one point he sent him to dc for a lot like you know they needed to be near uh dc because a lot of their contracts are government contracts so he's like send steve out to dc from california and steve's living there he's doing his job but he's like god you know what i miss i miss just having great frozen yogurt he's like they don't have that dc he's like all i got is this crap i miss the california frozen yogurt you know what so as a side job from his very important job at spacex he opens up a froyo shop called mr yogato and he that just opens it up he goes and he works there after work for fun and so he goes and he works there and he starts to make it fun for himself he creates just a bunch of ridiculous policies so if you go to mr yogato if you can stump him with a seinfeld question your froyo is free if you come in dressed as uh bjorn borg or whatever the like tennis player you can or not i don't use the test for maybe there's a musician or something you get 25 off if you let him stamp mr yogato on your forehead 10 off and so he created this long list of rules essentially on the secret menu um for what he could do and then when he had to leave he had to move away uh you know spacex needed him in some other place he's like oh i'm not gonna be able to go work in my yogurt shop after work uh okay um hey come whoever comes to mr yogato today one of you is gonna get the shop for a dollar he just gave the shop to some guy for a dollar at the end he's like here's the keys the only rules um i want to keep uh you know being able to come here and eat half off and um you know uh and also you got to keep some of the the the the rules alive like if you can recite a speech from braveheart in a scottish accent 20 off and so he so he does this yogurt job he also at one point the the headline if you google mr yogato is it's from an article in the washingtonian says twitter's next ceo might be the mr yogato dude yeah he goes bro like the rules are amazing you just you should go look at the rules of this rule number eight anyone wearing a kickball uniform and has played hard evidenced by dirt on their knees will automatically receive 10 off their yogurt anybody who can reenact the 47 second michael jackson thriller dance 20 off if you perform a shorter choreographed dance you can get 10 off this is actually genius by the way order a yoga for 30 consecutive days and we'll name a flavor after you i mean this guy's awesome yeah so he's having a good time so then he opens up a bar called thomas foolery short name tom foolery and same things uh instead you know every bar has a happy hour he created the angry hour where if you shout your order of the drink to the bartender angrily you get a discount on your drink um you know they served like cookies and ice cream at this thing and he's like this is a place where we're going to take you back to being a kid but with alcohol oh my god and i was like dude i love this guy this guy is uh hilarious and weird and all the best ways and i just went down this rabbit hole because he's his this guy kind of fascinates me there's nothing about this guy really on the internet nobody does interviews with him um people discovered this mystery ogato thing but there's not much out there about him how'd you find the there's only a few times uh that's like you know part you know just digging in like what are some of the other crazy things that this guy does when they announced um the boring company it was a press conference with elon and some guy the some guy is steve davis sitting next to him during the the talk and what they did was to make their point this is i i kind of love this marketing to make their point that like why did you create the boring company and he was like well in like whatever 100 years we haven't gotten any faster at drilling like we're still the same speed we were like 50 75 years ago at digging these tunnels nobody's done anything innovative and to do when they did the press conference it's them talking but around them is a circular track and on that track they put a little like a snail or a slug or something and it was just walking around the track super slowly to represent how slow this industry is and how slow other people are drilling and at the end of the two hour seminar it was still only halfway around the thing oh my god and they're like you know that's the industry today and we're going to change it i love these little nuggets these little sort of like marketing gimmicks that make a point in the sort of simplest most uh memeable viral way possible uh you know i got to give elon credit and uh this guy steve steve credit for how they do that where where did he work before how do you get a job with elon uh well just early on you know if your twin master's degree in particle physics and aerospace engineering there's not that many places to go work you work at nasa or you work you know uh boeing or you go work here right so he he got a job there early on and just like started grinding like crazy and that's why like even now just sort of grinds like crazy sleeping in the office with the with his newborn the child that was just like his wife just just gave birth i have a rule we have a rule in our house in the in the par house where i will only sleep under another man's roof for one night and if it's my father if it's my father-in-law's house he gets two nights i don't like sleeping in another man's home it's the most emasculating thing on earth i can't imagine moving my wife and newborn baby into the twitter office can you move to my boss yeah my boss's house like elod's like hey how's our wife doing like you're like a billionaire yeah you're not like an intern yeah you're you're like i i don't even like i don't stay at another man's house i don't even like staying at my father's law's house let alone staying at the twitter hq can you imagine with a newborn with a newborn or a baby i can't imagine that that's not for me dog what's your phrase cornrows and face tattoos yeah it's not for me but i'm glad freaks like you exist yes i'm glad it exists sleeping at the office with my wife and baby yeah you can have that i'm happy you exist but that ain't for me is there any part of you that is envious of this guy because i don't find any amount of envy other than i appreciate his sense of humor oh yeah i think this guy is great i think uh do i want to be him no that's what i mean do i think that this guy's probably you know this guy's interesting and seems like he uh thinks differently and i think i could learn or be inspired by it sure for sure for example i went deep uh so one so one of the things he did while he was working at spacex and they moved him to dc in addition to the yogurt shop he went to george mason and got like a phd and his thesis i found his thesis paper and i read it which was very hard i don't want to go into too much detail on it how did you find this i when i'm googling him i can't you can barely find anything it's the same like four photos just a lot of grit and determination you're the steve davis you're the steve davis i'm researching deep steve davis exactly i i apply it to searching researching other great men more so than being one myself slept on your couch for literally hours to find this it was literally i ignored so i'm gonna read you two things so first the paper the reason i really liked it is it's about the debasement of the u.s currency i think he wrote this in um what year was this it's basically like very it's very early it's like kind of like early early bitcoin days so let me just see steve davis basement um so yeah 2010 and his paper's called the trend towards the debasement of the american currency and he talks about a lot of does that mean it's at the bottom does that mean devaluing devaluing so so you know he he talks about the history of like you know basically uh you know i don't have my notes in front of me now but like uh one of the things he talks about is you know um did you take notes on this one just for yourself yeah um so i was like you know he's like one dollar or whatever one or so one ounce of gold was worth this many dollars before and now that same ounce of gold requires whatever like you know 100x more dollars like basically like we used to be pegged to gold we got off the gold standard and look at how look at how much the dollar is devalued relative to gold in that time and he's basically like there's a trend towards the debasement of um of currency and he talks about like people think this is like a you know over time slow slow thing but actually like 95 of the debasement has just happened in the last like 40 50 years or something like that uh like it has accelerated quickly and this is not just like uh yeah this is not just like you know a slow thing um all right here we go so 98.3 has occurred from 19 1792 to the present time but even if you shorten that like still 90 of it happened in a very short window of time he talks about why he talks about how he talks about like what that why that's such a big problem and this is basically like a uh a cryptocurrency like like he's not talking about bitcoin in it but this is like this is crypto is a solution to this problem right like bitcoin currency that could not be debased exactly uh which is like the meme but it's it's also like uh the truth you know it's like these things are cliche because they're there's an element of truth and then those that's why they stick around in his acknowledgements in this paper so he says oh i want to i want to thank this professor this professor i want to thank this person and at the end he's like i want to thank my mom and dad he's like finally thanks to the unknown chef that makes great brownies at the small enterprise hall cafeteria hopefully they will one day become a topping at mr yogato or its successor little yo hi this guy's just hilarious man this guy is just so funny to me and uh yeah there's like a hundred page paper if you want to go read the most impressive part works is that you read this guy's thesis paper and you got as far as to the acknowledgements at the end no no acknowledgements at the beginning my friend that's like the uh the thank you at the beginning of a book uh so i didn't read the whole thing there's 162 page thesis i read like 40 pages maybe um he's like step by step step by step where the debasement started and how it happened and i'm like oh wow this is fascinating like i never knew any of this is that we have to do to become a date your phd is to write a 140 page like original work on something that's amazing i didn't think i didn't know that thesis were that long not only do we not have a phd we honestly don't even know what the hell a phd is or what it takes to get one i used to tell people i had my phd i thought it meant poor hard working and driven uh like that was my joke i i play a hating degree yeah i didn't realize that it's you have to write a hundred plus page like report on this that's amazing cook i'm not that hungry and driven yeah yeah definitely not that sounds really challenging uh by the way one of the great get to know you questions in the business world that's sort of dorky but actually is a good one which is if you had to give an impromptu 45 minute talk on a subject what would you give it on like for you it might be like copywriting or newsletters right like something like that the history of denim what i'm not joking i could do it you want to talk about denim i got you what would yours be what would yours be there is no answer that is better than that answer i don't want to continue the podcast it was so good you see the things about the things about looms is in the pre-war of the jorda the shutter looms pre-1944 were particularly special but you know i could talk all about it and then post-war when japan was rebuilding hiroshima they needed just a ton of machinery and that's what the shutter looms of america went to japan i mean i could do it let's that's insane all right your your turn what's your topic where do we go from here um you want to do post pilot i like post pilot all right let's talk about i invested in post pilot did you yeah me too um i didn't you know i don't like as you call it talking your own book too much i don't like talking about stuff that i'm involved in but since we're both involved about it and we're up front we could talk about it well explain what it is first yeah so let's talk about it so our connection to post pilot is with the owner his name is drew but he actually bought the company and the reason he bought the company was because he owned um he used to buy software companies so he bought designandpublic.com he bought he bought karma loop.com and then he owned this thing called auto anything which was an auto parts store and the thing about uh his whole like playbook is that he would buy these uh e-com companies and he would be like well your email list stinks so we can like improve that we can do this we can do that and one of the things that he used to do with these companies that worked really well was he would email or mail them like snail mail them like flyers direct mail and direct mail pamphlets on the company however it was really hard to do it was like a painstaking process and so he bought this company called post pilot he bought it i think he bought it for sixty thousand dollars and what it does is if you're a e-com brand you just sign up to post pilot and they plug in i think to shopify to woocommerce to like a lot of the popular platforms and they have a done for you service meaning they'll help you design a pamphlet that you could send to not only your customers but i think some of your email subscribers and people who haven't already bought from you and they can send direct mail in a click of a button and so what he has found like this whole thesis is like look if i have an email list and some of these companies that i bought their email list was a hundred thousand people but ninety thousand people wouldn't even open the email ten thousand would but how do i get the other ninety thousand people to interact with me well let's just send them mail and so they created a process that you can use someone's address that they've already supplied to you or i believe what they do is you can um you can use someone's email and phone number and help use other data sources to find out roughly where you live and they'll send mail to you or that area or people who match your it's like a look-alike audience and they send you mail and they could track if you eventually bought something through their mail so it's a very roi positive business the uh uh roi positive marketing channel and i think he bought this company in 2018 he bought it for 60 grand it's making well over 60 grand a day now i think that the last the the public information that they said was they crossed 10 million a year in revenue uh like 18 months ago i think and it's growing like a weed and he sends amazing investor updates uh where like there'll be like a theme so for example him and his co-part or him and his partner sent an update where it was him and his partner dressed like stepbrothers uh and so like he does these really funny updates but the business is growing like a weed it's growing crazy and they're um it's really fascinating is that what what i'm not an e-com guy is that what you what how yeah so we use it so so we use it and like you know if you advertise on facebook or you advertise on google and you know the key metric for any e-commerce brand is your return on ad spend when it comes to marketing so you spend a hundred dollars on ads what's your return are you going to get a hundred back you're going to get two hundred dollars back and you get fifty dollars back fifty dollars would be a point five return on ad spend two hundred dollars would be a 2.0 uh return on ad spend if you can be like getting a 2.0 return on ad spend at scale you're printing money right yeah you're putting in a hundred dollars you're getting two hundred dollars out every single day and um that's uh you know obviously if you could scale that up that's that's extremely extremely lucrative if you use post pilot you can get like a 10x return on a head spent it's not the most scalable but it is pretty ridiculous the type of return you get he said a lot of people are getting five to ten x um he said most retention campaigns come in between five and ten five and ten uh so like he kills it they i don't use it yeah these are these are like retention right so you're you know you're trying to get uh people to come back or you're trying to get a warm lead who hasn't bought from you but they gave you their their info to try to convert so it's you know obviously different for a completely new customer versus returning customers whatever but the blended uh row as for these is really really good so it's very effective right you send a postcard it's got a bunch of it's got a photos it's got photos on it it's got an offer on it and uh the cool thing what they did was they basically took this they weren't the first to do you know how do you send mail campaigns we'll send it for you what they did was they're treating it like it's klaviyo so most people outside of e-commerce don't even know about klaviyo except for the fact that it just filed to go public so now a bunch of people are paying attention to this like 10 billion dollar company that raised very little money email marketing for um for e-commerce actually it didn't raise very little it raised 400 million it only burns our net 15 million dollars which is shows how capital efficient that's what i mean yeah sorry um so every e-com brand basically uses klaviyo at this point um it is like the the the dominant player in the space there's some others like send lane or whatever but they basically said we're going to automate this so like we will take all your your customer data from shopify and we'll be like cool um when somebody first joins we'll put make a welcome flow so automatically it'll drip out like one hour after they after they sign up for emails they'll get this three days later they'll get this and 30 days later they'll get the klaviyo klaviyo yeah yeah and now what postpilot did was they took the same thing they were like cool you want to send a one-off blast you can just go in our editor and do that you want to create automated flows that are just going to be triggered based on customer behavior you could do that too so they basically did for physical mail the same thing that klaviyo did for digital mail which is very very smart um so yeah anyways i think they're they're doing really well and we'll see kind of how how i think the only question of this one is just how big does it get it's a high floor unknown ceiling so it's like uh this business is definitely going to work now the question is working is it a yeah even when we first invested it was like this clear this was going to work and it was a low it was a low valuation compared to everything it was not low it was a reasonable valuation compared to everything else i think i have about 25 grand in the company yeah i did something similar it wasn't it wasn't like you know massive massive bet but um you know the question is is this going to be a 50 million dollar business 100 million dollars is a 500 million dollar business or billion dollar business i have no idea on that one like we'll see but um but it's definitely like it was like a clear this isn't going to be a zero type of investment so i did this one personally not out of the the fund because i was like you know you don't know the profile of this one i thought so i have 25 000 of my own money into the company i think i in my head when i was looking at it i was like i think the the the likely worst case scenario is that this will sell for 70 or 80 million dollars i was like i think i could 5x 4x my money i think in a unlikely but high uh outcome scenario i was like many many many hundreds of millions of dollars this could sell for uh and i could for sure 100 10x this maybe more um that right that that was kind of my thinking with that investment and 25 000 of my own money is i i usually do small small checks that that's a smaller checks that's a that's a good one for me right on um i have some other topics but i think we should save them one thing i want to do is i want to start doing episodes that are business ideas only so sometimes basically if you take an episode of my first million you you kind of don't know what you're going to get there's a box you might get a billy of the week story about crazy people who have done crazy things you might get a business breakdown like we did with only fans just like here's a business here's the numbers here's how it's doing uh maybe it's a business like post pilot like a business you never heard of that's doing really well um we kind of expose you to the sort of uh things that are under the under the radar or not not on your radar and then sometimes we do ideas and opportunities things that we think people could do that could be that could work and um monday i say i'm proposing this to you monday i think we should do uh when we record monday we should do business ideas only i think uh i think we're good monday and i have a good one which are people's favorites the the business ideas and opportunities are definitely people's favorites um so we'll do that but you know if we're going to do that people got to do something for us right like i don't know about you but if i kiss i like to get kissed back if i hug i like to get hugged back and if i provide value i like to get value yes means yes and all we need from you to give value back put your wallet away you know we don't it doesn't take money it's not free though it ain't free it ain't free it sure as hell ain't free but but your money's no good here what we do need is for you to take that little finger of yours open up the podcast app click subscribe go to my first million click subscribe the next thing you're going to where do they do that where do they do that they do on spotify any spotify apple podcast whatever whatever's your comfortable place i'm not trying to get you to go somewhere you're not comfortable right go where you're comfortable but just make sure you're clicking subscribe now go to youtube you bet youtube go open youtube type in my first million click subscribe hit the little bell so you get alerts we need both of those things from you we just need it and i don't ask for much but i asked for this don't let me down and if you want leave a comment you could leave a comment we read all of them and we even the funniest ones we send to each other particularly if they make fun of us yeah the most insulting ones definitely get the most attention and uh we can't resist we're not one of those we're not those people who are like no i don't read the comments i don't read the haters read all of them we read you yeah think about you you and i recognize usernames you're living in our head yes i've googled some of these people i do a reverse google image search and find out their linkedin and here i'll actually leave um i'll leave like a hint so for next monday you you can see on here which company i'm talking about if you scroll down so i was going to start this with a business that used to exist that was way ahead of its time that i think should exist today now is the time now is the time if you could possibly pull this off do you agree with me do you see what company i'm talking about i know what you're talking about i agree with you i can't wait to talk about that one and i have one that is um similar to one of the best businesses in andrew wilkinson's portfolio and i think you could create a new version of that that would work really well that's the teaser all right manic monday we'll call it i don't know we just go from ideas to ideas or where we just look at the comments and just stress out over like blemishes we have on our face but it's manic monday so you don't have to pay money for this show but it ain't for free and and you know how you know how to pay for it so all right that's the pot you