Like they used a thumbnail that I looked stupid or a title that made me sound like an idiot. And I was like, Ben, I don't like that. He goes, oh, you thought that selling out to the algorithm was going to feel good?

All right, we're live. Let's do this. You want to get right into Twitter or no?

Yeah, let's get into Twitter. Wait, let me tell you something really quick. I just remembered I was going to tell you about this.

I did a body fat scan the other day, yesterday. Okay. Bad news for all of us, man.

Why? What happened? I was 15%.

Why is that for all of us? Because if you're 15%, then I'm 30%. If I'm 15%, yeah, if I'm 15%, like that sucks for everyone else.

I felt like I was like 11%. That's just because people bullshit. People who are like, oh, I'm 6% body fat.

And then doctors are like, no, you are not 6% body fat. You would be sick if you were 6% body fat. That's just not the case.

So I think what people say is 6% to 8% body fat is actually 12% to 15% or 12% to 14% or something like that. And so I think 15% is great. I was 26 last time I did a DEXA scan.

26, 27, something like that. And my goal was, actually, I don't even remember what it was. I think maybe my goal was to get under 25 and I was 28 or something like that.

I was amazed at how high mine was. I do it every three months. That's good.

I was amazed at how high mine was. Because I don't feel completely ripped, but I feel fit. I don't have a stomach anymore.

And it was still 15. I was shocked by that. We've all seen the picture.

If you go to my Twitter, we've all seen the picture. You're ripped. You're actually the perfect amount of ripped.

Because, you know, there's an obnoxious ripped where if you look like, oh, man, this guy just, he's just, it's like a girl who's like, got like hair extensions, eyelash extensions, nail extensions, and like tons of makeup caked on. It's like, oh, they're sort of trying too hard. And it's like a high maintenance person that I don't really want.

Like, I don't really want to go out to dinner with you because you're just going to order like broccoli and, you know, like raw chicken or whatever. So, you know, you're like the right amount where it's like, oh, man, he might live an active lifestyle. Like, maybe he surfs.

And like, maybe that's why. It doesn't look like someone who is like, you know, gym bro who just lives in the gym four hours a day and everything centers around that in their life. Well, the point is, is that it just shocked me at 15%.

But I just wanted to let you know that that happened. Let's talk about, all right, so we're going to talk about. You're officially canceled as a fitness influencer.

You can't be a fitness influencer at 15%. I know. 12 is okay.

Anything above 12. I got to get my shit together. Well, you could just do it as the start of your fitness journey.

Is this the, am I, I'm still a before? I feel like. Now you're a before?

I feel like I've been a before picture for the past five years. I'm still a before? Fuck.

Damn. No, we already said there's before, before. I'm a before, before.

And then there's a before. You're a before now. No, I'm just kidding.

You're more like an after. I'm now a before, but I was a before before. You just got to know your system.

You just got to know the ranking system. It's not about body fat percentage. All right, let's get into it.

All right, so we're going to, what's the, what's the topic of, what's the, the title of this segment? The title of the segment is Sam and Sean cross 1 million downloads a month for the podcast. They get intoxicated by the growth.

We're on pace for 1.3 right now, smashing old record highs of 900,000. And with this intoxicating growth, they say, we're going to whore out, double down, and we're going to make a list. And so we're going to do list episodes.

That's what's actually happening here. Now, what list did we decide to start with? Well, we didn't go ultra tantalizing, ultra drama filled list to begin with.

We're going with our favorite Twitter follows. So I think we're going to have like 12. Is it 12 total?

So our 12 Twitter follows that we recommend. Now these are going to be, I think in most cases, not the obvious people. So you're not going to hit.

My goal is even there's a lot of people that aren't even on Twitter. So if you're not on Twitter, maybe start or not, you know, just subscribe to my five tweet Tuesday newsletter. If you're not doing that, if you're on Twitter, I bet at least half of these are going to be people you don't already follow.

That's my guess. That's my goal. If we do this right.

So they should be kind of under the radar rising stars. And we're going to talk about why we like these people's feeds and some stuff that we've seen from them. That's pretty cool.

So we'll go back and forth. Let's start with candidate number one. Are we going in order of like the best?

No. Okay. So mine are a little bit more popular than yours.

So. Okay. Are you going to go?

How many do you have? You have five? No, I only have three.

Okay. I was like researching. Well, no, here's the problem.

With a bonus from Sam. I was researching. I was trying to find ones that people, the ones I love are people that everyone knows.

But, and so I was trying. Okay. Well, you might have to bring up a few or I think I bet when I say some, you're going to think of some other.

Just based off that. Okay. So we're just going to name 12 ish of them.

And we're going to go back and forth. Let's trade off until Sam runs out. So I'll go first because you're going to run out faster.

Otherwise, so, okay. The first person on my list of Twitter, Twitter people. I think you should follow is post market.

Do you follow post market? It's post underscore market. No.

I, by the way, you follow thousands of people. I follow up until recently. I was following zero people.

Literally zero. Now it's like 40. Cool.

I just, I was getting addicted. Okay. So I have a list and this person's on my list.

So I said post market is an anonymous account and, um, or like a pseudonymous account, I should say. So it's not like a, this is not their real name or whatever. Post underscore market.

And we're going to put the full list in the description of this podcast. So if you want to find them, uh, you could do that. Or maybe what we'll do is we create a Twitter list that you can just subscribe to, uh, that, that might be easier.

So, uh, who's this person? I don't know what they do by day, but there's something in the financial world stock, you know, a trader hedge fund person. Uh, I don't know what it says exactly in their bio, but basically what they do is they have like hot takes on the market.

Uh, and it's not like hot takes like CNBC where it's like, Oh, you know, um, the Dow is up five points. It's like, basically they'll take a stock and they'll just rip it to shreds if it doesn't make any sense. So like, for example, the, like one of their, um, one of their ones that they were killing right now is something called, called Grove collaborative.

I don't know if you saw this. It's like a, it was like a DTC brand. It was like one of the winning DTC brands.

There's a unicorn. It goes public. And then, uh, here's the tweet.

It says, please make it stop. Here's a mostly DTC organic cleaning products business. It's doing 6% revenue growth at 2 billion valuation.

Has no plan to make profits anytime soon. And a greater than 5%, uh, 5X sales multiple. Grove collaborative, not going to make it.

Um, and then it basically pulls out things from their like investor presentation that show like a fairly so slow growth, low margin business that is overvalued. What does Grove collaborative make? I've never even heard of that.

They're kind of like a subscription, almost like a whole foods, Costco type of model where you can go buy products, uh, from them, I believe. And what, what valuation are they trying to get? I was not trying to get there.

They're publicly traded at, you know, 2, 2 billion or whatever. Yikes. Okay.

That's, that's a good find. Um, and so, and so this person, because they're pseudonymous, they can just kind of, um, talk about whatever they want. They're not really, they don't pull any punches.

And so like, they'll go after, um, they'll go after like Chamath for, you know, most, most people are kind of afraid to like poke the bear in a way. But Chamath in reality had a bunch of really shitty SPACs where he made a bunch of money and people who invested in his SPACs on the whole, like just got ripped to shreds this year. And, um, and so this post-market account will like call out basically bad stocks, bad behavior, um, across the board in the stock market.

So I like that. Like, for example, um, our buddy Moyes tweeted something. He goes, honest company went public in 2021.

Uh, it raised 400 million that day. The shares closed at a valuation of 2.7 billion. Since that day, it's lost 2 billion in value and is now worth less than 800 million.

And then he says, public markets are brutal. Be careful if you IPO and post-market replied and said, public markets are not brutal. Private markets are a facade.

And it's like, I like the, I like the, uh, the hot takes. I like the intelligence and I like, uh, that they don't pull punches. All right.

I like this one. Yeah. I'm going to subscribe.

I'm going to follow. Um, all right. I'm going to give you one.

See, some of mine are probably a lot of people. See, some of mine are popular, but I'm going to give you three examples of why I like them. Uh, Ramit Sethi.

Do you follow Ramit on Twitter? I don't follow. Actually, I do follow him on Twitter.

Yeah. So there's, there's two reasons why he's amazing. The first is when people criticize him, he'll sometimes say that's a good, that's a good criticism.

Other times they'll be like, no, you're an idiot for these following reasons. Right. And he also, that's reason number one.

So he's an entertaining follow. And reason number two is he tweets out loads of personal finance stuff and he'll find an article that's going viral. And if he disagrees with it, which oftentimes he does, he'll explain why it's bullshit.

For example, uh, a lot of people, particularly people who aren't necessarily wealthy, have financial advisors who charge 1%. Right. And he'll tweet out a whole thread about why that's total bullshit and you shouldn't pay 1% advisor.

The second thing, everyone talks about buying a home and how it's a wonderful investment. And he'll tweet out this awesome math saying, no, buying a home is not an investment. Buying a home is like buying a car or something like that, where you should just use it and not do it for financial reasons.

Because more often than not, it's not a good investment at all. And finally, uh, he's got this really cool tweet on how to automate money. So I actually linked to it in that sheet and I actually set up my, my accounts based off that tweet.

So what do you mean by how to automate money? What does that mean? So click, um, so click, I believe it was this one where it says, uh, how he like, like where the money goes.

Like for example, where do you, do you have your bank account set up? So like a percentage goes here, a percentage goes there or like your, um, your paycheck? No.

Really? So where's your money go to? I don't get a paycheck.

But you're, you get paid for the HubSpot podcast. You get paid for your business. So where's your income go to straight to a checking account?

Straight to a checking account. Straight to a checking account. And then your boy moves it into whatever investments I want to make.

Really? Yeah. I think you need to read some Ruby Sethi stuff because like it should, the way it should work is like all your money should go or not.

You could do however you want. Well, the way oftentimes I think it's easier is your money should go to a checking account and then it takes money out. And like, let's say that you have a really simple setup, put this much in wealth front, put this much in a mutual fund.

What do you even use to do that? I don't even know that's a possibility that you automate the like clawing out of your checking into various other services. Yeah.

You could do it with Coinbase if you wanted to, you could do an automatic thing for Coinbase. Oh, you go. Okay.

So what you do is you go in those services, you go into wealth front and you say, I'd like to do a auto saver plan. And you just ACH connect. Yeah, exactly.

And you just set it up. So it's all automated. So it's just like basically like, you know, based off of your monthly income roughly that you want this much cash in your checking account at all times and it automatically and you kind of know roughly the intervals of when you're going to get cash.

Right, right, right. Funnel it into. Okay.

So one of the reasons I didn't do that was when I was getting the last thing I had last job I had when I was at Twitch, one of the major sources of income was just stock RSUs that were going into Amazon stock like automatically. So that was already that was already there and I wasn't selling because my basis for when I when we got acquired was lower than the amount at the RSU grant. I didn't want to sell and rebalance because it was going to trigger taxes on those gains.

As the price kept. Have you sold any of those shares? Have I sold?

Yeah, I sold a small amount, maybe 15%. Are you ever going to sell any of them? I hope not.

Yeah, I'm on that big borrow die shit now. So, you know, that's that. That's the that's that new game plan.

It's awesome, right? Yeah, it's awesome till it's not awesome is probably the right answer like most things. Okay, I'm just going to read these remits money rules.

All right. Have one year of emergency fund cash. Okay, fair enough.

I don't but yeah, you can save 10 10% and invest 20% of your gross income. You do that or you do higher? Much higher.

Yeah. I'm paying cash for large expenses 20% down minimum on a house. Okay, fair enough.

Yes, I do that. Never question spending money on books, appetizers, health or donate to a friend's charity razor. Agree completely.

Business class for flights over four hours. Agree completely. No limit for spending on health or education.

Agree completely. Buy the best and keep it for as long as possible. I disagree with that.

Really? I either buy the best or I buy extremely cheap disposable where I don't have any stress about it because I didn't invest hoping it was going to be the best. Like a razor?

It's like a barbell. Like I'll give you an example. For Black Friday.

There's this brand called 32 degrees. Do you know them? No, what is it?

Costco. They're like the Costco brand of Under Armour. Or like Nike.

I'm going to buy stuff from that now. Is it awesome? They make like athletic wear and it's actually like pretty good, but I don't think it lasts as long as Lululemon.

It doesn't last as long as. Like Gymshark. Yeah, like it's just not going to have that same durability, but I like their stuff.

Like I like it when I wear it and it fits well on whatever fits well for me. So, you know, for Black Friday, they have this insane deal where like everything goes down like 85%. They just want to move all their inventory.

So you'll go buy like whatever, like athletics, you know, like a hoodie or like a fitted, you know, long sleeve shirt or whatever. And it'll be like $4.99. And so I just load up.

So I buy like almost $1,000 worth of 32 degrees stuff that day. You can just see on my floor here. There's just piled.

The boxes came and there's piles come out. Like it's as if I'm a wholesaler for them. And so I'll buy like 15 of the pants I like.

I'll buy like 25 of the shirt I like. And because of that, I don't worry about like a losing anything, getting a stain on anything, something wearing out. It's like, no, I bought this.

So much laundry you have to do, though. Got a cleaner for the laundry, bro. Oh, all right.

All right. You're good. All right.

Your turn. I know it's bad for them. The real argument is it's terrible for the environment.

And like, you know, fair enough. But, you know, birds got to fly. So here we go.

He's his last two. His last three rules earn enough to work only with the people I respect and like. I think that's a great rule.

Marry the right person. Okay, fair enough. Doesn't seem like a money rule, but I get it.

Prioritize time outside the spreadsheet. What does that mean? So like when you're I do that I have a problem with this all the time.

I'm conscious. I have a spreadsheet with all my net worth and my finances and I'm constantly optimizing it and I'll like do different scenarios like oh and five here in five years if this happens and we're gonna be here if it goes worst case scenario we're gonna be here therefore we should do this this and that so I'm like constantly tinkering with it and doing I'm like oh three percent if you only spend three percent of your net worth over this many years but it grows by this that means by the time we're 50 we're gonna have this. Right.

And that takes like that's it takes up so much time it's so fun though. I see and also this wealth advisor thing so we both have the same advisor but he doesn't charge us any fee right correct? No he only gets paid if we buy some of the funds that he's gonna sell us.

Right okay fair enough. It's pretty sick right? I think that's kind of a hack I think that's that's a pretty good hack.

I think it's a great deal. Okay so let's do let's do another person okay so you got we have post market we have for meat I'm gonna do another one let me do okay I'm gonna give you a double a double dose because they're kind of the same same type of account so my buddy George Mac and then there's this account called marketing examples do you follow these? No what is this one marketing so so marketing examples this guy I would say is one of the best content creators on the internet.

What's the handle? I think it's just marketing examples. Is it good?

Is it? Harry's marketing example so there's this guy Harry Dry. Harry Dry he works with us sometimes I think we we I discovered him a long time ago and we tried hiring him and it didn't work out but we're we love him.

Yeah I I really really respect I don't know this person I don't I don't know him well I've DM him just kind of showing respect I don't think most people know him he's not like widely he's young you know you know there's like the circle jerk of like we all kind of like the same things in the same circles. I think he's like 18 or 19. Yeah I think he's probably a little older than that but if he whatever he is he's amazing his content is so good I I think most people when I see their content I'm sort of cocky where I'm like I could do better if I like if I wanted to I could do better I see his shit and I say oh I should be copying things he's doing so that's like a very very high compliment in my book where I want to copy your shit because I think you're doing such a good job so so I think he's his account's really great and and then George George Mac is similar and that George Mac basically tweets out kind of like cool marketing hacks mental models um just interesting stories and uh and so George is really really good as well and he's also kind of like outside the scene meaning like he wasn't he's not a Silicon Valley person he's not a founder or VC that like isn't super well connected in this area but I think has earned a lot of people's Twitter respect you know he's probably got I don't know what like 70,000 followers maybe 100,000 I don't know what it is um so George is really good also so they're they're the ones I would say to follow if you want examples of what good content marketing is as well as kind of like uh marketing slash psychology hacks is what I would call them yeah this guy Harry Dry has some of the best stuff he's like she just basically takes landing pages and he goes this is why this is good and he does very simply have you seen his his Kanye West thing what did he do I remember something like that so Ben pull this up go to go to the Kanye West story.com I think that's what it's called so basically this is like a blog post that he just like tricked out it's like exhibit knocked on the door and was there to pimp his blog and uh maybe I got the domain wrong maybe it's not it's the Kanye story.com yeah the Kanye story.com and uh it's basically this epic website blog post that's just like a scrolling story about the day he got in touch with Kanye West and how it all went down and so it's like it starts with it starts with this like epic photo of Kanye that you scroll and it's like a slide it's like from lying in bed with zero ideas to negotiating with the biggest superstar on planet earth and then it's got this little like outline on the left it's like the idea going viral coding it launching it reborn billboards yeezy and then it's just those the chapters of this story and he just tells a great very simple you know hustler story but I just love this like domain the way he designed this blog again this guy is an artist and I'm like I really respect him and when I come up with shit I think I like use him as one of my mood boards of inspiration of like something that I'll copy or I'll steal inspiration from at the least this kid's amazing yeah he's he's 25 years old that was way off I think when we I want to do something I want to like launch something with this guy I don't know I my new thing is like I find people who are just awesome and I find an excuse to collab with them and I would put both George and Harry in that bucket all right your turn um all right we're gonna go with uh the pessimistic what's this called the pessimist what's the full one the pessimist archive that's what it's called uh the handle is like just pessimistic pessimist arc uh so basically what it is is it's incredibly fascinating because it's a twitter handle that looks back at history and brings up topics that people complain about today so for example there's a um a tweet from november 16th 1918 or a news article and it says I would rather spend the rest of my life in jail than wear one and it's talking about a guy who doesn't want to wear a flu mask and then there's another example of of someone saying like uh oh here's a quote from martin luther king saying like you know there's too many books out there people are trying to write too much and become famous and it's basically he's talking about like influencers uh and it's kind of funny and then this is great there'll be another one where it's like technology is just gonna kill our brains and they're like referring to like a telephone and so it's yeah it's real and so if you read just the tweet part you would think that they're talking about now but then they show you a different year and then they show you a picture of the article and it's from a newspaper from the 1800s and so it's kind of cool because people complain about the same shit all the time and so you'll think like oh our country's more divided by divided than ever or like the wealth gap is like crazy or right same problem it's like narratives that it's like yeah all those things could be true but like oftentimes people think it's worse than ever before and maybe that's not the case because people have been complaining about the same shit forever like okay there's one with school shooters and it's like um the you know these guys were addicted to books and they were reading these these gory books and that's why they shot up their like their local town instead of video games they're blaming like this uh the novel the dime novels whatever those are and it really and my takeaway here is two two things the first thing is that we react this oftentimes human beings react the same through for centuries and if you study why people react the way they do you can begin to predict to predict this and so if i can if i figure out in history what have been some of the common reactions to action x y and z i can kind of look into the future and or at the present time being like okay i think people are going to react by doing blank blank any blank because that's just how we're wired um the second thing that it does is it like brings you to like senses a little bit where you're like okay i need to be calm people have complained about this literally for 150 years and we're doing okay and uh so that's interesting and i was reading this book human nature by robert green ben i don't know if you've read this or not maybe you could tell me but i'm almost positive somewhere in this book that they said that one of the very first bits of written language that they found was of people complaining about the younger generation and how they aren't going to keep the cultures that the old or keep the traditions that the older generation has created you know what i mean it's this idea of like old people complaining about young people being lazy like one of the very first evit pieces of evidence of of written language it was a story of complaining about that so anyway i like seeing those patterns so that's mine yeah that's uh you know what's what's the phrase history doesn't repeat itself but it rhymes yes and uh that's that's like what this account is you know in a nutshell there's some really great ones on this i have a similar stash uh in my swipe file that i've been keeping for for years i kind of forgot to update it recently but it was called smart people saying dumb things and i would store anytime somebody who is clearly smart and successful said something that was very wrong so for example you know warren buffett uh was very very dismissive of like you know certain technologies what you know bitcoin today but before that you know internet technology stocks um that he just didn't understand that he didn't understand them and so therefore made some disparaging comments or um like ray dalio predicting like a crisis in the 80s yeah or um you know steve balmer laughing and saying you know and he's cackling and saying nobody will ever buy a thousand dollar phone like they just don't get it apple you know apple will fail or whatever so i did that partly because there's like a in the moment there's like a junk food fun of it which is like ha yes wrong you know there's a joy when when somebody successful is pointed out to be very wrong about something but there's more than that the real reason i did it was to remind myself that like it's very easy to kind of go into hero worship mode and to idolize certain people or put them on a pedestal and just because you're smart in one thing doesn't mean you're smart in another or just because you're right a lot doesn't mean you're right all the time it's a very important lesson because i made big mistakes like for example i think i've missed out i bought tesla stock very early on i think i bought it under a hundred dollars a share and i think if you uh if you adjust for the splits i think it's now over like five thousand dollars a share so i think i i would have made about five million dollars on a stock buy that i had really if i just held and um through and the reason i didn't hold wasn't because i wanted to take profits it was because i got spooked by first there was like a lot of people at a given time that were called tesla q do you know about that uh was that the thing where they said that like the it's fake like their factories are fake but it's not that the factories are fake but that there's sort of like fraud deception that the fundamentals don't make sense and that tesla's going to go to zero tesla will josh wolf the guy like spreading those yes exactly so josh so there was mostly anonymous accounts on twitter and reddit and so i'd read it and i was like okay i always want to learn what is the other side i was so bullish on tesla did this at this point tesla wasn't even anywhere near where it is today right um and so it was like okay you know tesla's gone from 90 a share where i bought it to 380 a share great but like you know i still think it's got a lot of room to run and and i was reading i always want to know what is the what do people who disagree with me say and what's their argument do i do i believe it and so i read it and i was like oh there is some weird stuff like wow they've gone through 25 cfos like that sounds strange like why does the cfo keep leaving and like the people would have this like drone footage of like parking lots just full of teslas that they're taking like why are they stashing teslas in these parking garages look at this every car in this six-door car garage is a tesla why is it here what are they are they faking deliveries and sales like what what is this so there was a lot of like if there's smoke there's fire was there any truth in any of this honestly oh here's my honest take i actually think that there was a lot of truth to what was going on i think that and the reason why i say this is i don't think it's as bad as they said but i also don't think it's as good as tesla portrayed it meaning i think there actually was a period of time where tesla almost died where it actually almost did go bankrupt because um of like the combination of the production ramp up was going too slow they had the production line was not moving fast enough uh the subsidies were there but they could have gone away and like all this stuff and i think there was like a lot of um kind of like you know fake it till you make it going on there and elon has even come out and said in the past he goes he was talking about when um when clean tech was big and the government was giving money to this thing it's called solyndra or something like that and he came out and he said same thing happened with enron where it was like five weeks before it went under they were like not just saying everything's going to be okay they were saying everything's better than ever and he and elon came out and was sort of like what do you want people to say he's like you know it is in the incentive of somebody of the captain of that ship to go down with the ship and the whole time be saying oh we're so close to our destination basically he was like they're never going to come out and say yeah we don't know we might not make it because then that will guarantee you don't make it because people will sell the stock it'll put so much negative pressure on the company it'll hurt the morale inside the company and so you can't ever come out and say i don't know we might not make it so you always have to say make it of course we're going to make it we're thriving and like you just hope it actually comes true he said something to that effect in an interview once i read and i was like i feel like he's describing what actually was going on inside tesla that's amazing so anyways long story short was i didn't believe it didn't believe it didn't believe it i was sort of like reading it but i didn't pull the trigger and then josh wolf this guy's a very very smart guy successful vc not an anonymous twitter egg account who's like just shorting the stock and trying to like spread fear he was really shitting on it consistently for the course of a year and at some point i was like you know what will i regret more selling the stock now and taking my profit if i'm wrong or seeing all these signals and not like going with what seems to be a mounting amount of evidence how much did you buy guess what i was wrong tesla becomes elon becomes the richest man in the world tesla becomes a 600 billion dollar company i bought it at a six billion dollar valuation or something crazy like that and so you know i missed out on a 50 to 100 x uh you know somewhere along the way and uh and so yeah i do regret i actually turned out to be wrong i would have regretted more this scenario happening but it seemed improbable wait so you bought 100 grand worth of tesla stock i didn't buy 100 grand i think i bought like i don't know i don't even know what it was it wasn't 100 i don't think that's that's not what i was buying back then because this was like i was like 23 years old or something at the time it was a long time ago and basically i think i bought like 30 or 40 grand of the stock at a certain price and i remember because i remember doing the math and thinking okay they're valued at like five or six billion now what is ford and gm valued okay they're valued at 25 billion okay on one hand that seems crazy that they're only five times less when they deliver like 200 times less cars but i was like i really think like the cars are going to go electric but these old fucks are never going to switch and he's got this like vertically integrated it's like actually a battery and energy company it's not even a car company and this was before self-driving so it wasn't so it was a good pick i mean yeah but you know if you get it wrong you get it wrong so egg on my face and by the way on this note of the the pessimist archive i saw this youtube video that was um i don't know if you heard about this a few years ago elon musk negotiated a very unique compensation package do you know about this uh yeah basically he got some crazy bonuses if some crazy goals happened yeah so he had he had set up this thing where he gets absolutely his entire compensation was tied to the um the market cap of tesla and like it was at 50 billion i think at the time when he had done it and um it was like every 50 billion increments he was going to get more and so it's like if i get this to 100 billion then i get x i get i think he would get uh like one percent or two percent more of the company each time i i i should have i didn't know we're gonna talk about this i could have mapped it out but basically he was going to get a percentage more of the company for every 50 billion they go up in market cap as they also have to hit certain um like revenue and earnings uh at that time and he had no guaranteed income so basically if tesla just went from 50 to 99 billion he would get zero during that time and he had five years to do it and the top of the compensation plan was if they became a 600 billion dollar company then he was going to become like he was going to get this like he would own like 10 of it or whatever he would own some ridiculous amount that would get unlocked for him and he would be essentially the richest man in the world and there's all these there's this clip of uh and what's his name andrew sorkin or whatever his name is the guy on cnbc fast money or whatever um of them they're outlining the plan and they're laughing they're just laughing at him they're like i don't even know why they included these tears like for tesla to get that would be i mean there's no way and they're all laughing they're like there's no chance and they're like this is such a weird thing why did he do this and they're like basically laughing at him and saying how outrageous the top end of it was where it just made no sense it's like well to do that tesla would need to become like the fifth most valuable company in the world or third most valuable company in the world and they're like that's ridiculous but i guess you know aim high i guess ha ha ha no guaranteed compensation of any time of any kind at all he gets a salary cash bonus equity uh he only gets equity that that vests over time but only if he reaches uh these hurdle rates which are dare i say crazy so right now the company's worth 59 billion dollars they run at 50 billion dollar increments so if he gets the company to 100 billion dollars you're just talking market capitalization not based on revenue not based on the number of production there's gonna be two metrics at each step so the first step is he has to get the company to 100 billion dollars and reach these operational and adjusted ebitda and revenue number if he doesn't get either of them he gets nothing that's kind of a weird way to break it down based on market if he gets to 150 and has to hit the operational numbers i mean the market can be irrational so you can't control that at each 50 billion dollar number he collects one percent of the company if somehow magically he would get the company to 650 billion dollars which is literally what the plan calls for if you can believe this uh he would collect the equivalent of about 55 billion dollars in compensation otherwise he gets absolutely okay what if you get it to 650 billion dollars and then it immediately and then sure enough he he's like i think he just hit it or he's about to hit that that last final thing and sure enough he's the richest man in the world now that's badass bet on yourself i need to go back well if you're him all right i'm gonna tell you a handle that would have helped you so you know who ryan holiday is definitely right yes uh ryan holiday is an author just kind of like a personality but mostly an author and he does stoicism stuff and i included him but i'm gonna actually tell you the one you should follow so i like ryan holiday because he's got these things that are not business related but help me in business and help me in life and so he's got five lessons from seneca seneca was a greek i actually don't know what he was uh he was a philosopher uh and so they are we suffer what was he i think he was greek i didn't look it up he was roman ben thank you uh we suffer more imagination or five stoic lessons from seneca we suffer more in imagination than in reality associate only with people who improve you the greatest remedy for anger this is the best one the greatest remedy for anger is delay nice value your time more than your possessions and death is not in the distant future we are dying every day and he's got these amazing things that i love badass but he's got this other twitter handle called the daily stoic i love the daily stoic and they just like tweet out all these like interesting stoicism tidbits that's his right it's his brand it's his and it's incredibly useful this stuff is like it's one of the stoicisms one of the few philosophies that's like actively um it's practical and you could use on a daily basis and so i like following this account it reminds me to do certain things so so correct me if i'm wrong so uh i had heard about stoicism from ryan holiday tim ferris a bunch of others so i go i buy meditations by marcus aurelius i sit down i start to read it and i'm sort of just trying to understand what the heck is this philosophy and there were some things i thought really cool like the tweet like that tweet you just read out those five principles like that resonates with me but there was like a part of it which was sort of like feel neither the highs nor the lows it seemed almost like a philosophy and i think i'm wrong so i want you to correct me uh it seemed like a philosophy which was sort of like feel nothing yeah and i think that you're almost nothing doesn't seem very fun why do we why do i want to feel nothing so that's my big that's my actually a really good criticism in my opinion of stoicism and it's my criticism of stoicism which is a lack of joy and a lot of stoics this is me a steel arm steel manning by the way a lot of stoics will say um no like there's joy like if you read it differently there's room for joy or they never say you can't have joy and they're not wrong but oftentimes it's how to deal with pain and misery and the idea is basically you accept the fact that you're going to come into contact with a bunch of idiots all day who are going to want to hurt you and steal from you but that's okay you do like a negative visualization right you like imagine things going wrong which again just feels very not so fun for me and not the way i have not not that's not a formula that's worked for me in fact the exact opposite has worked for me that formula has worked for me actually so what i do is like all right today i've got cancer i can't get out of bed because i'm like harsh you do this every day i do it a lot or i'll be like look like like if i'm feeling sad i'll be like my i just got my leg cut off like i can't walk i wish i could have done sports and then i'll be like wait a minute i have both legs i don't feel sick let's go celebrate an exercise or you know what i mean or like you know i'm happy my dog is not dead and i'll go and it makes me appreciate him yeah it's called negative visualization i think it's incredibly useful there's a there's this is this is to me so i will disagree with this there's a this to me is the argument of well there's kids starving in africa like in any given moment you could just sort of remember oh there's kids starving in africa there's kids starving in africa i my boyfriend broke up with me well at least i'm not kids starving in africa and um and i i get the utility of it i've used it myself but in my experience i've learned that it's a bit of a roundabout way to a destination of gratitude and like you don't have to go to feeling the stress and the pain and the suffering of bad in order to feel the gratefulness around the good and so i found it i guess my personal experience has been i think it's a roundabout way to gratitude and like i might as well just go straight to gratitude don't need to uh don't need to think about all the bad things think about all the bad things that could happen and go there this it's not been useful for me i remember like when i get a sore throat i always feel this way and when i get like a toothache i'm like i wish i could go back to the days where my tooth didn't hurt like if you had like a toothache is like the most pain you could be in or sometimes and i'm like i like i you're like i i don't remember like sometimes it might if all the women who have given birth are like what the fuck is this guy talking about yeah but like a toothache is the worst pain you could feel or like like in my like whenever i get ear aches and toothaches i'm like you know it's like this internal pain it's like i can't make the pain stop and i just have to deal with it until i have an appointment in three days and then you get like two days in and you're like i don't remember what it felt like to not feel this pain and so i got into the habit i'd be like i would be so thankful if i could if my throat didn't hurt today and i could just swallow food that would make me so happy and days when i don't i'm not sick i try to think back i'm like this is exactly what i wanted i wanted to feel happy that i'm not sick today and so i think about that stuff all the time so anyway ryan holiday and the daily stoic is a good follow you're up all right um by the way i know we didn't do stoicism justice for people who are like diehards sorry uh people should look i don't think it is no emotions i think it's like more subtle than that but but that's a really good i think your criticism's great which is like i think it's what a lot of people run into a lack of excited and then they're like but wait is this what i want yeah it's like where's the room for fart jokes you know what i mean i'm gonna give you two niche experts they're in different niches but i like them okay so uh i should link their accounts here for you to uh this first guy i don't know exactly how you say his name his name is aviral botnagar uh and i'm gonna link you his twitter it's aviral bot and uh i'm gonna put it uh where do i put it i put it on the sheet that we have okay you got it so this guy aviral botnagar he is a venture capitalist in india and his blog is a junior vc.com this guy puts out really really high signal stuff around what's going on in india um like for example he has a tweet that he put out yesterday or that was india now exports more software 133 billion than saudi arabia exports oil 113 billion we are the india is the largest engineering population in the world uh what an amazing story that's come come out over the last 40 years how'd you find this guy this is the best this one's the best one this is the most helpful one on the list yeah and so like i i do a lot of investing in indian startups and i was like okay if i'm gonna invest in new startups i'm not on the ground i'm not the like local domain expert so what did i do i invested in a fund i became an investor in somebody else's fund that's india focused i was like okay cool i'm gonna get insights from him and i can bounce any deal off him to see if he wants to participate and maybe he has a local view that i don't understand and then this was another guy that i thought was really smart so i wanted to find who i wanted to basically see who's the thought leader in that space and then how do i subscribe to them and so his um you know his like blog i think has 50 000 subscribers now so he's not like you know no name uh but he's very niche and he talks about kind of like the indian tech scene and what's going on you know at a macro level whatever so i found this guy to be i think he's doing a really good job of content creation so i'm gonna pick this guy is there one niche is there such a thing is this for china i'm sure there is actually this is a good idea i should just um like find this person for like latem for europe you know for different parts of europe uh for for india for china and for australia maybe um and if there is none be this guy this guy this is a valuable position to become super valuable there's this guy named bill bishop i think his name is bill bishop had a newsletter uh called steinism i think it's called you know i'm talking about no um sino sinosism i don't know what that means uh sinosism um s-i-n-o-c-i-s-m for a long time he was the most popular guy on substack and his entire newsletter is it's called get smarter about china and he just tells you about the business of china and you can see all like the latest trends coming out of china it would be really great arbitrage to do by the way if you instead of trying to compete in the same pond as everybody else like go provide a really useful bridge into one specific market or one specific uh geography um like i i've told the story before i think but like one of the most influential people in my life was this teacher named lisa keister at duke university and she taught this class called getting rich and her story was she graduated that was the name of the class his name of the class yeah everyone take that it was the it was one of the hardest classes to get into because it was a great name great title right so you already know this person's not just like every other professor like she understands like her customer her market the second thing was it was she was the highest rated professor on like rate my professor.com and greatest thing she had a chili pepper next to her name so she was like hot too it was like oh it was everything so i i wake up at five in the morning we go to the library to get on the highest speed internet connection and as soon as the course listings open up we like jumped on it and we got into this class and i go in and she was she tells her story she goes actually i was a student at duke 10 years ago or 11 years ago whatever it was she goes i graduated with a degree in mandarin because that's just what was interesting to me and at the time everybody was making fun of me actually she was older than this now but she had started teaching back when she was like 32 or something now she might be 42 or 52 or something like that but she goes i graduated with this degree all my like friends were like good luck with that you know how's that mandarin degree gonna gonna help you out get a job here because i'm gonna i'm gonna go to med school i'm gonna be a lawyer i'm gonna be a consultant like what are you gonna do with that chinese degree and she's like well i bet i can get a job in china and they're like what and so she bought a one-way ticket just goes to china and she just starts waving her hand she's like hey people in china like i know english i know companies in the west um and i would love to learn about you and then be a bridge and she became a bridge basically between companies in china and companies in america if an american company wanted to do business china they would do it through her because she like could translate the not just literally the language but like she knew who to talk to she became like the local expert there she'd be and this like to me this guy on twitter he's my bridge into knowing what's going on in the scene in india and so what her story was she made a killing doing that because it was really valuable companies in china really wanted to do business with the companies in the west then she invested all of it in the tech in the tech stock market because she's like oh i can tell tech companies are the ones that are doing well so she and then right before the bubble burst she pulled it all out to be like oh i want to do real estate now and she like just timed it perfectly accidentally invested all in real estate from 2000 2008 right before the real estate crash happened she took it out again because she just wanted to do something else for the life and basically by 32 was retired and like you know uh was like what i want to do i want to go teach and teach kids what i wish i knew back then how wealthy that she got i think she made like you know a few million dollars at least and like you know probably like five seven million dollars and like um you know she wants she lives in in durham and she teaches at school i mean i have no idea what was the class totally i'm totally guessing so the class was basically it was you know like ramit said it was like personal finance which is like she's like you probably need she wanted to teach what she wish she learned when she was in school so she's like i wish they taught you about how to manage money so she would show us like the power of compound interest over time like why you should save early and versus saving more money when you're 30 versus saving even a little bit of money when you're 20 and then like what is a mortgage and like how does that work and like then so and then every other class she would just invite in someone who made it like someone who's successful financially but doing a completely different thing just to expose you to like look there's like 50 paths dude this is like this podcast pretty much yeah one would be this girl who started a t-shirt company licensing university logos and she would tell her story then she she got jamie diamond on the phone and like jamie diamond is like you know the head of whatever morton stanley or whatever uh and like then she had this hedge fund guy from san francisco come out and he's like yeah here's what he's like he surveyed the room he goes do you guys use uh microsoft or apple products and they're and people are answering he goes uh he asked like three questions and we were like why did you ask that he goes because then i'm only going to make one decision this year and it's whether to invest like hundreds of millions of dollars into apple or not and um he's like so all i'm doing is i'm just trying to figure out what is the right decision on that i was like whoa that's a job that's a that's epic and he he had said in his when he was in the class he goes by the way uh all you guys are gonna just have the same resume he goes you're all trying to do the same thing you're all trying to get grades and then like these internships he's like so the first three-fourths of your resume think about it it's gonna look the same as everybody else in this room like i'm not really gonna be able to tell the difference he goes the only thing that's gonna differentiate any of you is that bottom section where it's called other like other interests he's like so at this school everybody's gonna teach you to like work on that top three-fourths of the resume in reality you should be working on the bottom the bottom one-fourth of that resume because that's what guys like me look at everybody's got a degree everybody's got good grades everybody went to a good school i've never wait have i told you about the bottom fourth of the resume no what is that that's so funny that you you even use that fraction i always tell my when i own the company i would say i just care about the bottom fourth i'd always say just tell me this wow and i would always say that and i'd be like one of the greatest people would ask me how do you find good writers i was like well here's one real easy way ask them about the bottom fourth and they go what do you mean i was like well just it doesn't matter what they studied in school ask them um okay so you majored in philosophy what's your favorite uh philosophy class or favorite philosophy teacher and if they can't tell me a story about something that they spent four years and hundreds of thousands of dollars on then they're just not going to be a good writer because they're not interesting enough right and so i would always ask about the bottom fourth of the resume for all types of roles because i'm like if you're just if you can't entertain me for this conversation then you just don't have any passion and i don't want to be around you right that's amazing okay so maybe this becomes one of the the core frameworks that's a you know one one person saying it that's just a dot two people saying that's a line i interviewed uh i got that from uh gold brian goldberg who founded uh bustle and he has this amazing article and he says it's headlined losers exist stay away from them and it's basically like how to only hire winners it's from pando from years and years ago and he's a brilliant writer but he doesn't write anymore because he's kind of a loose cannon but it was titled losers exist how to avoid them and it talks about uh one of the best ways to ask about the bottom fourth and if you're you're a loser if you can't like be passionate about something that you spent four years studying uh no dude this article is gone it's it pan you know like pando died let me see if there's a cash version there is a cash version uh okay we we're back in luck the headline is losers exist don't hire them yeah awesome um okay let's do uh let's do a couple more i'm gonna give a couple quick ones uh okay this other person who i think is a niche expert is this guy willie woo do you follow him no i'm looking him up now i'm following all these people the the indian guy is the best one so far but let's look at willie woo yeah i don't think you'll like this one because it's very crypto specific but this guy willie woo is i think the leading crypto analyst and um you know in most things like these people who analyze charts and stuff like that they're like it's a little bit like horoscopy they're like ah look the trend is going this way and like if you draw this t-shaped it's going to be the iron cross pattern and like you know so bye bye bye and um in crypto there's one unique thing which is that all the data is there's a lot more transparency all the you know everything that's happening is happening on a chain on a public blockchain so you can actually go analyze it so like he looks at all these metrics that are like um you know he won't just look at the price for example there's things like what is the actual average buy-in price because it's one thing for the price to go up or for people to like not be selling because they bought it in 2013 and they you know their cost basis was like five dollars and your cost basis now is fifty thousand dollars so it looks at like what the actual price people buying in what is the average price people bought in for and that tells you like if it's low versus the actual price you're like okay um you know it's mostly you know it's mostly just like same coins and old hands versus if it's higher you realize that people are buying in at the current price levels and that's pulling the average up um and so there's there's a whole bunch of things like that like um coin age like um are old coins moving meaning like if og believers start selling that's kind of a signal like it's like when a ceo starts selling their stock it's like wait why are you selling your stock that doesn't seem quite right um what's the reason and so like when a bunch of old hands start selling that's actually a signal that comes before the price changes it may not even affect the price yet but it's an indicator of something to come damn all right i just follow them so this guy's got all kinds of analysis and he's a lot more reasonable so crypto is full of especially crypto twitter is full of like just propaganda artists and they're good at it they're like they will make you believe that some random nft is the hottest because it's like one guy controlling 55 bot accounts and they're all replying to every tweet that uses the word you know art with like a link to their freaking project there's so much propaganda there's so much noise and there's somebody like just believers who if you say if i if i just go out there to say and i say my price prediction for 2022 is six six million dollars a coin um i'll get a bunch of attention because people want to believe that yeah the number's going to keep going up and so this guy is a lot more reasonable like he's still obviously a big believer he's super bullish on bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general but he grounds it at least in like real analysis and i find that to be quite valuable all right i follow them i think that's cool is he what what does he like actually make predictions yeah he'll make predictions but it's not he's not like he doesn't get just like intoxicated with just prediction after prediction it's more like let me explain the way things are moving and then when a move happens he'll explain what actually happened who actually was it a big one whale dumping was it a lot of old hands selling what's causing this bear market he'll say look there was actually a lot of leverage in china and those got liquidated and that's what drove the price down and like you can get an explanation for like what otherwise feels like pretty arbitrary price movements that's badass all right let me give you one um yeah roheen dwar i actually don't know how to spell rohen's last name or say rohen's last name it's d-h-a-r so this guy uh founded this company called priceonomics you remember priceonomics yes i've followed this guy this guy's good okay so he's interesting priceonomics was interesting we actually recruited a bunch of people from there and i love that company i don't know if it's really around anymore but it's just a blog but his new like started as a side hustle now it's kind of like a full-time thing and i actually showed you two examples even sully is commenting on it and this guy he owns i think 12 or 10 or 8 somewhere in that 8 to 12 range he owns eight single-family homes in new mexico in california hawaii wherever um and you can go and look and he'll kind of show you where they are and i'll show pictures of them and he'd rent them out on airbnb and sometimes when his kids are on vacation or not school he'll go and stay in his homes and he reveals all of the numbers and all of the updates so on december 6th he tweeted these are my monthly mortgage payments on each of the homes in my small uh portfolio of vacation rentals uh another one is he'll say like you know currently we're seeing this type of occupancy rate and we actually just added a surfboard to our house in hawaii and we noticed that we could get more money for it or something like that and he takes screenshots and he shows all of the revenue that he's making as well as how much money things have cost uh cost him to buy and he'll even do things like recently he posted a couple listings he's like i think i could turn this into an airbnb and he'll just like link to the redfin house listing and he's like i think i can get these numbers so it's actually really cool to see him in real time make it all happen yeah i like this this is awesome uh i didn't realize that he was doing this this is it's kind of new yeah he's been at it for a while he's been at it for now his new stick he's doing it for six years but i don't think he was i don't think he was as public about it he wasn't as public about it he was not as public about it but now he's like all in on it and it's so fun uh it's a really fun handle to follow because sometimes his properties are like a quarter of a million and he puts down 20 so he puts down or sometimes even less i think so he'll put down like 40 or 50 000 on these properties and that's pretty attainable for a lot of people and so it's kind of interesting right um okay i have a okay let's do a couple funny ones um okay have you heard of this account james friedman it's f jamie 013 uh is it on this list no so what is it james friedman f james friedman or i don't know maybe it's friedman but it's frid frid a man uh no who what okay so uh so he is uh he's got two million followers he's definitely popular he's the photoshop guy so basically people will photoshop like uh hey james my boyfriend's wearing this calvin klein photo the same calvin klein t-shirt in every um in every photo that we i take with him can you just remove the the logo of calvin klein and then like he he does the request but he doesn't he's not actually just photoshopping it it makes it hilarious so like it's very visual so you know you need like youtube to be able to see what i'm saying here but like he photoshopped the the this guy's wearing calvin klein shirt of like you know it just says across the chest calvin klein jeans and uh so he like photoshopped it with that ripped off so that little section ripped off now you can just see his chest and uh and so it's like fucks it actually like fucks up the photo it doesn't make it good like the girl wants uh and it says calvin klein tattooed on his chest now instead of on the shirt um and so it's like uh like people will just be like you know um you know we here's my wedding photo uh but we forgot to wear a mask during our wedding photos can you photoshop a mask on instead of photoshopping a covid mask he'll put like you know the green mask from jim carrey's like the mask on their face it's just like people request it and then he does the like he does the request but he does it wrong in a way that they're not happy with um they'll be like you know my my arms look too big here and then he'll make them like absurdly tiny or whatever and so it's just hilarious he's got two million followers he's like i look funny with one arm and then so he just or uh you can't see my other arm so it looks funny with just one arm and so he just deletes the the second arm so the person's armless yeah exactly uh i mean i think he has like a book or something like called the joy of photoshop it's it says uh asking the wrong guy for help this is awesome this is cool i've never seen this i'm gonna follow him uh you want to go do a few more quick funny ones uh yeah let's do another one uh we have a friend nikita beer he's pretty funny in like the tech world um what do you think his account hilarious he's a shithead yeah i'm actually amazed that he does some of the stuff that he does and that's why i like him well it's kind of like the donald trump rule right which is like you say one offensive or weird thing um you know you're canceled but you say all offensive and weird things uh you're you get like you know you get the pass how did he get away with that that's that's the key is like if every post makes fun of something that's cool if only one does then you're an all this stuff is making fun of something so i think it's a great follow and his profile picture is hilarious yeah his profile picture is uh is good um all right you want to do one more um yeah okay i like this one i don't know if you know this guy i don't think you do i don't know if you'd be interested in him his name is harallabob what's he do so harallabob story is kind of crazy is this the crypto guy so he's actually he's transitioned from being the the one thing guy to the next thing guy to the next guy okay so he started off he got famous because he was a big sports better and he famously one year and i think the year 2000 like just absolutely raked it in in vegas because he found an arbitrage that he could bet on and he just like milked it and uh he realized that like i think it was something he's had a few of these where he just faced he finds he would find inefficiencies in the sports betting market and that's how he made like millions of dollars so he found like one year of that what they would do is um let's say that they would have an over under a total points for a game and let's say it's 200 points for the game um now vegas is like weirdly accurate with over unders like they will get it like so spot on it'll come down like the last possession and like it'll flip over or under so they're very good at doing that it doesn't seem like there's much inefficiency there but like in basketball what happens is that the first half of basketball you just play and then you go to half time but at the end of the game there's often this situation where the losing team will start fouling the winning team to like stop the clock make them shoot free throws and then try to like they're trying to make threes while the other team could only shoot two free throws at a time so what it led to was that the second half had more points than the first half but vegas had this small bet called the they would take the over under and it would say you can bet the first half over under and it was just dividing it by two so it's like dividing the total by two so the total was always really accurate but the the first half over under was underpriced it was oh it was like too frequently too uh too high so he was just betting the under so he'd find these like little inefficiencies certain refs are really foul prone um and so he would know that okay when that ref is reffing this game that team is going to score more than their normal average and so he he would analyze the refs when nobody was analyzing the refs and he would just bet for a whole season on just the refs um and he actually uncovered i think he figured out before the nba uncovered that that ref tim donahy was like cheating basically because like it was always weird happening on that guy's games uh and and so i i'm paraphrasing because he doesn't like totally out his whole strategy but like he's talked about it before like you know the lakers in one year were undervalued in a way and so he was able to bet them so he made millions of dollars doing that and i think he then he became um then he gets hired by an nba mark cuban hires him to be his like secret weapon for the maps yeah but he only worked there for a few days right no he worked there for like a year or two and then he famously you know left or left slash got fired this year he left but like an article came out saying everybody in the company hates harala bob because he has mark cuban's ear and like you know he has too much power for like his like random position as special advisor and stuff like that they made him seem like this like master puppeteer and whatever he left uh and now he's like big time and he's been in he's been big time into crypto recently and so he's just like the intersection of all my interests like sports betting poker gambling nba games and like nba personnel stuff franchise management and now crypto and so i just think this guy's like kind of a baller degenerate gambler type of dude and he kind of looks like a shithead so i like him automatically and he's not afraid to talk because he's not like employed by you know somebody or whatever uh so you know he uh he basically like um he's kind of like a one-man band which i think is great i think those people tend to be the most interesting because they could speak their mind and he's kind of like a shithead degenerate gambler type so he's got you know the sense of humor that you find when you run in those circles which is like you know part like smart alec because you're just like actually really smart and clever and you're finding like the edges uh but also part shithead where you're just like you don't mind just making fun of people and calling them dumb this episode turned into like the slumdog millionaire of um twitter where like we name we named 10 things and then a super in-depth story on each one and why it's interesting yeah yeah that's true actually it's more about their backstories than their twitter i think it's going to be cool um ben what do you think are people going to dig uh stuff like this people are going to love it people love lists like sean said we sold out but you know what this is a good thing to sell out for because it's a good episode we um we had one title the other day either it was the title or it's the thumbnail like they used the thumbnail that i looked stupid or a title that made me sound like an idiot and i was like ben i don't like that he goes oh you thought that selling out to the algorithm was gonna feel good yeah i had them change the title also for the hasam nash episode it came out it was like reveals all his comedy secrets and i was like i don't even we didn't even talk about that and like we didn't he didn't even talk about his comedy secrets and uh you know i feel like that's a guest i'm trying to look cool with man you kind of like making me look dumb in front of my friend i'm trying to look cool with so can we like change that like you can make me look dumb but don't make me look dumb in front of somebody who i care about are you guys friends now uh yeah we're buddies it's great that's that's pretty i feel like that's a big a big thing right like you're you're friends with like a guy who's almost a hero almost a strange description well like i don't know i didn't know how much you looked up to him but i knew you looked up to him a lot okay there's there's definitely like a part of it which i think uh you know is kind of like the embarrassing part of anybody where it's like you know like i find it really embarrassing when people see a celebrity and they lose their mind and they go and they like take a photo with them and they like ask them for an autograph like can you please write your name on this piece of paper like i mean it's a real like move if you think about it it's very strange you know if i had my memory wiped and i came back into society i'd be like you just did what like you know why did you make yourself seem like that's how i used to think uh that's how i used to think when i would see people with like trump flags or any other politician flag or they're like his face i'm like it's kind of weird to have a grown man's face all over your body yeah exactly and then like you know i fanboy about ufc and shit like that i get super excited so there's you know there's still people that like i still can fanboy about so there's definitely that part of it which is like oh it's kind of cool that someone someone that's kind of famous is like your friend but that wears off after like i don't know 10 seconds um or at least for me i'm like this is like a lame feeling um the thing i like is that he actually is super helpful like uh he asked really interesting questions like first of all we was like okay let's take let's take uh his career and my career completely out of it if you have a conversation with this person do you like them do you get along like do you do they say interesting things or is it just boring same old same old commentary that everybody has like no dude's super interesting has really good questions that has cool opinions then the second part of it is um are you gonna like like i told you this framework which is good friends consume together great friends create together and so i told him i said dude a dream of mine is to like do like a 10 minute comedy set someday like i just think that would be such a thrill such a challenge you know like that's one of the few things that i can make you know make me you know nervous or scared is it gonna help is the idea of doing that and so he like i didn't even ask him for help i would never like i wouldn't really ask him for help like dude your time's a lot more valuable than helping me with my like hobby dream you know um like yeah i'm that like kind of out of shape guy who wants to wear the jersey and they dribble up and down the court in madison square garden like yeah i want that but like you don't need to help me but he has he texts me like really interesting kind of like the stuff i'm you know you know i'm a nerd about which is like frameworks kind of like techniques tactics of like okay what's behind the laugh the laugh doesn't just happen you know like there's a there's like there's a there's a there's a way to consistently recreate the laugh how do you do that and so he's been sharing some ideas with me and so you have to ask him be like can i share this tweet or can i share this text i did ask him i was like dude you should charge for this like this is unbelievable he's like he's like a don't share my i was like okay i'll go to the grave with it and then b so i haven't told nobody no not even not even my right hand man i don't don't don't even let him take a peek then the second part was uh he's like you know there's like this feeling in like a comedy and like acting which is like you could teach it but like if you teach it that's sort of like this like signal of like i couldn't do it so i became that acting teacher in you know new york or whatever uh and i think there's that same thing in tech which is like are you like teaching it because you like you couldn't make it as the operator i think there is that stigma in tech as well but much less so because in tech people figured out if i start blogging about my and tweeting about my i get my reputation goes up i get better deal flow i get to invest in better more badass companies it's like actually strategic right and it's not like that with versus like a fallback plan well i'm very eager sean to hear about your friendship with with this famous comedian fuck you fuck you for doing that congratulations on making a new friend ask hassan to tell you a text on why that was funny yeah for some of us it's natural yeah dissect that buddy all right that's the episode um you