He says he's at a hundred million plus run rate The Twitter weight loss thing we should start with that that's pretty interesting did you sign up for it? I signed up. I just ate a big old plate of veggies just now Because now because I'm like oh shit this is starting so explain what this is Okay, so when you're on camera you predict this happens a lot, but you get self-conscious but also we are both trying to lose weight Our friend Justin is doing a thing where we have venmo did you venmo him money?

So he tweeted out. Hey, I got an experiment for weight loss 30 days if you want in let me know and You had to venmo him 800 bucks. I did No, just did it right away just to pop commit myself into it And then he's gonna send us a blood glucose monitor it stays in you for 28 days 20 days and basically the way it works is he's gonna send a nutrition plan and like an eating plan but If you and if you stick to it, you'll be fine, but what problem is most people don't stick to it.

So Here's how it's gonna work If your blood glucose levels go out of the the range like the the healthy range the weight loss range that he's gonna prescribe for us So first he's gonna monitor your baseline then he's gonna say okay cool. Here's the range I want you to stay in if you stay in that range for the day he venmo's you back 25 bucks for the day And if you don't he keeps your money I Love it And he is doing this in a way where he's buying all of our monitors. Yes, which typically cost I think three hundred dollars 400 bucks if we stick to it by the end of this challenge, we've paid a hundred dollars we've lost a bunch of weight and We got paid back all our money if you stick to it if you don't I didn't even see it.

So we're giving them a hundred bucks. It's a hundred bucks net net if you if you if you do it to the Letter of the law you get this four hundred dollar device for a hundred dollars and you lost your weight I love it sick deal. Um, and we should explain who he is He's the founder of this thing called kettle and fire.

He also I think is one of the founders of perfect keto Yeah, so two keto products basically yeah, and I have no idea but I imagine his businesses collectively are in the 50 or 60 million dollar in revenue range So like he sees a lot of he says he's at a hundred million plus run rate For his two products for kettle and fire and perfect. Where did he say that on his website? Oh good for him.

Yeah, um I didn't know that which is pretty crazy for a keto product. Yeah, so Sounds like he's thinking of a new uh Business yeah, go ahead and copy that. Yeah, so I like it.

So what we'll do is uh when we get the device We'll just shout out our blood glucose levels during the show. I'm doing it I also use my body tutor where I take pictures of everything I eat right and I send it to my so I ate that donut Just now I'm gonna have to send that to them and they're gonna shame me. I guess I guess I guess that you ate it Well, there's some more out there.

I'll take a picture of it, okay But all I've eaten today is a donut and an orange. I'm good. All right, cool.

Cool weight loss idea. I like it. Justin mares Good stuff