I remember at one point you're telling me in Slack, you're like, these people just offered me 2 million bucks for this. Yeah. I'm like, holy shit, you did it.

We started the podcast, my first million. You just made your first 2 million. Congrats.

Like, I can't believe this worked out. You're like, I'm not going to sell though. And I was like, wow, this guy's insane.

And I was like, that's an insane story. All right. So I can't tell you how many times I hear this.

People will DM me every single day and they'll say, hey, I'm just calling my shot right now. Today, I'm a small boy. In three years from now, I'm going to be on MFM.

I'm going to be on my first million. I'm going to make my first million, do an XYZ. Yep.

Every single day I get a message like that. Here's somebody who actually did it. This is Ishan.

He was my intern turned guy who's made millions and millions of dollars, lost millions of dollars and had crazy journey in between. You were the guy who I created this podcast with. Yeah.

You were the guy who the cover art of our podcast. He created it. Um, you know, the intro song originally, the original intro song, he created it.

You know, I didn't even know how to record it. Audio at the time. This guy did all of it.

Um, you went from behind the scenes to now you're on the stage. Here in my house and we're going to record this episode. So I've made it.

You've made it. That's the teaser. All right.

Let's tell the story. All right. What's up man.

Yeah. What's up. What's up.

I, uh, so people don't know this. So you are. Ishan.

Yeah. You, uh, I met, I've known you since you were 18 years old. You still are kind of like 18 years old.

Out of yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. I still look like. You have 18 years old.

Yeah. You're 23 now. Yeah.

All right. So I'm thinking this episode is kind of like your title was an intern, but it's going to be good for you too. So we're going to be like intern.

My intern became a millionaire. Okay. Like yeah, I was a glorified and like my top official title is cheaper stuff.

Right. But just like, kind of like. Yeah.

And by the way, I got a good track record with this. I don't know if I'm doing anything, but I'm good at picking people because I worked with you at age 18. Yeah.

Steve Bartlett 19, maybe 20 years old. There's a guy, another guy named Sean who just tweeted out today that he's like, those four months I worked with you were super influential. He went from like guy just working someplace.

Now he's got an eight figure agency. So that was cool. Yeah.

Yeah. Danny Miranda works with me for a little bit. People know him in the podcast game.

Now he was with us for a couple months before he started creating contests. So I feel like those two are Sean. So maybe getting people that like sound similar to your dad.

Yeah. Yeah. The closer, the better actually.

Um, all right. So you've had a crazy run, but let's do, let's do the history. So how did we meet?

Uh, well, I followed you on Twitter when I was like 12, 13 years old. I was tweeting. My whole strategy was let me get my like, like profile picture.

And before we do that, I'm going to re intro the, the one part, which is. Yeah. One thing that people don't know is this podcast was started actually not with me and Sam, me and you.

Yeah. I hit you up on Twitter. DMS.

Yes. Yeah. And I saw that you were doing a, you were a podcast editor for somebody else.

I knew, um, I think Corey or Angel List or something like that. Yeah. Yeah.

Corey Levy. And so I, I had this idea or I want to do a podcast. I hit you up.

I didn't know how old you were, but I was like, Hey, do you want to, you want to produce for me? Then we got on a call. I was like, Oh man, this is like a kid somewhere.

You were at school at the time. Yeah. And I was like, will you, do you know how, how audio works?

And you're like, yes, I got you. So the, if people see the cover art of the podcast, you made that, um, the initial, like, you know, 20 episodes or whatever, all those intros and all the audio you made that. Yeah.

Then we started doing business experiments together. This was at a time where I was kind of like, I think I want to build an audience. Yeah.

And I also want to just launch some businesses. We launched a e-com businesses. We launched a bunch of shit together and then we all went off our own ways.

And then you had a crazy journey after that where you made millions of dollars, lost millions of dollars and all the rest. So we're going to talk about all that. Let's start at the beginning.

So I DM you, but we, you were actually were on Twitter where you said we were what? 13 years old. 13 years old.

I followed you. I was trying to just get my face like on all these people. And cause I'm from Australia, right?

There's no, there's no Silicon Valley. There's no like VCs and cool angels and all these people. So I was like, let me, this is my avenue to get to these people.

And then let me just like, even if it wasn't like a lot of value add, let me just tweet random shit. Hey guys. And I was doing that.

So if you just go on my Twitter, you'll find tweets of me, you know, tweeting off to Sean random shit and you'll respond here and there. But yeah, so that was like when I was, yeah, literally like 13, 14, whatever. And then a couple of years later, when I was doing the podcast with Corey is when, yeah, you DM to me and I was like, yeah, I already know who you are.

Let's do this. I think your name was, I think I found you cause your name was also Sean. And I was like, this is, this is, this is meant to be.

I can find this client info. Have you heard of HubSpot? HubSpot is a CRM platform.

So it shares its data across every application. Every team can stay aligned. No out of sync spreadsheets or dueling databases.

HubSpot grow better. Talk about the start. So when we were working together, tell me some of the things you remember.

Cause I remember I only wrote everyone's got their own version of history. Yeah. I remember in my head, like, you know, what we were thinking back then, but I'm curious, and this is our first time catching up in person.

Cause you live in Australia. And you're just in town. So I was, And you used to live it where I lived.

I was living in Brisbane. You also like way back when lived in Brisbane. Yeah.

So what's your version of history? What do you remember? The first thing I remember?

Well, I think the first thing I remember is when we're doing the podcast, like cover art and stuff, I sent you over some like, you know, like here's version A, version B, blah, blah, blah. And then you're like, hold on a second. You should add your name to the cover art.

Yeah. I thought that was really cool. That gave like me a lot of confidence.

Like, okay. Yeah. This is, I'm like, I'm, you know, a part of this as well.

I remember that was, that was a cool thing you did. Cause I think maybe there's some learning there with people that hire. Yeah.

Do people make them feel special. Yeah. Yeah.

You make it feel special. I do that. So that was also a really cool thing.

I remember. Um, also I'm just like the kind of craziness of like, let's start a crystal store today. And then like a few weeks later, let's start this other D to C thing.

Like make up, make the store 72 hours, go off and, and do it. It was like, it was, it was like some variation of like an incubator, but it's just like, two guys. At this time I'm working at Twitch.

I'm earning out my deal. We sold the Twitch. I'm now earning out and I know, okay, in a year, I get this vesting check.

Yeah. But in the meantime, like, frankly, I was pretty bored inside of a big company. I, you know, it's not, I knew that's not my longterm.

And I was like, you know, on the side here, what can I do to entertain myself? The podcast was one cool thing I'd always wanted to do. And then the other would be like, I would meet somebody and I'm like, oh, this person's killing it in e-com.

Yeah. Yo, Sean, I'm making an e-com store. And I remember for the crystals thing, I was like, I read some article.

I saw some magazine. Like I always try to look outside of like, I don't look at tech crunch to get tech ideas or like business ideas. I look at some release.

I remember reading like a people magazine and it was like Adele was saying she won't go on stage unless she has her like rose quartz crystal. And I was like, what? Like that's insane.

Like you, who believes in this crap? And I Googled it and I was like, after Kim Kardashian got mugged, she had like a $4 million ring. She got mugged and it was like, how did you recover?

She's like, well, my crystals really grounded me. And I was like, and then you see all these celebrities. I'm like, if again, I just think people are sort of like, I have this tweet that's like, the economy is just smart people paying beautiful people to market to, to sort of like average people.

And I was like, if all the celebrities are doing this, then there's gotta be a bunch of other people that believe in this. And so I remember calling you and you were like, the best part about you was your game. Yeah.

That's my favorite thing is like, if you hire somebody with no experience, there's a bunch of bad things. Like I'd be like, dude, like I haven't heard from you in two days. Where'd you go?

Yeah. But then on the good side, it'd be like, he doesn't know any better. So I could just be like, Hey, we're doing this and it's going to be, we're going to launch it in two days.

And you're probably just like, I don't know, is that normal? Maybe that's normal. Right?

Like, yeah. Because besides this, like I'd never, I've always been working for like internet people. I've never had like a traditional go to an office.

Right. And like, I was, I remember at the time I was like, I'm like, I'm going to finish uni. Should I go and be a consultant for like some bank or whatever?

Yeah. You asked me about. So, cause yeah, I just didn't know what the other, I guess I was just gay because I didn't know what the other world was like.

I was like, all right, this is kind of normal and doing this. So, um, so yeah, crazy stuff. Like just yeah, creating different e-com stores or different experiments.

We did like a newsletter, the good, terrible, bad, very bad. Oh, and then dude, I don't know. That was like that one.

Top five before. Milk road, right? Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Milk road became a successful newsletter company, but I guess before that, I don't even remember that we did launch a newsletter called the, the no good, very bad, terrible, something, something, something newsletter. Yeah.

I don't know whether it was why we called it that, but we basically were launching a bunch of experiments and I remember at the time one, one of my takeaways from that is that crystal store, for example, I didn't even know what winning looked like. So one problem with an experiment is easy to use this word experiment, but the way a science experiment works is you have a hypothesis. You're like, I believe this, then you run the test and it either confirms it or it doesn't.

Yeah. But I was using the word experiment wrong, which was like, I'm just going to try a bunch of shit without actually knowing like, what is the wind condition? Yeah.

What is the success or failure condition of this? And so like, now that I look, now that I actually have an e-commerce bit like, like our e-commerce business now is doing very well. It's an eight figure e-commerce business.

Now that I know what an e-commerce business looks like, I can go back and think about our, our crystal store actually was doing very well. Like I just didn't know. So for example, we were running Facebook ads and the key metric for all e-commerce businesses is your ROAS, your return on ad spend.

And I think we were getting like 1.7. Yeah. Well, like the rocks, we were selling these rocks for like 50, 60.

Hey, don't go on rocks. They're crystals. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, I remember like the first few hours, we got that Shopify ding.

Yeah. It's like amazing. Like that was, I mean, most people start up a store that they don't have sales for like a couple of days or whatever or weeks.

And so, yeah, I think our problem was like, just didn't continue. We didn't continue. Exactly.

Because now that I look back, it was like 1.7 to 2X. Yeah. And I remember thinking, oh, it's supposed to be three or four X, I think.

Because I had heard some idiot saying that somewhere and I just thought that's what it is. And so I was like, oh, I guess this is bad. Turn it, like shut it down.

Let's do the next thing. Uh, you know, in retrospect, as I, you know, maybe I'm glad I'm not running a crystal store, but at the same time, like there is a lesson there of, I mean, sticking to it is obviously a, like you can't win without the stick to it-ness. But one of the things that makes you stick to it is not just willpower.

It's like knowing your win condition. So like you, do you even know what to look at and do you know what winning looks like? Do you know what the benchmark should be so that you can actually assess a successful versus unsuccessful experiments?

That was one of my learning, one of my things I remember from back then. The other one I remember is like with the pod, we kind of like, we called our shot a little bit, like we made this Google doc of the plan, the one page plan. And now I call that my kickoff doc, but it was like, before we started it, I wrote this out.

Do you remember that doc? Yeah, I remember. And it was, well, the first thing that you hopped on was like, you need your a thousand true fans.

Like that was the very, very first thing that you're like, if we just got this, you can build a pretty big business just with a thousand people. That was like the first thing I remember. And then you had a few things like we need to get to a hundred thousand listeners and get a bunch of other, like maybe build a business of all these ancillary businesses, adjacent businesses across it.

And I mean, you did all that. That's the one thing you kind of step back and it's like, I'll share the doc. I'll put the doc.

And if you're on YouTube, I'm going to put it on the screen so you can see literally like word for word what we wrote back then. And it's not that it all happened, but it definitely didn't happen on the timeline. I remember thinking we're going to hit, let's get to a hundred thousand downloads per episode.

So that's the thing, like per episode, I want a hundred thousand downloads by the end of the year. So it's like 12 months. Yeah.

It took me three years. So like, you know, now we do that, but like, you know, it took three years for us to ever hit that mark. So it's kind of this old phrase, like don't confuse a clear view for a short distance.

It's like, I feel like we had a clear view. I just thought things would happen faster. I overestimated kind of like what could be done in one year, but with that one, because it's so fun, I just kept going and like, sure enough, like, you know, it all, we, we, we, we, that was like the right thing to keep going.

Those are like other things, shiny things. And that was like the right one. The one that was making no money actually costing me money.

Because one of the things I wrote in that doc is I plan to lose $10,000 a year doing that. Oh yeah. Yeah.

But it'll be worth it because I thought, you know, creates like some serendipity. Yeah. And you kind of talked about that too, like content creating serendipity or like just being online and being like in the mix.

Yeah. Creates a nice fortune. Liking a post or replying to something or putting, putting yourself out there.

Who cares if someone doesn't like when you, I mean, it's different for you now. If you post this millions of people that look at it, but like just for like a regular person, when you post like a tweet and it says like 116 impressions, it's gonna like, that's all like, that's still some people that have looked at it and you don't know who it is. But you know, later down the line, that could, that could come in handy.

And when we talk about some of the stuff I'm doing now, I can, I've gotten all my opportunities. Every single one of them has been like through Twitter or like through some like LinkedIn or some email or thing I've sent. And late years later down the track, it's all come.

Well, tell the story about the billionaire. So what happened there? That's it on Twitter?

Yeah. Oh, that was a, that was me just like saying, I need a, I just made this like kick ass investment. And let me like, I want more people to know about it.

So I was like talking to like journalists and stuff like that, like, hey, write about the story. And no one was really taking the time. But there was one dude that was actually on Twitter.

He, I just, he wasn't responding to anything else. I went on Twitter, I started active there. I was just like, I just kept liking his post.

I didn't actually say anything. And then like, he checked out my LinkedIn profile and we started talking. He's like, okay, yeah, let me write about the story.

And it was like, it wasn't like a Forbes or anything. It was like a pretty small news site that it's, it's so weird that they posted that article and a few days later, a billionaire read that article and then reached out to you. Yeah, reached out to you.

And then we'll tell that story in a sec. So even that is like, there's this phrase that I read once. I think Mark Suster did a blog post about this called lines, not dots.

Basically the idea is like a line is just a collection of dots. Like mathematically, that's what a line is. It's multiple dots, just all connected.

And so what he says is like, you know, he's like, what people think happens is they see on TV that you go in, you meet this investor cold, you blow their socks off with this pitch. And then they write you this check and say, you know, here you go, son, go, go on. And it's like, that's not what happens.

Like that's movies. That's shark tank. That's not real.

And the real thing is dots. And so he's like, you know, many interactions that stack up that when you look back later is a line. And he's like, investors invest in lines, not dots.

Meaning they're not just going to like, it's not the very first interaction typically where it's all just going to happen for you. And so it's following the person, liking the post, replying to something. They noticed that this person said something smart, not the first time, but the third time.

Yeah. And then after that, they follow you back. And then because of that, they see this other blog post you wrote that you don't even realize that one of your 98 views was this person who's actually legit and then go, you know, like, and then so those dots stack up and ultimately that's how trust gets built.

That's how the framework. This is the framework king. Yeah.

That is excellent. Watch me. Cause baby, that's what I do.

Yeah. Yeah. So that's, I think, you know, what you've done really well.

So, all right. So let's get to the part where we break up. So at some point we break up, we worked together for a while.

I got a year. I think it was actually a couple of years of like knowing each other and like doing stuff. Yeah.

Yeah. So we get to some point where you're like, you come to me one day, you're like, I want to day trade or something. Yeah.

Like, to be fair, you were actually kind of good at this. I remember one time we were on a call and I was like telling you like some instructions or some action items and then like, there's like no feedback. And I was like, are you listening?

Like, what are you doing? What happened? Where did you do?

Is this thing on? And you were like, oh, hang on. Bitcoin just crashed to $3,500.

I'm like, this motherfucker is looking at the Bitcoin price while we're supposed to be working on our very important crystal store or whatever we were doing, whatever, you know, scheme we were in at the time. Yeah. And I remember being like, like two reactions, one like annoyed, like, dude, this guy's like not paying attention to when Bitcoin crashed.

Like, you know, he's buying shit I buy. And you're like, because you told me, you're like, Bitcoin crashed. I'm trying to, I'm trying to place an order real quick.

It was down like 60% on just that day. And everyone, everyone in crypto like knows that day. It was a very like, it was like in March or something.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. And like, it was like, you just never see it happen. This is like, this is not some altcoin.

This is like the coin. This is Bitcoin. And so when that happened, I was like, I've seen a few of these and I just wasn't a part of it.

And so I was like, guys, Mike, I'm sorry. I know I should be working and listening right now. I was like, I need to act right now.

And so, yeah, I mean, I grabbed all the money I had. It was a couple of thousand dollars. And I, well, I didn't just buy Bitcoin.

I was like the degenerate in me. I was like, okay, let me try and maximize some opportunities. So I went on, people know BitMEX.

I went leverage long on Bitcoin. So I took all my money, did that. And when I went like...

And leverage long means what here in this case? So if you buy a thousand dollars worth of Bitcoin and you buy it, you know, 20x leverage, that means you actually buy $20,000 worth. But if it goes down by even a little bit, you'll have, you'll experience a thing called liquidation.

So getting liquidated is like your worst nightmare. And I remember you were like, what, four or five grand? Yeah, it was like four grand.

That was my collateral. I was 20x or 25x leverage. And when I clicked the button to buy, like everything went frozen.

And I was like, I was thinking, oh, it's just me. Or like, I'm kind of freaking out. And I go on Twitter.

That's why I was like, not really talking. I went on Twitter and everyone else was like, BitMEX just froze. And I'm like, okay, it's not just me.

It's like the actual exchange. And I was kind of freaking out because I thought, all right, it's gone. I've already clicked buy.

And when you're looking at the chart, if you look at the one minute chart, it was just going down. Like it went down, down, down, down. And it just stopped.

You'd assume that when it unfreezes, it would have just kept going down. Because who knows, this was like a black spot event, right? So we don't know what's going on.

And so that's why I was like frozen for a while. Because I thought I just, I'm an idiot. I just lost all my money.

But when it unfroze, I saw I was up like $40,000. I was like, obviously, like my heart was happening. And yeah, I think you went on Coinbase.

You'd be able to. When you told me, I was like, come on, man. I was like, wait, what?

What's the price? And I went and I went and bought 25K that day too. Yeah.

And so, which is actually an amazing trade. Like we made more money in that. We made more money in that one minute.

Yeah. Then we did like, you know, six months of experiments together, you know, whatever, three months of experiments that we were working on at the time. And there is a lesson there, which was like, you know, the best kind of like ideas don't all just come from your head.

Like, you know, you're at the time, like intern chief of staff. Yeah. But you were like, this is a buy right now.

I'm going to do this. And by following you, I kind of like got the benefit of that at the time. And, you know, Bitcoin would trade it up to like 70 grand or whatever.

So then, and then, you know, it's come back down to earth. But my takeaway from 10x from that day. Yeah.

My takeaway was, uh, there's like, there's a very few moments where you can make all the money versus like trying to make a little bit of money every single time. And I think like, I'm not a day trader. I don't think I'd go back to being a day trader or whatever.

But I think all the money is made when there's like a few key decisions that happen, maybe once a year or once every few years, once every few months, whatever it is. And you just have to act on it with like, it's a bit degenerate. You have to like, there wasn't a lot of thoughtful planning around.

I'm going to buy Bitcoin because of this mathematical equation. That's for it was just times like this doesn't happen every right all the time. So let me act on it.

In the moment, I was like, this guy's a fucking degenerate, right? Like, I didn't know exactly how an option trade worked. I was like, okay, this is crazy.

But at the same time, you're right. Like, if you go read that Buffett quote where he's like, you know, there are moments or seasons where, you know, the clouds fill the sky and it's about to rain. And he says in that moment, let us not come out with spoons, but bathtubs to sort of like make, hey, there's also, you know, Naval has a quote that's similar to this, which is he's talking about luck.

He says one of the versions of luck is being able to recognize an opportunity. Yeah. So it's, uh, it's the version of luck.

It's like, he calls it level two or whatever, or he's not the inventor of this. I just heard it from him. Um, but you know, the original guy who wrote this, he basically says, you know, it's sort of luck favors the prepared mind.

Yeah. So anybody could have seen that price. And most people, when they see something going down, they get scared.

You were like, this is Bitcoin, Bitcoin flash crash, blink decision that this is a good bet for me, like whatever risk reward adjusted. Yeah. And, uh, you know, you were correct in that later.

I'm going to tell a story. So you come to the States, we fly you out. And, uh, I remember we go to a restaurant and we invite my buddy, Sui and we're talking.

And so he's like, okay, Sean, like, you know, tell me like, what, what are you excited about? Yeah. And, uh, you go, oh, I'm excited about this company called Animoca.

And you had told me about this company three times at this point. And you were like, oh, I love the stock Animoca. I like the stock.

It was like, you're like the GameStop guy, right? You're like, I like the stock. And I was like, Animoca, I've never heard of this.

Sounds like a yogurt. And then I was like, why do you like it? And then you told me something that I didn't really ask, but I was like, what does it do?

And you're like, oh, they're making these like bubble games or something like that. Okay, whatever. Later, when we're at this lunch, I was like, hey, Sui built a mobile gaming company and sold it for whatever, a hundred million bucks more.

Tell them about that. What's that mobile gaming company? And you started telling them.

He's like, okay, interesting. So I'd heard it like four times from you, never took action. Because again, I was not at that time listening and probably the way I should have.

That's an investment you made millions of dollars off of. Yeah. Tell the story of how after we stopped working together, you go from intern to multimillionaire in a very short, like how long?

Yeah, it's a very short amount of time. So I've known about Anamaka. It was an Australian listed company.

So it was on the stock market and initially bought like a few thousand dollars worth. And it did well. It went up like 4X, something like that.

So I was like, okay, great. That's, you know, I've done my thing here. And I was looking at it as an investment, so I didn't sell it.

And then the Australian Stock Exchange, they came after it. And they were like, oh, you guys are dealing with this weird crypto stuff. We're going to have to delist you.

Well, they were crypto initially. They pivoted to. Yeah.

Yeah. So about the time when I bought, so I bought them initially because they had an announcement and they were like, we're going to do a thing called CryptoKitties and we're going to work with them. And so I saw that as like, this was before like a pretty boring robot company.

Now it's like a sexy crypto. Yeah. It's like a sexy crypto thing.

It's like, how do you value a blockchain game? Like this is like things that are like hard to value is kind of what I like because that nobody knows what the price is. Right.

So like as a degenerate, I like that. And so, yeah, so anyway, it did well. None of this episode is financial advice.

This is actually me just laughing at the craziness of this story. So let's tell the story. So you buy more.

So yes, I bought it. It got delisted. And so I'm like, holy shit, my money is gone.

How much were you in at that point? It wasn't a lot. It was like 25,000 that it became.

Yeah. But to you, that was a lot. That was, yeah, that was everything to me.

Yeah. So you put everything you have, which is 25 grand at a time. It gets delist off the stock exchange because it was just like, you guys now do crypto.

We don't know. We don't like crypto. We don't know what crypto is.

Yeah. Now you're a liquid stock. You can't even sell.

Yeah. I can't sell it. And so this was like, tell me this.

I'm laughing at you. I'm like, dude, I remember you told me this. You're like, dude, I got fucked on Animoca.

And you're like, it's delisted. I'm like, wow. I thought you'd probably just lose money because the stock goes down.

I didn't think you would lose money because you just can't sell it anymore. Yeah. But you did something even crazier.

You doubled down on crazy. So tell us. So throughout that year, I did a few things.

I learned about like secondary markets. That's something I didn't, you know, I wasn't really exposed to before. I learned about that.

I did a lot more research into like what they were doing. And I've always been in the, and I was the perfect person because I, you know, I had a Minecraft server when I was a kid. So in high school.

So I understood how if you turn these in-game items into something that you could sell, this is a win-win for everyone. So there's that. I was a gamer at heart.

So when you, when you, and I was in Bitcoin way long before 2016. So when you mix all of that together, I was like the perfect person to see the light. I was like, okay, what they're doing is actually something that I want to get more exposed to.

And, you know, why buy a bunch of different tokens and companies, but I can just buy the, get exposed to the people that I think will be the overall winners here. And so once I got, had that conviction, I was like, okay, well, how do I, I can't market by the stock. Right?

So I was like, how do I actually buy this thing now? And this was like a year it's been delisted. So in that time, um, I was working for you and I had another guy and I had a few other bets that did really after pay was one of them that ended up being a real.

You told me about that one too. Yeah. Yeah.

We were talking about buy now, pay later. Yeah. And I had met, uh, Max Lutcher from a firm.

Yeah. I was like, oh, this, this was a great startup idea. And you go, oh, we have actually after pay is better.

Yeah. And I was like, bro, your little Australian version is not better. Yeah.

You were like, no, look at these numbers. It's better. And, uh, that stock just went off of that.

So you told me like really early on that one. So I, yeah, yeah. So, uh, I did, yeah.

So I did really well with that. Um, I also have a pretty crazy story there where I followed one of like, like, I didn't have a lot of edge being like a kid from Australia investing in a public stock. So I followed, you know, all the C-suite people on Strava to see where they're at.

And, um, one of them was like near the square offices and they never like, so that's when, um, they ended up acquiring. So I got like the little edge. That was a, that was like a little hack.

You're like, I don't have satellites to track cars, but you, that's legit. You follow the guy. Yeah.

And he was at the square offices. You're like, they might get bought. So as a guy from after pay, um, the C-8 was at, he was in San Francisco and he was like, pretty close to square offices doing his run.

And I was like, this, there might be something I didn't know what was going to happen. I'm like, I feel like a partnership would happen with them. You know, square came out and bought them for like 30 billion or whatever.

And, you know, the stuff, you know, we're crazy. But, um, anyway, I made a bunch of stuff, um, money from doing trades like that. Um, and working for you guys.

All right. So how do I buy Animoca? I want to buy more.

And, you know, the way I went to like Facebook groups initially. You told me you were like, there's a Facebook group of people just like commiserating. Yeah.

We're wailing. Yeah. Recovering, uh, Animoca stockholders were just there bitching and moaning.

Like, they were very disgruntled. Like they were talking about at one point doing like a class action against Animoca or whatever, like all this stuff. And so I was like, okay, this, like at the time when they were listed, they were worth like 80 million or a hundred million dollars.

I was like, okay, I could get a huge discount on that. Um, and so yeah, I went to Facebook. I got a few people and they're like small trades.

I was like, I need bigger. How do I get like people that have the big money? So I got the list of the top shareholders.

You can, you can request it publicly in Australia. Might be the same here in the States, but I got the top holders. And I was like, let me go through each one of them, which one of them is disgruntled.

And there was a few that I, I still couldn't, like the Australian press wanted me to like name these people. Yeah. Um, I think one of them say Republic, but they're like pretty big time people that, I mean, they're already rich.

Smart money. Yeah. Yeah.

They're smart money. They're already rich. They had this because they invest in some fund.

I had some allocation and blah, blah, blah. So they were like, just willing to get rid of it. They're like, it's delisted.

They don't know. They probably don't know that they're in crypto or they're gaming. It's just one of the things in their portfolio that's, you know.

Right. And so, so you're buying it for like what discount? Like 50%?

80%. It was more like 80, 90% discount to what the last. And I remember when you told me I have the slack messages, what you told me I'm buying it for, you know, 10 cents on the dollar.

Yeah. And I'm like, bro, you're just lighting money on fire. Like you're going crazy.

Like what's going to like, that's a insane reaction to the bad news bears. That was, I'm going to like double down. But it worked.

I think I put everything I had is about a hundred K that I just like, this should work. At it. Well, it's also like if I lose all this money, all right, I'm in my twenties.

I'll like, you told me. Yeah. You're like, I'm 20 years old.

Yeah. I'm just going to, I'll just like get a job and I'll save up again. And I'll just, I've got, this is the time to do every take all these crazy bets.

Um, I don't have kids. I don't have anyone that's heads on me. So, uh, yeah, so I made the bet.

Um, I did all the transactions. It, that itself was like a bit of a crazy thing. Cause they take some time to do, to do private transfers in Australia.

Like the documentation for that, um, the people that they were handling the transactions, they were taking a long ass time. So one of them actually the biggest transaction after Anamoka announced their now worth a billion dollars that did a raise. I was like, do I even have these shares?

Cause it was still, it was still taking time to process. I'm like, I put the money in the escrow account. Like I obviously ended up getting the shares, but yeah, it was like the, this whole new world of, all right.

I couldn't like, I wasn't like an angel investor before I didn't understand how to do this. I had to just like, sort of claw and figure out how to do this. Do they even know you're like, do these guys know they're dealing with like a 20 year old counterparty and these transactions, they're like, they had no clue that they were.

Yeah. Yeah. That was yeah.

It was pretty like, these are, these are like pretty serious, legit guys that were, I mean, they thought they were, you know, shoveling dirt onto me and then, right. I was, they're probably laughing. Yeah.

Yeah. Their perspective was, let me give dirt to this person. And I thought I was buying a gold mine.

And so I was like, all right, let me, let me do this. But I remember I, and it, a lot of this, there's a lot of luck involved, obviously. And so when I bought it, you know, I thought this was like a very long, long term play, like after five years, there might be something here.

But it was only after about three months. So I bought it, the valuation I bought it, that was like 30, 40 million. And a few months afterwards, they raised a billion dollars.

And I remember getting a call, there was like this Hong Kong fund that reached out to me. And because I've been, I've always, I had to like flex a little bit to people. And I put it online that, you know, I bought this company.

So you're up 50x. Yeah, I'm up. Yeah, it was, it was worth like, I think $2 million.

And I was like, holy shit. Let me like, let me like, I'm not let me like have a think of what to do here, because people want to buy it. And I had a Hong Kong fund that reached out was like, we'll buy all of it.

We'll give you $2 million today. You're 21 years old or something. This was actually right before they actually announced they're raising a billion dollars.

Some fund probably heard they were going to raise a billion dollars. Then we're trying to get it off me at a like, at a discount. So I was like, I think the initial offer was like a million dollars or like whatever.

And I remember calling my dad. I was like, holy shit, like this is worth a million dollars. And obviously like brown parents, you know, this is a million dollars.

You took this to general, but take the money. Like, what are you doing? Take the money right now.

And so like you said, I was like, just wait a few months. Maybe this will be more. I was like, I was like, I don't think that like this is it here.

And especially because I was tracking all the numbers, especially NFT like volume, like NFT volume sales. And I've been tracking this every single month and for like, it was like a flat line. It was like someone was dead here.

And then in this month, there was a little uptick. So I'm like this, these little upticks don't just like start and end here. There's some like craze that goes on here.

So I was like, if this is worth a billion dollars now, and this, this, the hype is just starting now. Let me like ride this way. At the peak, Animoca was worth what?

At the peak, they raised the latest round was 6 billion. 6 billion. So you were buying in effectively like a 20, 30 million dollar valuation.

Yeah. It runs up to 6 billion. I remember at one point you're telling me in Slack, you're like, these people just offered me 2 million bucks for this.

Yeah. I'm like, holy shit, you did it. Dude, we started the podcast, my first million.

You just made your first 2 million. Congrats. Like, I can't believe this worked out.

You're like, I'm not gonna sell though. And I was like, wow, this guy's insane. I was like, that's an insane story.

So you held it. What's it at now? Who knows?

No one knows. I mean, I was with, I met Yad and I met the board. It was a few weeks ago in Sydney.

And the real thing here is, I forgot who said it, but they were like, never count your winnings unless it's like cash and bank, it's realized. And so I was like, hey, you have to exit this. And the way to exit it is either I sell it privately.

All these unicorns, they're at massive discounts right now. So it's like, I could do that. Yeah.

I hate like, you know, at its peak, it's worth eight figures. Do I sell now for seven figures and cash it in? That's always like a decision that plays all my mind.

Right. Otherwise, you know, they have plans to list and do an IPO. And I was like, yeah.

What you told me at the time, because I was like, dude, this is insane. I was like, hey man, listen. Yeah.

As your pseudo father figure here, you should sell this. And you were like, I see what you mean. But you were like, what do I need $2 million for?

You were like, I don't have something I'm going to go do. I'm not going to change. I don't want to change my lifestyle.

Like I like my lifestyle. Yeah. You were like, I'm just going to look to invest it somewhere else.

And if I think this is still the best place to invest it, I'm just going to do that. And like, you know, if I lose it, I'm so young that like, whatever, I get the story and I'll just keep going. Like, you know, I'm not.

And the way you said it, like the, my meter went from, oh my God, this guy's insane to like, honestly, I see his perspective, which is that 2 million bucks changes most people's lives. But you were like, I don't think that that doesn't get me where I'm trying to go. Yeah.

And in fact, you know, if I still believe in this, I just want to see where this goes in for, you know, for a while as crypto, as NFTs, you're right, like became the thing that year. Yeah. You know, there was sort of like a peak moment in that where it became worth more than $10 million.

Right. So it was like, would have played out very well. Timing is always very, very tricky.

Um, do you look at this as I was trying to try it? I was trying to time a bubble or do you look at this as I believe in this company and I still believe in this company and that's why I have the stock. Believe in the company.

And also, um, I was kind of seeing this as like, there's, there's like a few people that have like these life holds. It's like, uh, you know, you hold these, like, this is a lifetime hold. This isn't like you buy in, you sell out, whatever.

Um, and I was convincing myself of that. It's like, I'll buy this. And you know, when this becomes like the next 10 cent, I'll have a couple hundred million dollars stake.

And that's how, and I didn't have to do it. This was like the only investment I had to do. I didn't have to make all these other investments.

Um, there's still some like part of me that believes in that. It's like, uh, I, I still see a pathway where like in the next 20, 20, 30 years, whatever, this is like a hundred, 200, $300 billion company or whatever. And it's like, I have, I've got a pretty decent, you know, stake in that.

Um, and so, yeah, that's what I was like convincing myself of. That is a bit less now during times like this, but I still have some thing here where I'm like, okay. Um, Is it hard to not just get attached like identity wise to like, I don't want to be wrong.

Yeah. I've made that mistake before. I think, you know, especially this is such an extreme case.

That's one specific thing. You were so right. You were boy genius.

Then it crashes, but you're like, am I now boy idiot or my boy genius? Is this the moment where I held through the tough times or did I just fuck up and I need to learn that lesson? Like really hard.

Yeah. How do you deal with that? Well, I think, um, well, I went into, let me just like do something.

Um, so I was like, I was still investing some money on behalf of other people and I was going around and meeting, meeting founders and stuff like that. And that's why I'm like, I'm doing something else right now. So, well, okay.

Yeah. You have other bets. Yeah.

I've got other bets. So that's what got me through it. I was like, if this goes away, I need to make sure that this is the next big bet.

Um, I don't need to be, I like, I don't need to be right on this one. Um, like for, you know, if it ends up the way it's going, I could, I've got time to make more bets and be really right on something else. Yeah.

And also you had done so much degenerate trading that like, you don't emotionally mood swing. Like most of the money like becomes play money in a way. Well, aside from Anamaka, I had a bunch of other token investments, especially when, when Facebook renamed to Meta.

Um, remember I was buying up all the MetaVest coins, Decentraland, Axie, Sandbox. And so I experienced, you know, making millions of dollars, like liquid cash. I also, I learned a lot of lessons there.

I also lost a lot of that money when I didn't manage my risk post, post, but I experienced like the numbers just became like, you're looking at the screen. I have no attachment to it. Um, there'll be like those days where I'd be up a couple hundred thousand dollars.

Um, like, holy, obviously I spent a lot of it. I was like, right. I was, you know, all my boys were treated well.

We went out. I, when I eat, we all eat. Yeah.

It was like, um, I was a pretty shy, nerdy, nerdy guy. Right. So I didn't really know how to talk to girls, but if you want to learn how to talk to girls, get rich.

I had, it's like a, it was like a huge confidence boost. I was, yeah. I was, it just gives you the confidence.

It's just the confidence for you, which, yeah, I think it was a confidence. It was like, even if she rejects me, I'm still, I can go look at my MetaVest later and feel good about myself. Yeah.

It was, it was more like, yeah. And also for me, like having $2 million in a bank felt like a billion dollars to me. Of course.

Yeah. I'm like, I'm spending a lot and it's just like, it's not going down because I'm like, I don't have kids and I have family. I don't have any, I have no obligations whatsoever.

So even a lot didn't put a big debt. What'd you do? Yeah.

Do anything stupid? So yeah, I got an apartment. I got a, I got a Tesla.

I spent like, there'll be weekends where I'd get like limos out for me and my boy would get like, like, I remember like my birthday, we got like three limos. We drove down to the Gold Coast, which is like, you know, a Gold Coast in Australia. I'm so happy to hear this because when I, like, I don't know what I was paying you back then.

It wasn't much. It was like, the very first thing was 30k a year. I think it was.

Yeah, we started 30k. I think it went up after that to maybe like 80 to a hundred. Yeah.

That's what I was paying you then. And I remember at the time being like, oh, this is not going to work. This guy's getting like super rich doing these like crazy investments on the side.

Like, yeah, it's not gonna make sense for him to have a job at some point, which is great. Like my goal wasn't to have you work for me for 20 years. It was like, here's a young entrepreneurial guy.

Come get some reps with me. Come like, just get you off the traditional path. Yeah.

And then like, I hope you go do big shit. And like, you know, I could be your biggest fan and all that. That's kind of what's happening.

And I'm, yeah, I've had my popcorn, you know, watching watching you do this stuff and being totally entertained the whole way. Yeah, because you definitely like had like a roller coaster. You're kind of like those like Wall Street bets kids, basically like, yeah, I was on Wall Street bets like since I was in like high school.

Like I was, yeah, I was always on that forum. There's the equivalent in Australia. There's a thing called Hot Copper, which is like the equivalent of Wall Street bets.

And on there, I was like the most active person. I got, and my nickname was Mr. Silicon Valley because I was just investing in tech stocks.

Right. And I'm like, if you go on like, everyone can look at my profile. It's like, I'm, oh, I'm tweeting about Anamokra.

I'm like talking about Anamokra on that platform. And there's another company called Brainship that ended up becoming like a multi-billion dollar because the AI craze and stuff like that. I was constantly looking at anything to do with what is like the next 100x stock.

Because for me, it's stocks right. I kind of invested. You told me some story.

A billionaire takes you out to lunch and it's like, what's the next Anamokra? He reads the article and he's like, I got to meet this whiz kid. Takes you out.

He's like, what's the next one? Yeah. You shit your pants immediately.

You're like, I don't know. Yeah. Because during that time, like I'm, I mean, this was the era, right?

So I'm like, everything I'm telling people to invest in. It's going up and up and up. And, you know, I'm a genius.

Yeah, I'm a genius. And so I was like, oh, shit. But I truly believe I was like, Anamokra just raised a billion dollars.

I was like, you should, you should invest in Anamokra. Anamokra is the thing. That is the next thing.

And he was like, okay, whatever, blah, blah, blah. And in the next few days, But inside, he's like, God damn, I love that confidence. Yeah.

In the next few days, he ended up becoming like the top 10 shareholder in the company, bought out tens of millions of dollars of stuff. And then obviously, you know, Anamokra didn't stop at a billion. Yeah.

So he made, you know, over nine figures in that. So that then that's a tip you a little bit on the on the way out or tip the dealer. And there's that comment.

Fair enough. Yeah. So all right.

So you go through that crazy journey. One of the things that comes out of that was you were then on behalf of this guy, plus other people, you were doing other investments. Yeah.

One of them is shuffle. Let's talk about shuffle. So yeah.

You had flacked me a while back. And you were like, Hey, crazy story. I think on the pod, I was like, can't say who told me this.

Right? Yeah. Now it's all now it's like way more public.

At the time, you were like, Hey, there's a company called steak. Yeah. That is making unbelievable amounts of money.

You were like, they had like a whatever, $800 million dividend last year. Like, that's just the profits they took out. You're like this guy, one of the owners, I don't know how old they're there.

They're like, they're like late twenties, mid twenties. Yeah. Like 27 years old, bought a $50 million house in Australia.

Yeah. And then they got about like a, whatever, $100 million house. And it's like, that's how you guys saw them like rich, by the way, when they're yeah.

Buying like, Oh, look at the real estate. Yeah. That is like, you know, that when they're buying an asset like that, like that, because people didn't know it, the articles are basically like mystery, you know, mega millionaire buys $50 million home.

And then it was like, they had two companies, they had like a software company that makes like gambling for, yeah, it's like, it makes like the gaming software to go play like the games. And then they have steak, which is the casino, the like, basically crypto casino. And they're like, you know, intertwined companies or whatever.

Yeah. A little Alameda, you know, FTX, you know, I'm getting some vibes here as I describe it out loud. But either way, like steak has been, you know, it's become like huge, you know, they have Drake playing and then whatever gambling and shit like that.

So you meet these guys who are doing a competitor to that in a way. Yeah. How do you describe shuffle and tell us about like, this crazy space?

Because I only know what you told me about the steak thing at the time. Yeah. And then since a bunch of news has come out, like kind of validating what you said.

Tell me about the space and tell me. Well, at the time, so I was so I was traveling around this Australia meeting other founders, and I was at this dinner. And at that dinner, the guy, there was a guy that was like, pretty good friends with the state co-founders.

And he would like say these numbers, this is before the articles and stuff like that. So he would say some insane batshit crazy numbers. And I'm like, if these numbers are true, this is the fastest growing tech startup in Australia in history.

Like this is maybe in the world, like this is like very, I mean, they were founded in 2017, and they're gonna do a couple billion dollars in revenue. This is like some kids in their 20s, right? So initially heard of that.

I was like, Okay, and then already at that time, I remember messaging you about I want to start like a crypto trading, like, let people do like I want to start a I titled the document, I want to build like the world's largest casino, right? And I remember this stuff. Yeah.

And the way that that product is actually like a huge product down. I don't know if you've heard of Rollbit, but they have like a crypto trading thing. I was looking to do that.

But that's like regulatory, just like a nightmare. It's like an unlicensed thing. And, and so I was like, Okay, but I see this gambling stuff.

It's huge stakers, you know, they just did a billion dollars in net profit in a single year. How do I get some exposure to that? And this going back to like how I find these opportunities, I just remembered, there was another like hidden uni that lived in a whole different city to me in Australia that posted his research on Afterpay.

And this was like a couple of years ago. And I don't know why he popped out in my mind again. So I went looking for an article, I found his name, and I hit him a message on LinkedIn, like, Hey, like, you know, what are you doing these days?

Let's catch up and whatever. And yeah, we caught up. And then that's when he started telling me about like, these other crypto kids in Australia that have like made it pretty big doing all this degenerate stuff.

And they're starting a crypto casino. And it's going to be a competitor to not just stake. But there's like, that's the thing, the market is so huge.

There's, I could, you know, there's, there's a few other competitors that are also doing a billion dollars. And this is not really reported on, right? Because it's kind of like a, yeah, kind of shady industry.

So I was like, Okay, for me, you know, coming from a pretty small town in Australia, when you meet other people that are kind of like you, and we all had a like success in our own domain, I'm like, if we just come together, we're gonna hit something big. And I just wanted to be around those people. And so it was more like a bet on this group of, yeah, just like, also ambitious, smart, slightly degenerate, or very degenerate autistic.

Yeah, like 20 young 20 year olds, basically. Yeah. And these old people, and we've all we've all kind of been through the same thing of making a lot of money, losing a lot of money.

So we can kind of like lean on each other in that way. Like, they we understand each other in that. So, um, by the way, this happens in like, it's happened in online poker.

I remember like the rise of online poker and the kind of poker kids who all made it, and they all kind of lived in houses together and figured out how to like each, like beat the game together. Basically, uh, same thing happened with social media. So like the tick tockers or the viners who all went and lived in the same building in Los Angeles, right?

Yeah. Collabbed with each other, plus traded tips, plus like got brand deals for each other. And they all like rose up way faster than the people who were on their own or didn't have the kind of connection.

Just was my Juntao group. Yeah. So, um, yeah, so that's how I met them.

And I was like, we all kind of agreed. A lot of the background of the shuffle team, they come from like the big exchanges. FTX is one of them, BitMEX, Crypto.com.

That's all their backgrounds. So we all had the Harvard Stanford of the sketch world. So I was like, we, we all and you know, obviously, I've traded on all of them and we all just had like, we all agreed on this macro thesis of every single cycle.

There is like this one clear big winner, which is the exchanges, right? They, their business model is every bet, every degenerate bet you take, they have a little fee, right? It's called transaction fee for them.

For us, it's called house edge, but it's the same exact thing. Same model. The same model, uh, struck, the legal structure is actually really similar as well.

They will like get a license out in Seychelles or, you know, FTX was in Bahamas, crypto casinos and the Dutch Caribbean and Curacao. So it was like, there's all these similarities. What is that?

There's like some place that's like, they just made it their business, some, some country. That's it. Yeah.

Yeah. Curacao. Yeah.

That's the, that's where the hell is Curacao? What is it? It's just a place where you can, I mean, anyone, if you want to get a license to do like an online crypto casino, you could probably spin one up in like six weeks.

And it's very easy. And that's their model. They're like, we're open for business for casino for online casinos, basically.

Yeah. And like, that's where everybody goes to get their Yeah. Like we're like in the same structure as stake and, you know, all the other guys, um, we're all under the same license and there's some risks to that, obviously.

Like what happens to our license? How long can you sort of play this game? And you have to, uh, sort of calculate what, what amount of risk you want to take there.

But yeah, that's, that's, it's exactly the same as these exchanges that were out, out, out, um, you know, in the Seychelles or Bahamas. And so we saw that and we're like, okay, um, here's a clear difference between exchanges and casinos, though. Exchanges are raising at tens of billions of dollars and that they've got all the fame.

Um, whereas, you know, in, if people just understood, if this was more public on how profitable these casinos are and how they're very similar businesses to, to exchanges, then, you know, there would be some re-rating evaluation for these, for these, for these, uh, casinos. And so that was like, that's the, but a lot of these investors and funds, they have like a no vice clause, right? They just can't invest in weed.

They can't invest in gambling or porn or whatever. Yeah. Even though there's money to be made there.

So I think like, that's one of the other reasons is like, yeah, some people just either themselves individually, morally say that or their fund charter basically prohibits them from doing those things. So they're just like out on it. Yeah.

Even if they know it's a great business setting, who doesn't think a casino is an amazing business. We, we re, we raised the seed round and that was like the hardest. I don't know.

I don't know. My biggest regrets was, uh, was not investing. I tried to invest in them.

Like it was like, oh, it's like one entity here, here. And I was like, oh God, like, if I have other people's money, if it's my own money, fine. But when I have other people's money, you know, I have to like, you know, think twice and just in that time, be like closed or whatever.

Yeah. But anyway, like that's, we, we all agree that, uh, in this like next cycle, whenever it is, it could be five years down the line, who knows? But in the next cycle for crypto, um, we believe that there will be one, two or three casinos in the top 20 of all the coins.

And that's billions of dollars of, of value that we think that, you know, we could, we could do. And it had a big difference with us is like, like I'm on this podcast right now. Like we're not anonymous.

Like we're not like these people that like all these crypto casinos, usually they're like very anonymous people. And, um, I mean, if you're putting your money into a platform, you want to know who's behind it, right? You want to know who these guys are.

But how do you, um, like all the, how did you follow all the FTX stuff going on right now? I'm like really into this trial. It's like my soap opera right now that I'm paying attention to.

It's your Roman empire. That's. It's my Roman empire.

Exactly. Do you, have you been following it? And also like, how do you feel about that?

And how do you think like, because it seems like crypto casino is like risk times risk in that sense of like, I don't know, something between, you know, malpractice to like, you know, the craziness that comes with, with just that amount of money flowing through something. Yeah. Um, and you said you have people that worked in some of those places.

What did they, I guess, what stories have you heard? And I guess, I don't know, like, not like the Sean spokesman, uh, you know, like not you professionally, if we can, just like my friend, like the, how, how do you think about that stuff? Yeah.

Um, it's like, it's, I mean, being in crypto already, you already, you have like an appetite for speculation. Um, and so anyone that's already in the industry, it's like, you're, you're taking some, you're taking some risk on, okay, there is some like regulatory risk already that one day this license might close down and your business is like, you know, screwed up. Like, and so you have to be kind of smart and calculate about that.

It's like, okay, what are the other licenses? Can we start building it up? Like we have to build our entire platform like in a modular way.

So if something happens to one license, we can split off, let's say, our casino and then put a license to the sports book and offer it in different regions. So it's like, lost. It's like, we had to move the island.

Yeah. Yeah. We lost it.

He's like, we moved it. Yeah. So, uh, so some regulatory risks to some like, it's funny, like products have, most startups have product market fit risk.

Like we don't know if anybody wants what we have to offer. Yeah. You have no market risk.

Then the second tier is technical risk. It's like, uh, if we can make a, um, whatever self-driving car, right. People are going to want it.

There's no market risk, but there's technical risk. Can you even build a self-driving car? Yeah.

But there's no technical risk either. Right. It's like, I mean, obviously you have to do technical work, but it's not, that's not the risk in the business.

It's all regulatory. Uh, it's all regulatory risk in this, which is so different than like 99% of the other startups I look at. Yeah.

Very few times do you just, just get regulatory risk. There's also just like actual risk that you have to manage of your book, like limits that you like, we will sweat sometimes like when we, cause we had to start upping the limits, you know, to some high rules that come and go like, I want to do a 10K blackjack hand. I want to do a 25K blackjack hand.

And you're just like, okay, holy shit. We have to, you know, if they have a few good runs, it could be all of a sudden down a couple hundred thousand dollars. And SEO revenue is not always guaranteed.

That's also like the biggest difference in the, in the, It talks about the traction. So you guys launched, I don't know when, In February of this year. Yeah.

What's the, what can you share attraction wise? Uh, so, you know, we're probably going to do a half a billion in volume, uh, like this month. Um, and you know, this is generating a few million in revenue a month.

Uh, and hopefully this month will be a few million in profit a month. And you know, we, this is also another thing that like these businesses are built to strip out the cashflow. It's like you, you, you build the business and then you have, you pay this out.

This is not like, you're not praying for some exit. We all went into it knowing that no one's going to buy a crypto casino. Right.

You build it to make a lot of money and then, you know, strip, strip the money out, um, and pay it out to all the holders of the business. So, um, that's also like, yeah, it's a very like, yeah, it's great. Yeah.

It's a good problem. So yeah, we've, it's only been a couple months, but, um, yeah, it's yeah, probably 50 million run rates probably where we're at right now. Super impressive.

Crazy. Um, any good stories about like, I don't know, how did you bootstrap it? Where'd you go get your first customers?

How did you, you know, because that was your job. Yeah. Yeah.

So, cause you'd be like, oh, I'm in fucking Asia right now. Uh, you know, meeting people. I'm like, what are you doing in Asia?

You're like, I'm, I'm building the brand. I'm figuring out how to get this thing out the ground. Well, this was like a really, the, the first thing that I, I don't know why I didn't really know this, but the people that come and play on your site, if they like to gamble, you know, they probably also have some other vices and like, they're probably not, some of them are probably, you know, can get very angry, very easy.

Cause the whole thing is about either you make money or lose money. So when they make money, obviously they're happy, but when they lose money, you know, right. This place, especially this beyond like, I'm going to find out where you live and I'm going to find out like, so that was like the, when you talk about your first 10 customers, like the first 10 customers are a pretty rough people that you have to do.

So, um, I mean, the first thing we went to was, we're all a bunch of crypto kids that made a bunch of money and we gambled it ourselves. So like, we already had a lot of other crypto kids that made a bunch of money and, you know, like to gamble. So we went to those guys first and like, Hey, come, come, you know, plan our website and, and test it out.

And we would, you know, there's little tricks and stuff of like, stuff with like deposit bonuses or like, yeah, standard kind of standard, like sports, play motions and stuff like that. Um, one thing that I think we did that was, oh, that that's pretty interesting that we found out was, okay, we should stop spending so much time trying to get thousands of people who will deposit like 10, $20 or whatever, cause they'll come on, they'll come on your side and it's good for them to, you know, play, but they will lose $5 and then, you know, spend 48 hours in your support. You know, I'm going to kill you.

Where, where do you guys live? I need my $5 back versus like, okay, let's, let's maybe try and find customers that, uh, you know, not like that. And we got pretty lucky in some parts of Asia, especially Japan, right?

Like they are, they are people who bet really big and they're very respectful and they're very like, they don't waste any of our time. Like they will lose money and play with honor. Yeah.

So it's like, okay, these are the customers we want. Now we know the customers that we want and that's good for the business. Um, and yeah, we started making some pushes there and, and trying to find, uh, yeah, this is a pretty heavy, like affiliate business.

You want to find, you want other people to go out and do the work because you can't do Facebook. We can't do Facebook ads. We're prohibited from doing Google.

So you can't do PPC. So you have, you have to find really creative ways of trying to acquire customers. And yeah, that was, yeah.

Well, this is why like stake, I think bought, or they created KIT. Yeah. And they're basically like paying Twitch streamers, you know, gobs of money, reportedly like 50 million, a hundred million dollar contracts to come play.

Cause they're like, oh, these are popular people. One of the things they'll play is we'll give them money to gamble on our platform. They gave Drake like tens of millions of dollars of like, go play, show people that you're doing a $20 million event.

Yeah. And are you gambling $20 million one night? It makes you look like a baller.

Yeah. It creates great content. That's going to go viral and get you likes.

Yeah. And all those people are going to see that gambling on stake is fun and Drake does it, right? Like that's like their, is that accurate?

That's my perspective. So stake pioneered that model. Like they're like, uh, we can't bid on these other channels with all these other crypto, like other casinos.

Um, and so let's try and find other ways and the streaming model, like they pioneered that thing. The thing that's genius about also is that instead of like an influencer posting a picture saying, Hey, come play on stake, they're playing the product. They're showing you how it works.

They're seeing their reaction. Yeah. You're seeing the reaction in picture.

Yeah. Like the whole thing. So it's not only are you educating people about how to play it and how to like the, this like next level in terms of, um, I guess like player value as well.

Like, like they will deposit and you know, they'll play, they'll lose. And then once they're watching the favorite streamer play again, they're like, all right, time for me to also deposit again. So we found out like the affiliates or the influencers that are really like, they have a discord channel or they, yeah, they have, you know, they're constantly live streaming.

Right. Those people make the most money. So that you said like, uh, we would not like, rather than have you have a million followers, we want you to have, you know, 2000 people like active in a discord that you talk to all the time.

That's more valuable, right? Like, and I think this doesn't just, this isn't just for like a casino. I think like for e-com and they're like, there's people that do Facebook groups and right anywhere.

There's like a concentrated, like you have like those thousand, you know, loyal fans or whatever. Um, those customers are worth, yeah, all the money. We did a influencer campaign.

We spent a hundred thousand dollars on influencers. Probably the first like paid influence campaign we've done. Yeah.

So we put out, I was like, let's try a hundred thousand dollars and we're going to spread that across these like, I think we did, um, seven influencers, I think. Right. And so these are people who have like, you know, let's call it 250,000 to like three or 4 million followers on Instagram.

And I should you not, some people, some of those people who have a lot of followers literally had zero conversion, zero. Like, dude, I could post on Facebook and get one conversion. Like, it's crazy.

Some people kicked ass and as like, what's the difference? I've noticed that, you know, the Instagram has this one feature, which is like when, um, not everybody has it, but like you can broadcast. So like, I don't know if you've seen this, but like Israel has this like almost like one to many group chat.

Oh yeah. You can send a message and they can only emoji react. They can't like, it's not like your fans can chat back, but it looks like a chat.

Right. And I noticed that the people who have active versions of those where they'll just be like, oh, you know, my favorite mug. Yeah.

It'll get like 3000 like lights there. Right. That's a way better signal for who can actually convert versus like just a generic post or story or follower count.

Yeah. Which is like, you know, neither here or there. And I think it's a really moved product.

You can tell like the difference in that. It's also just about, uh, them being like very high intent. And so I think about the people that would go into that broadcast channel in the first place, it'd be like a small percentage of like that person's like most loyal, like fans or whatever that are active and you know, right.

Yeah. So I think, um, for, like that, that could be applied everywhere, uh, wherever you can get, like, who cares about trying to get, you know, 4 million impressions. I just want to get, I want my product in front of like the thousand most, I keep using the word degenerate, but not degenerate, like, you know, whatever the thousand people that are, by the way, I used degenerate positively too.

When we were hiring, we used to, uh, you know, companies have like corporate values. Yeah. And it's like integrity and, um, honesty and like, it was like, everybody has the same values.

It's like, don't kill somebody or something. I don't know. Ours was degeneracy.

Yeah. And people were like, why does it say you should be a degenerate to work here? And we were like, what it is like, that's what we want.

We want people who are, who like when they work on some, like, there's just two types of people. There's some people that like, you know, they work to live and some people live to work, right? Like, right.

We are the types that when we do a project, we go all in, we love doing it. We obsess over making something fucking awesome. That's going to take a lot of work and late nights.

We don't want to feel like we're, uh, like asking for a favor every time we try to go above and beyond to do something cool. Like, right. And, but it wasn't about working hours only.

That was just one aspect. The other thing we used to say is like, we noticed that the people who were the best earlier in their life had a degenerate, like obsession with something that wasn't like the thing your parents would reward you for, or the school would reward you for it. Right.

So for a lot of people it was gaming. It's like, oh yeah, I just spent like an ungodly amount of hours in, in Ultima four or like, you know, RuneScape or something like that. That was such a strong signal to us that like, this person is going to be great now with us because they have that switch where once they get really into something, they practice to like, to master it and they get obsessed.

They want to beat the game and like, they're not doing it for the year because people told them to do this. They're, they're doing it because they can't not do it. Yeah.

And so we found that people who had early obsessions in life were the best people that we wanted to work with. You also want that in customers or an influencer who's got people that are diehard fans. Like why do people love Taylor Swift?

Like Swifties, they just, they identify in that tribe is what you want. Yeah. And I think that like, whether people like the idea of a crypto casino or that makes them feel like really crazy or whatever, I think that the marketing lesson about how these guys market themselves is like one of the best like marketing hacks that created a multi-billion dollar outcome was this one realization that, Hey, let's pay these influencers and celebrities to specifically do live streaming on Twitch, which is not the main marketing channel for 99% of other brands.

And let's give the money to gamble so that people can watch the, the sort of thrill of victory, the agony of defeat live in real time. And that is the best marketing for our product. I was, I was better dad.

I also think for those guys, I think they're really, they're like one of the most like fascinating entrepreneurs that come out of Australia, because I think for kick, it's not, it's actually, I think the goal here is, all right, they've now, you know, made this five to $10 billion, like crypto casino. It's like, where's this, they want to go more now. They, you know, Twitch was valued at 40, 50 billion.

I think these guys legitimately just want to go in and, you know, although they want to use the money to beat Twitch. Yeah. They want to use money to like, this is their next thing to get them to like, I think they want to leverage, they were already working with all these streamers paying them, you know, millions of dollars to gamble.

It's like, well, let's actually just also pay you guys a million dollars to stream. But on our platform, it's like, I think they saw a sort of gap here. They came at the right time.

But I, yeah, I don't think it's just for gambling. I think these guys truly, you know, love streaming. But there's no way that works because streaming doesn't make that much money.

Yeah. There is no way that that works in the sense that, you know, they would really have to be betting that they could and, you know, okay, so I don't think it could work. But here's the case where maybe could.

So I remember to TikTok now is obviously massive. Yeah. Do you remember when TikTok came out?

So like, Yeah, it was musically and then they did like a musically and musically was doing good, but didn't like make it to like the full mainstream. And it was kind of still seen as this like kiddie lip syncing kind of, it wasn't like TikTok today, you can go learn shit. Yeah, you can, you know, people make you laugh, you can promote your business, you can sell products, you could do anything.

But at the time musically was literally like tween girls lip syncing, right? That's like all it was, right? There's like more of what the more of what the product was.

So then they rebranded, it's like they get bought, they rebranded TikTok, which I remember laughing about the name, like, what is that name? And they literally spent a billion dollars marketing that app to make sure every teenager has it installed on their phone. Yeah.

And like I we had a kid who was working for us at the time that was in high school, but he would come and work at our office. I was like, dude, what do your friends think of TikTok? He's like, Oh, it's like the joke.

He's like, I gotta say like, everybody knows TikTok. He's like, there's no one person in my school that doesn't know TikTok. He's like, we don't think it's cool yet.

But like, I gotta give it to him like 100% of every kid in my school is aware that there's a TikTok app that they want you to download. Yeah. And like they actually brute force, like created the network effect.

I guess there's a world where Kit could do that. But it's also I think you're banking on maybe they do something where the friction to buy something on live streaming is lowered. And yeah, that's a whole new like avenue.

I think there's, I think they know that the traditional model is not going to ever work and that let's just get all the eyeballs and then maybe they can click some switch somewhere. And you know, like Instagram reels makes like $10 billion a year. I don't know how like you've got some plugged into the world's greatest ad engine and the William Facebook's ad engine is the greatest ad engine.

Maybe Google's one or two, but like, it's the reels based out much money because it's plugged into one of the greatest moneymakers ever. And live streaming is live streaming commerce is like a pretty huge thing in Asia. And so if it can if it can somehow work in Western markets, I think like there's something I think there where they could flick the switch.

And then, you know, this is this is how they go from already worth a couple billion dollars. How do we get to 10, 20, 50? And maybe they don't care about how much they're worth.

But what's like the biggest impact? Yeah, what's like the next? They've already won one game is like, how do we how do we get to the next?

So I think, yeah, that's super like, I think more people should probably know about those guys. And are you like, I'm going to be a degenerate forever? Or do you like, you know, I'm just going to do this for this period.

And then I'm going to do something else? Well, I'm, I'm just, I really want to be a part of something that could be huge, and that could grow really fast. And so I want to do that with shuffle and ride this wave.

Like, will I do another thing in sports betting or gambling, whatever? I don't know, you know, maybe not. But I like, like I mentioned to you earlier before, it's like, you make your nut and go to your noble mission.

But I think I think I might just Justin Mares quote. Love that quote. I love that quote.

Not because I think it's right. But because so many people when they hear that, they're like, that's what I'm doing. Because it's such an easy out to like, just point anything that you're doing in the moment, because you're like, I'm going to do the noble mission later.

And so I love it because it's hilarious how much people love that quote. I don't know if it's good wisdom or bad, but I can tell but what, by the way, what ideas do you have? So yeah, if you know, MFM, you know, that's what we do here.

I'm gonna I'm gonna get out my notes app really quick. Okay. And we might have already talked about some just really quickly.

There was before we talking about kids that were playing runescape and stuff like that. I literally have already one in here. I had incubator around kids who are building businesses within games.

I like that because I think every one of us and yeah, every so I guess during my era, like I'm a bit older now during my era, it was kids that were building Minecraft servers or I know for the guys that did stake. They were a runescape kids, they they built a casino in runescape first, and then they did their own thing. So it's like runescape, Minecraft, I think now it's like Roblox or like maybe like Fortnite creator maps and stuff like that.

Like if you're building businesses within games, every single person I've met that's done that, they're all like super successful millionaires. I 100% agree. I think I tweeted this out.

I go what people think of the like winners backgrounds looks like. Yeah. And you know what the world tells you is like, you know, good grades, he goes to a good school, has good internships, and like, you know, after school activities, runs for student council.

But it's like, what I've seen is like what the real winners are, are like, the kid, the guy who's running his own gaming server when he's 14. Yeah, kind of because he just wants to be able to buy games. It's not like even running it as a business, right?

Like the sneaker head, like sneaker flippers, basically, you know, people that are like hardcore gamers that are like, become best in the world at a video game that's like super competitive. Yeah, that type in like, you know, which requires skill, strategy, communication, like, like obsession. Those are pretty translatable skills.

Yeah. You know, speech and debate is another one like there's these like unorthodox backgrounds. RuneScape is one that's crazy.

The RuneScape mafia. Yeah, a number of rich, young people I've met that the common denominator is, yeah, we used to be like, I didn't play RuneScape, but they're like, yeah, RuneScape has like the marketplace or the Plaza or something. Yeah.

And they were like, yeah, we used to run, we used to run the Plaza or the marketplace. And I was like, geez, this is something. I have an idea around that, which is, I was like, I want to create kind of like the outcast conference.

So basically, what I want to do is be like, these are actual hotbeds of talent that nobody's really talking about. I want to invite like the people who do that. So your point of entry is like, you need to hit one of those criteria you run in gaming server or like, yeah, you're like elite at this, like, you know, I found this one thing called Mindsport.

It's like some place you go that you put it's like Olympics, but for nerds. So you don't do like, you don't run, you play chess, and then you play backgammon and then you play like, you play like this, like advanced version of chess, like, you know, you play go, you play like all these games. And whoever's like the best across these like, 10 really hard strategy games is like the Mindsport champion.

Yeah. And you know, that guy's a freak. You know, they're all gonna be amazing.

As soon as they decide like, okay, it's time for me to have a career now. Yeah. As long as they just get to like, funnel in the right place and don't just go be a McKenzie drone.

Like, yeah, you know, those people are gonna kick ass. So I'm like, Oh, I want to make things which free for them to attend, but you got to be the best of the best. And I want to just be able to like, curate that talent and be like, I'm gonna place my bets on these people now.

Like, hey, if any of you ever start a company, just remember this goodwill of me bringing you here, paying for all of this, because I want to be your first investor. Like I genuinely think that's going to be like one of the highest ROI things that I could do. Well, I think a lot of them, so a lot of them get lost to like banking or something like that.

And then there's a lot of them as well that they just don't have guidance coming out of the first thing that they do. And so they fuck around for maybe like a few years and then like, That's why I'm going to outcast because like, they probably feel like I'm kind of like lying a little bit. I wasn't doing all the shit that the other like Achiever kids were doing.

But it's like, no, no, no, trust me. Let me show you 10 other people that are like you. And then they're like, Oh, I see myself in them.

Like I can do it too. This is the basis of like a lot of sports. Like you see a guy that's from your hometown and now you start to believe you can do it too.

Why do you like Australian entrepreneurs so much? Like what do you care? It's like, because they're from Australia.

I'm from Australia. If they made it, I can make it. That's cool.

But had you never heard of any, you would probably also be banking somewhere, you know, on that. And also like, I think a lot of them, when you spend your time or your childhood or whatever, like in a room doing all this stuff, you're whatever you're making money or like you're learning business skills, but then you start lacking in other areas. So then like that, that's setting up, setting yourself up for failure to waste some time, whether it's then afterwards, you know, you have some girl troubles or afterwards, you don't know how to do something with family or whatever, blah, blah, blah.

But yeah, I think that that's why Oh, that's a great idea. I'm just gonna have a kissing. I'm not gonna have a high girl.

It's like, yo, if you haven't had your first kiss, just let's just do it now. And we're gonna get that all out of the way. We're gonna kill.

We're gonna crush these like, lingering dogs in your head. Yeah. But yeah, that was one of them.

I mean, but what was your idea? It was I thought the idea was like, just like, like, like, you know, giving these kids like mentorship and like, just like incubator again. Okay, just like a little Y Combinator thing for all these weirdos.

What I see. Yeah, there's a I was just at a conference. I was just really surprised.

I mean, something within conferences where I think maybe more people should make conferences for like, cashed up niches. Because especially if you do like the exhibitor model where it's like, Oh my god, like that, you know, and some of these people are the one I just went to, they're paying a couple hundred thousand dollars for a booth. So maybe that starts off as you do your newsletter, whatever you did, like the low effort thing first, a low price, low effort thing of newsletters, whatever, build that audience and then just immediately go into like, I'm surprised you guys haven't done a conference yet.

Because I feel like that would make like an MFM one. Yeah, like an MFM. Yeah.

Yeah. Another one that actually kind of related. I think is kind of boring, but like a CRM for again, like cashed up niches.

So we're right now looking for like a new CRM platform. And, you know, everyone goes to like Salesforce, whatever, but they operate in like 100 different verticals, right? And so who's going to get out 10k a month, it's going to be the one that is still yeah, built specifically for iGaming, which is our niche, whatever.

So right now, like we're making a decision, and we're going to go with some other smaller couple of going with Salesforce, we're going with this other one, they're going to get out, you know, 10 grand a month, whatever. Because they're specifically that specifically for iGaming, right? So that's like another one that's a little bit boring.

But it's like, if you just find like, some niche that are these other cashed up niches. So like one, for example, I think is like farming. Right?

Yeah, yeah. I know. I mean, any real estate is another one, right?

Yeah. Within that, you could even be like senior living or HVAC, you know, like things like that, where you know that everybody there can spell EBITDA. Right?

Well, it's like, it's I think for anything that where the interactions or the behaviors of your customer is very, it's very high value. But it's also it's very different to like, maybe like an ecom or whatever, like, or like, just a transaction, like, on our one, it's like, you have a bunch of games that you like, and you spend, you know, we want to know exactly if you've lost this amount of money in the next few hours, we want to like, make some contact with you and stuff like that, right? We can't really do custom behaviors like that with like a Salesforce or whatever, because, or like, whatever else CRM platform because it's, it's very tailored to a very broad niche.

So anything that has like, like, you're saying high value customers, and then basically figure out like, first principles, what should this look like for this niche? Yeah, yeah, I think something like that. That's pretty good.

I like that'd be a good idea. I think that's a very like, that's a very good sandbox for somebody that wanted to explore. And we just worked out for, it could be someone that does like, sort of in the gaming biz, there's, you know, VIP, like VIPs make up your whole entire business.

And we're talking about, there's actually other verticals as well where VIPs is like, your thing, you should actually every single business probably has VIPs that they're just like, not interacting with. So maybe like VIP medicine software for ecom, right for whatever, you know, even for like retail businesses or whatever, like, you probably have, yeah, you probably have like, customers that will come in, let's say, I started getting into like the hot, cold exposure therapy stuff. So I started going like, how tech bro of you.

I started going into these places like, you know, three, four times a week. But, you know, if these guys just would have know that like, I'm paying this much amount of money, right? Come up, sell me on something else or do something else.

Like, I think that even like retail businesses, like just, if you were to focus less of your time on trying to, you know, broaden and like getting re paying on these Facebook ads to get the next 1000 customers, what about the 10 that's going to spend like, you know, you know, whatever, five, 10 times more on the business. So that's probably I think some VIP management software for the next guys, that would be, you could sit on top of whatever, whatever niche you choose, you could just sit on top of the current software and just be like, Yeah, but this one is all about your VIPs. And we're just going to extract the data that we need, and then give you the actions or the recommendations or the triggers in order for you to like, when should we reach out?

What should we give them? What do they like? That could, that could be one.

This is probably not so unique. But I think, I don't know if you've used these, used people like this, but like, agencies for content that do, it's like full service of like thumbnails and editors. And I like, I don't know how hard that is to find like people that really know their shit about, you know, creating online content, because it seems like every single person wants to like, you know, be a personality or brand right now.

And so people that, I mean, a lot of these are like, uni kids that know how to do this. But it's like exactly how to connect those middle. Yeah, they'd be the middlemen for the unit.

Which was like, done for you. So df why? Yeah.

So like people who do this ecom now, honestly, I think they're pretty scammy, but they're like, Hey, we will just hand you an ecommerce business that makes cash flow, right? Like, anytime someone promises you passive income, just run away. Yeah.

But like, that's what they're promising. And a lot of people are these companies that are promising this are making a ton of money. And one of the reasons why is it's tempting to instead of just saying, here, we'll teach you Facebook ads.

But now you got to go figure out the rest. What product? What's the supply chain?

What's Google ads? They're like, we're just gonna give you the whole thing. Yeah, turkey.

And so you know, there's a version of that, like, there's video editors and content there. There's, you know, copywriters. But like, you kind of want the whole thing to sort of like done for you package.

Yeah, I think like a full service agency for all that sort of stuff might might work out. I'm trying to think of what else. Yeah, let's see.

Oh, this one's kind of related to like, maybe what you did with Shepard. But so recently, we like weeks, we had to expand to Japan, right? And that is like, none of us speak Japanese.

We don't know how to scale in that country. And so, well, what we had to do was like, first, let me research what other companies have done. And I remember reading, I think maybe it was like a Chamath video when he was at Facebook, and he was like, we hired some MBAs.

And they flew over to Japan, they came back. And, you know, a few months went by, we weren't growing. Like, what's going on?

We fired those MBAs. We got this like young woman from that was actually living in Japan. And within the first month, we're seeing growth.

And we're like, wait, what? Okay, what are you doing that these MBA people haven't done? She's like, Well, you know, on the Facebook profile, like, we don't care about your relationship status.

We care about your blood type. And it's just like, stuff like that, that you would only know, localization, not translation. And to find those people was like, it gets it's pretty hard to do that.

So maybe if there's some like, agency where, like, so we hired uni kids that are that speak native, like fluent English, so we can communicate with them. But also, they're fluent, you know, in Japanese and doing that, like, you know, growth has been like TEDx, of just like, they know the market in terms of they think that both of them knew anything about, like gambling, they don't need to know that we can teach them that, right? They seem to know, like, what are the people like?

How do you communicate with them? How do we localize all that content, do everything to cater to this market where, and it's in certain markets, very important that you are respectful, and you appear like you're not you appear like you're not a foreign company that's trying to attract the customers, you appear like you're born out of that country, Right. So, so doing that whole process for me was very hard to find like the right people that spoke English, that also was native in Japanese and knew all that.

So maybe if there was some like Shepard like agency to help you, okay, you're expanding into this country, here's like your, you know, growth assistants that are native to that language and can do all these things. That's cool. I like that.

Yeah, there's two crazy things on that one, if you look at the Facebook growth chart, like one of the key things for Facebook was getting the site translated and localized across like, and they did a, they had to do some crazy Wikipedia like shit to get the whole site translated because there's so many different, I mean, the Facebook site was kind of complex at the time. And so, um, I remember seeing that that was very impressive to me. Second is there's a sub version of this, which is just to do business in certain places.

You have to establish an office. Yeah. Like China, you can't do business there unless you have a local office, you can't do business.

Certain places can't pay, you can't pay local people unless you have a thing or whatever. And just that can take like a year. Yeah.

And so like, I remember with Twitter, when we're at Twitch, it's like, oh yeah, we're trying to put our servers here. We're trying to do this here. Um, we're using, we had to use Amazon's people to do international expansion, like Twitch, even as a multi-billion dollar company, didn't have like that expertise in house.

Right. And they would be like, yeah, it's going to be 12 months. And they'd be like, we're finally live in whatever, so-and-so country with our office.

And I'm like, what? And like, and they're like, yeah, this has been a year of effort. Yeah.

That's insane. Like, that seems like, can we turn that to software somehow? Like the way that Stripe Atlas did for company corporation?

Like, is there a Stripe Atlas for the world in that way? I've got a little funny story about the localization stuff. So um, like everyone probably listening is probably thinking like, oh, but why don't you just get AI to translate your stuff?

And it's, it's not there to the point because we were using just ChatubiT, a bunch of guys that were non-Japanese speakers and ChatubiT. And, you know, we're talking to like very high value customers. Right.

And, you know, the AI hasn't really caught up in like tone or like certain like nuances. And so apparently, like, you know, we were talking to a VIP, like they were a kid, like we were saying, good boy, like, playing that. And yeah, it was, yeah, people are into that shit.

Yeah, these people like, and then, you know, yeah, definitely, these people definitely were, they were like, they still play with us. Yeah, like disrespecting me, blah, blah, blah. So, um, yeah, so getting like, yeah, getting like, especially languages like that, like getting like native people to know how to speak.

Yeah, no way. So what one of the projects I worked on when I was at Twitch was like, we were trying to grow like crazy in Brazil. And so I was like, all right, luckily, we had a group of people like, there's four people in an office in Brazil that like, no one was even talking to really, they were like, they were so at arms late from headquarters.

And I was like, hey, I'm here. And you guys are like, my key people. They're like, oh, awesome.

We have so many ideas. Like, can you help us do them? We're like, yeah.

I was like, what sorts of ideas? And they were like, well, you know, our, everybody here uses YouTube. And so subscribe is like how you follow people on YouTube.

But on Twitch, subscribe is you cost money. So everybody here, they open the Twitch app, and they click subscribe to follow the someone they find interesting. It says pay $5, right?

They're like dollars, first of all, five, that's a week of groceries. Yeah. And secondly, this site, you have to pay to watch people screw this.

They don't even know that it's free to watch. Right? Yeah.

It's like, can you just change the text on that button? And I was like, oh, damn, how many more of those are there inside this app? And another one was like, we were like trying to come up with like his marketing campaigns, we're like marketing, like our marketing experts, like coming up with these ideas.

I asked the local team, they're like, hey, can you buy that? Can you just give me your credit card? I want to buy five iPhones.

I was like, iPhones, why? He's like, in Brazil, an iPhone is like a gold bar. This is like, he's like, we're just going to give these away.

Trust me, you'll get like 20,000 people watching the stream. I'm like, what? He's like, this is a gold bar.

Imagine somebody just giving out like golden bars. He just kept saying that, and he did it. And it was just exactly that.

It was like, all of a sudden was just number one most watched guy on Twitch that day. It was the guy giving away one iPhone. And he milked it for like four hours.

He's like, I'm not giving it away until we get like 30,000 people in here. Yeah. And he's like, and it worked.

It was insane. Yeah. There's stuff like that, that we find out like every week of like, oh shit, you guys actually do it this way.

And by us, have you heard about what Mr. Beast does with this? Yeah.

Uh, is it like the dubbing the videos? So first he exploded his growth by just being one of the few American YouTubers to like create his Brazil page, create his Philippines, create his Indonesia page. He created separate accounts for all those, localized them, hired somebody who speaks the language and like, yo, like when we were over hanging out with a, some lady walked in speaking Portuguese and I was like, like, yeah, what the hell's going on?

And he's like, oh yeah, she manages like my whole page for Brazil. Uh, you know, like you have to have somebody who speaks the language and knows it. And then what they did was I was like, so do you dub it?

He's like, yeah, we dub it, but we hire like voice actors. I'm like, why don't you, you can use AI. I'm like excited to be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm sure you can.

But like, he's like, what we do is we go and we find the guy who did the Spider-Man voice in Brazil and he does my dub for like pretty cheap. And then every comment is holy shit, it's Spider-Man. Yeah.

And like, he's getting crazy engagement because they're like that's Spider-Man. And he's like, yeah, it cost me like an extra five grand, but like, look at what it did to my page. I think they turned that into like a agency where they like, like they try to do for other people as well.

Like it's yeah, they do the done for you thing. They're like, yeah, if we did this for growth, we should do this for 20 other YouTubers. And I was like, dude, of all your businesses, like beastables or whatever.

Yeah. This is like the most underrated one because I'm like, this is genius. It's selling your sawdust, your, your byproduct stuff.

You've already built in the house. You're just making it available for others. Like that's a no, and you're Mr.

Beast. If you just said, Hey, every YouTuber, like you can use what I use. They'll all sign up.

Right. So it's like instant customer acquisition paying. And they take like, they're like, dude, you don't even have a page in the Philippines.

We're going to run, we're going to create it. We're going to run it for you. We get half or whatever we get 30 to 50%.

Right. So it's like, they don't just take like a monthly fee. They own like, you know, the majority, you know, like a huge chunk of that channel.

I'm like, that's a really good model. Yeah. I wonder if anyone's done like a roll up of YouTube channels and brands or whatever.

Like that seems like, seems like every niche ends up being like you get rolled out, you get rolled up and do that. So I don't know if I've heard of it. No, I haven't noticed.

So they're kind of doing it. What they're doing is they go to the creators and they say, we'll buy your back catalog. Right.

So they say, we'll give you $2 million a day. You can invest that in your videos now to make better videos. And they're like, we can just see with AdSense, we'll make our money back in two years.

And then after that, like forever, we profit off your back catalog. That's like the equivalent of like Taylor Swift selling exact masses, whatever. Exactly.

So this company is like, I don't know, raised a lot of money. I don't know. The key is underwriting.

It's like, I don't know if they correctly underwrite these deals or not. Yeah. But like Mr.

B sold a bunch of his back channel, a back catalog, a bunch of other people have. So I think they've like either raised at a billion dollar valuation or we're close to doing that for YouTube. I have a friend that I work with who manages speeds.

I, you know, speed the kid. He manages his IP. I don't call it like, whenever there's a video of speed go viral on YouTube or TikTok, whatever, they will claim it.

And then they make revenue off. No, they'll actually they'll run ads on it. And I think I think very quickly, like just speed alone has generated like a million dollars so far.

And he's like, we should just be doing this for like, not just speed, like all these different creators, they'll put down, you know, create like a big business that might be also like another like, within because the way that works is if your video if your IP is being played by somebody else, you can claim it and either they take it down or you get all the ad revenue. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

And I think you should just do a ladder like do that. So because they found like they're like, just like for people creators like speed, like a lot of the eyeballs that is that is on him is not on his videos. It's on the millions of copies and compilations and stuff that are that's that's going unclaimed.

Like you're just like easy money that you could be claiming and getting. So yeah, that's probably another thing that people should look into and do this. So yeah, this is great.

These are some these are fun ideas. I'm glad we did this, man. This is awesome.

And yeah, Sean, where should they follow you or go? What can they do? Yeah, you can follow me just like Twitter.

Sean, Sean Hawk, but the last few letters of my name is cut off. So this is H A Q. So if you're S H A A N.

Yeah, I'm I S H A N H A Q. That's that's my Twitter. Nobody knows what H is in America.

H. H. Exactly.

H. But yeah, follow me on Twitter if you're or LinkedIn. Look me out.

Put it in the description. Dude, amazing. I'm proud of you.

I'm you know, this has been amazing to I've done the validation. Yeah, yeah, you know, I'll say it. I I am super impressed.

I just I'm so glad you kind of you've taken, you know, the ball you just run with it. And you're taking just such interesting shots on goal. Yeah.

And like whether any of these work or not right now is pretty secondary. Like, yeah, by the time you're 30, your scoreboard is going to be filled up. You're going to have made all the successes, whether it was this or that.

I don't know which one. Yeah. By the time you're 30, you're going to have it all done in terms of like, you know, the achievement side.

But you're also just going to have had so much fun. Right. And like, you know, these lessons you're learning about like hiring these kids in Japan because of this.

Yeah. Those are the real lessons of business. And so I'm so glad you're getting them, man.

This is so cool to see. Thanks. I appreciate it.

I've got one last question. Yeah. Okay.

I read you said so you I forgot like your one life goal was like, I think it was like, you want to educate with a one percent of the world or whatever. I what I saw what I said at the time was, I want to be like, for 1% of the world, I want to be their favorite teacher. Yeah, like, you know, which was at the time, I think like 60 million people or something like that.

I was like, if, if 60 million people thought like, because like, for me, I'm like, Oh, like I learned so much from Tony Robbins or Tim Ferriss or Naval or these people, like, I'd love to just be that for, for people. I think that's like, yeah, I know what they kind of have done for me. That'd be so cool.

If I was that for other people that I think that would be like the highest calling for me. Yeah. Yeah.

And do you think so is that a is that still the case? And then be like, do you still want to do that? And be like, what do you think will be the?

What do you think will be like the avenue that where you achieve that? Like is it? Is it because you're already in the ears of, you know, all these people, whatever those stats are now?

Yeah, very different. So what that's where we started. Yeah.

But um, do you think you'll be podcasting? It's not actually that goal. That goal, I think was arbitrary.

Like, who cares if it's $60? Who cares if it's 1%? It was ambitious.

It like it sounded good. But I'm like, I'm only need to say this to myself. Like, I don't I need to believe it for myself what this what this actually means.

And that's not something I like needed to die to do, you know, like, I didn't like feel like it was do or die to do be able to pull that off. It was something that like sounded better than what I really meant. It was also kind of virtue signaling like, you know, um, I don't even know if like teachers the right word.

But I guess the thing that I think about now is almost like the D I I stripped the ambition out of that and just made it really simple, but more true for me, which was, I want to be somebody that if I was 21, I would look up to this person like I'd be like, that is what I want to be. That guy's awesome. And that's a combination of things.

So for example, part of it is making content being out there. Otherwise, I wouldn't have even known that this guy existed. Part of it is do cool shit.

So that like stuff that like, I respect more, I think is cool in some way. Some of it is like, build a cool business. Some of it's like, uh, you know, this outcast conference, like, that's cool.

I'm like, I like his reasoning behind that. I liked that he went and did it or like, you know, you know, just giving somebody, you know, a bunch of money because you believe in them and like my version of philanthropy, it's not like donating to the cause and going and sitting on the board of some nonprofit. But like, if you see somebody who's got a dream, like fund it and like make that happen.

So I want to do cool shit that like, I would respect. And the last part is the way you come across. Like, I know that my favorite people were charismatic storytellers.

They were funny. They were likable. They didn't feel like they were bullshitting you.

They had moments where they were honest and like, they could have just not shared that or they could have said a sanitized version, but they chose to just be real. So I'm like, those became my like scoreboard is like, would I at age 18 to 24, like, would I have thought this guy's the man? And like, I know even at that time, I was like, if I saw someone that was awesome, like Elon Musk, oh, he's amazing.

I remember watching some documentary about him on the plane before he even started like, uh, Tesla, I think, or it was like long time ago. And I remember thinking, this guy's awesome, but he had like had four marriages at that point. I was like, that's not winning to me.

I like that he's an outlier in this one domain, but like, I didn't want to replicate these other three. So like, you know, to me, I'm like, the thing I would have respected is somebody who's like, just like, they're a really great dad. Like, for example, one of the things I want to do instead of, instead of doing another business or write a check is like, I want to go coach like a high school basketball team, like mighty ducks style for a year or two years or something like that.

Yeah. And I'm, if I remember if I had, if old me, if young me had heard that some guy was just some rich guy was doing that. Yeah.

I would have been like, I don't care if he's not the richest or most successful, that guy's awesome. And so I just kind of want to be the person like, what's that cool? Like be who you needed when you were younger.

Yeah. Not needed, but like be who you would have admired when you were younger. Right.

And, uh, that's the goal. Yeah. Uh, not the like exact goal I had before, which I don't know if it's better or worse, but like, it's more true for me.

So I know I remember, I think you'll say on some part, you're like, you, I think you went to LA or something, you met a bunch of like rich people. And at this point now, I've met a bunch of billionaires and other cool people. And the most part, like a lot of rich people are like miserable.

And, um, they, and like we mentioned before about the kids that stay in their room and build these businesses, they lack other components of life. And I see that reflected throughout all these people that are, yeah, they've, they've made a bunch of money or they've done this one cool thing, but they've neglected every other part of their life. And it's like, okay, it's there's, yeah, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, you know, trade.

I wouldn't want to, I wouldn't want to be in those shoes. Um, it's similar to what the, I forgot who it was, but some guy talked to the Instacart CEO and he was like, uh, are you, how old are you? And he was like, I'm 33.

And he's like, I would be, and this guy's worth billions of dollars. He's like, I'll do anything to be 33 again. Um, like I hear trade trade all this money.

So it's like, I see that a lot more now and I, you know, I'm hopefully maturing a lot more because before I was like, yeah, I just want to get all this and get the money and stuff like that. Um, but yeah, I think that's something cool. And, uh, one thing that one of the, probably the most important thing, not important, but like effective things that I love working on the year, um, was, I mean, everybody, maybe it was, maybe you're talking to Sully or Sully taught you this was like aggression, like just being like aggressive in like getting, getting things done and what you want.

Like, I think most people don't, don't do that. Like they don't follow up or, you know, they don't, they don't be annoyed. Like they don't, they don't try to be annoying.

Um, when I, when I started applying that, I was like, okay, things are moving away, way, way faster. Uh, yeah. I remember probably like, cause I used to kind of, you were like my dear diary.

It's like, I come home and I'd be like, I don't even know what time it was your time. You know, I'd be like, like 3am and I'd be like, Hey, I'm ready to work. And like, I'd be like, I met this guy or I noticed this thing.

And I would like, kind of like use you as my sounding board to like play some of these lessons back. Yeah. So it's cool to hear what like stuck, but yeah, that, that idea of like intensity is the strategy, meaning like, yeah, this guy's not smarter than me.

He's not more knowledgeable to me about this. He's not like, there's no special aura around this person. What is it that's made this person so successful?

And what, what do I, what's the difference between me and them? And I just noticed, I was like, Oh, he doesn't have these like imaginary walls where it's like, you stop here. Right.

It was just like, no, like, okay, we want to do this left. Like I remember one time we wanted to do a deal. The guy who we want to invest in this company.

And he was like, there was kind of on the fence. And he was like, what if we just wire him the money? And I was like, $2 million.

And he's like, he's like, yeah, like, let's wire him the money. He's the honest guy. Like we met the guy.

He's like, not like a crook. Yeah. He's like, let's just wire him the money.

And then like, I feel like that'll tip the scale. Once the money's in his bank account, he's not going to like, want to like wire it back. And I was like, this guy's insane.

And like, we had another moment like that where we were working on a, one of the founders was like, Oh, I really need to raise this round. And they're telling us this urgency. I really got to do this.

We're running out of money. The pitches are not going well. The first few pitches didn't go well.

Can you guys help? We're like, yeah, we can help. We can help.

Right now sounded like an emergency. Oh, we got a thing. And we're like, you got a thing.

You just said this is like so important. Okay, whenever you can. They get on, they get on a call with us.

We go through the deck before we, we said, send the deck in advance. There's like 40 minutes before the call. What did most people do?

40 minutes before they call this, we'll talk about it in 40 minutes. Yeah. No, no, no.

So he was like, by the time the call happened, he'd already emailed back like slides nine through 13 suck. Eliminate them. Slide four is backwards.

Put it in slide one. Slide one needs to say this. It already given them the full first round of feedback.

Yeah. They were like, what the hell? So they were like looking at it and we're like, cool, let's just make these changes right now.

And they're like, no, no, we don't want, we want to be respectful of your time. He's like, the thing that's respectful of my time is like showing that you're like full force going for this. Not that you're not going to use my time.

I'm here to hell, but like, let's do the thing. Yeah. You want to make this awesome?

Let's make it awesome. So they start working on it and they're like, okay, we, we, we know what we need to do next because we need to go pull some data and do whatever. And, um, so we'll check back in with you whenever.

And he's like, uh, you know, it was like noon. He was like, cool. Like let's check in at 6 PM today.

And they're like two calls in a day. And even I was like two calls in a day. I've never done that with somebody.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Have you ever scheduled two calls in one day with somebody? Like, yeah, never happens. It's not that it's so crazy.

It's not like running into a burning building, but it's kind of the business equivalent of running into it. It's like, whoa, that's unusual. That's like a highly intense way to do this.

Yeah. And you could tell they were kind of shipped by it and then they did it. And at 6 PM, it was like, still not like exactly where we needed it to be.

Or we realized something. Right. And we're like, cool.

9 AM tomorrow. Let's do it again. By the third day, we were like, this deck is in great shape, but these guys were like worn out.

Yeah. And so he was like, dude, I'm just getting warmed up. This is great.

This is like, what I live for is find the thing and laser in and just go for it. And like, what, who says we can't meet twice in a day? Who says that they said no to the first proposal?

Well, let's, what if, you know, there is some number they'll do this at what's that number. And like, you know, he'll just think about it differently. Yeah.

That stuck with me. I'm glad that kind of that idea stuck with you. I say it out loud so that somebody out there listening will be realized like, yo, my intensity knob is stuck at six.

Yeah. Like 10 isn't more hours. It's just like more focus and it's more intensity at the main issue and not self-limiting and solved by, by fake imaginary walls that don't exist.

Yeah. Yeah. You got to bring the energy, uh, no small boy stuff.

That's right. There we go. All right.

That's it. That's the pod. Yeah.

There's one, there's one. There we go. You know all ahead of him, but if he uses the word, the depth of us, you you