We're the click here and you're not gonna believe what happens next generation. We've grown up with the internet and know every trick in the book. Over the years we've built up an impenetrable bullshit detector.

Except it doesn't work on us. You know it, we know it, everyone knows it. So then, why hasn't anyone figured this out yet?

We are The Hustle and we're proving that the only way to penetrate one's bullshit detector is, well, not to bullshit. Each morning we send out a daily email using our bold, irreverent, and authentic voice to cut through the sea of nonsense and explain current events to young professionals throughout the world. Our editorial team speaks to our audience in a way they understand and love and delivers that content where our audience lives each morning.

Their email. So far things are going really well. Since launching the daily email last April we've grown to 200,000 fiercely loyal subscribers from all over the world with an industry crushing open rate of 40%.

Say what? Our users are young, ambitious, extremely intelligent, and the future shot callers of the world. Now on to the important stuff.

Word of mouth has been our biggest growth channel. We have over a thousand brand ambassadors who have helped spread the word. And we've also had thousands of people attend our events which has helped create community and buzz advertising, event sponsorships, and ticket sales.

We've been profitable since August of 2016 and then recently raised a round of funding so we can grow faster and expand the community. We've raised money from some extremely successful entrepreneurs and media founders. You can see the entire list below.

Email is one of the most intimate ways a brand can communicate with their users. It scales easily with a small editorial team. The advertising rates are significantly higher and, most importantly, we don't have to play games and use clickbait to get people to click on our articles and their social feeds.

We're on a mission to capture the young professionals market as fast as possible. Our next goal is to hit a million subscribers within the year while maintaining our industry crushing engagement numbers. Once there, we plan on expanding the community and offering different products and services.

So, want to join our pirate ship?