So basically, it's like Shark Tank, but the viewers can invest. And I think, all right, so we're going to have six startups. Each startup gets two minutes to pitch.

And then we have up to five minutes to ask questions. And last time, I don't know if you remember the Sean, but last time, the companies that pitched ended up raising like millions and millions of dollars. All right, what up?

Sean, do you play video games? Of course I play video games. Do you really?

Not as much as I used to. I don't really play at all, but I mean, I just, I don't, I'm not like a gamer, but do you know what Xbox Cloud is? I didn't know what that was.

Yeah, kind of. I'm in the PS, I'm in the PlayStation universe. I don't really use Xbox Cloud, but it's like the cloud gaming thing for them.

Yeah, but basically I paid like a dollar to play Flight Sim. Do you know what Flight Sim is? Yeah, of course.

You probably love that thing. It's awesome. I just started doing it and like, because me and Sarah are thinking about going to Korea and I'm like, well, let's just go like fly to Seoul right now and see what it's like.

It like you can fly around and I paid a dollar for it and I'm playing on my computer. It's so cool. I've never been a video gamer, but it's awesome.

A video gamer? Just gamer. Hello, fellow millennials.

Yeah. Wait, so do we not see these pitches? What's going on here?

So I see a bunch of comments. I've got a screen over here. Do you have the comments set up?

Okay, here we go. And then I believe Courtney or someone else is going to control it. So someone's going to come up and they're going to pitch for two minutes.

Okay, great. And we're really investing money this time. Maybe.

I'm not doing it. I'm only doing it if it's good. Well, yeah, only if it's good.

Of course, I'm not going to just throw money at something bad, but I'm ready. I got the checkbook out, so I'm ready today. I think $50,000, $100,000 would be awesome to deploy if there's a great startup in here.

But we shall see. What's up? I can see the chat.

So let's give a background here. All right. So this thing, it's called stonks.com.

It's like a live shark tank type of company. I'm an investor in it, so I have some interest here. But you're not an investor, right, Sean, of this company?

No, I'm just working for free right now. Yes. I don't care if people use it or not, but I just wanted to disclose that.

But so six companies. Describe the format. It's cool.

There's basically a video screen where they pitch the investors. There's right now 250 people watching live, and then there's a live chat to people in the audience, and they can tag themselves as angel investor, founder, VC, just, I don't know, normal muggle. And they can chat during the pitches.

They can also express interest to invest, which will let them connect with that founder after the fact. So it's kind of like a way, it's a way to do angel investing, no matter where you are in the world, making shark tank, you know, the default process for investing, which is pretty dope. And yeah, as Calvin says, no small boy stuff today.

That's my only rule with these founders coming and pitching, coming and pitching. They always say, what's your advice? I say it's the same as always.

No small boy stuff. All right. So, so basically we're going to, it's like shark tank, but the viewers can invest.

And I think, all right, so we're going to have six startups. Each startup gets two minutes to pitch. And then we have up to five minutes to ask questions.

And last time, I don't know if you remember the Sean, but last time we, the companies that pitched ended up raising like millions and millions of dollars. So it was, it was pretty interesting. So let's see if we get that, uh, just another life change, just another day, just another life change as far as I'm concerned.

Well, cause we, so basically we're doing this live and then we're going to air on our YouTube and podcasts. And I think people can still invest at that point, but so yeah, a lot of lives have changed, but let's check it out. So let's, we're going to go, uh, the first one, uh, Jesse, you're going to bring it up.

There you go. Two minutes. And then, uh, we do five minute Q and a.

Awesome. Hey guys, Luke from cherry here. Hey Sam.

Hey Sean. Um, so cherry is a, uh, exists to ensure accommodation businesses get more direct bookings and in turn giving consumers better travel deals. So online travel agencies today, like Expedia booking.com and Airbnb bringing around $250 billion in bookings resulting around 35 billion in commission fees.

Average property can sometimes pay up to 30% commission on those bookings. With the market power that these guys have, it's really hard for an individual property to get direct bookings. And that's where we've come in.

Meet cherry. Cherry is a free browser extension. It gives you deals when searching for accommodations.

You can find it right now at join cherry.com. So imagine that you're searching for a property. You're looking on booking.com.

You found one you liked and bam, cherry is going to pop up. It's going to show you a better deal for booking directly with the property. And on clicking get deal, we'll take you directly through to the property's direct website.

We copy across the guests, the check in, the check out and the promo code allowing you to check out with ease. Now, Sam, imagine we did this with marathon ranch on Airbnb. You could have cherry popping up, showing a deal directly to customers, allowing them to come through to your direct guestie booking engine on your own website.

All of our properties have a dedicated backend, allowing them to manage their deal daily, monthly, or seasonally. They've got full control. The current product works across desktop.

And in the future months, we'll be launching all your favorite travel deals directly from your pocket on mobile. We're highly adaptable. We work across all accommodation providers like city hotels, resorts, vacation rentals.

And the future proofing of our product is across attractions, flights, and also car hire. Within four short months, we're approaching 1,000 partner properties in Australia, New Zealand, and Canada from all the major brands you might be aware of. And by November, we'll be launching into the US with an expected 20,000 partner properties.

We're the team to get this done. We've got a mixture of great travel and tech experience and integrated sounding advisory board across marketplaces, travel and tech as well. So what do you say?

Should we get back to traveling? Oh, nice little closing. Did you work on that today?

Yeah, I did. That's good. Good.

I like that. This is really like Shark Tank. So what do you say?

Shall we fly through the sky? All right. So let's start off.

Sam, give me your initial thoughts. I don't know this space that much. So my initial thoughts are I'm trying to figure out how this is different from just like Expedia with a Chrome plugin.

Or is that it? Is that like the dumbed down version? Yeah, we're essentially allowing properties to get more direct bookings by having it pop up on online travel agencies, sending them direct to the property's website so they're not having to pay the large commission fees.

And there's a two-way incentive. So the buyer gets a little discount and then the hotel doesn't have to pay the referral fee to Expedia, right? Correct.

Instead, they pay a referral fee to you, presumably. Yeah, we charge on a performance base and sometimes on a subscription base. So are you cheaper than Expedia then?

Yeah, correct. So for us, we charge a performance fee of $10 a month and then we pay $0.79 a click. Whereas some of these properties are paying upwards of 30% commission on some of these bookings.

And the way it works is you have this Chrome plugin installed. I go to HiltonSydney.com or whatever it is and it says, hey, or sorry, I go to Expedia or I go to some other website where there's hotels listed and it goes, hey, by the way, if you just click this little, it's like honey. So I see like a little notification on my Chrome thing.

It says, if you click that, you're actually going to save $10 if you just come straight to our website. Is that right? Correct.

So how do you get the Chrome extension users, right? That seems like the hard part. So how do you get them today?

So you said you had 3,000 of them. So where did those 3,000 come from and where did the next 10 or 30,000 come from and how much does that cost you? Yeah.

So what we've done is we've been able to partner with the hotels that we're signing up, which has made it really easy from a customer acquisition point of view. So for instance, we're launching with around 300 new properties in Canada at the moment, and they're actually rolling it out to their loyalty base around 2 million members from an email point of view. And so we'll partner with them, and that's the engaging point of view that we're going out with.

And then we've got some paid media rolling out across YouTube and Reddit, and those are the likes. Sorry. So I don't understand.

So why does the hotel care to tell its customers to install Cherry? Yeah. So they're almost sick of paying these large commission fees that they do to the online travel agencies.

So for them to be able to bring their members, incentivize them to use the Cherry product while they're searching across all of the different online travel agencies, it's a benefit for them to then not have to pay those commissions every single time. Do you think that what... Let's say that you're actually advising people not to invest in you because the travel industry is so hard.

What's the honest truth that you would say? Because the travel industry, like performance marketing in the travel industry seems like the most cutthroat thing there is next to like, you know, ranking for like lawyer terms like mesophilioma lawsuit. You know what I mean?

Like what else? Definitely. Well, I guess the data that we've seen in travel over the last four months is that it's actually back and it's bigger than 2019 pre-pandemic levels that we saw.

And not just that it's back from a volume perspective, but in terms of what people are spending is higher. So the average room rate of dollar value that people are spending is going higher. So yeah, I'm trying to tell you not to invest at this point, but from our regard, travel is back and bigger than ever.

So it seemed like Honey did a great job because they found a way to acquire users for cheap. And I think YouTubers and influencers were like one of the big strategies. It seems like you could do that with these like travel bloggers, travel tips, you know, flight deals, hotel deal type of bloggers, YouTubers, that sort of thing.

Have you guys started doing that? And what do you see? What does it cost you to get an install when you pay?

Right? Because I don't know. I'm not really buying this idea that hotels are just going to keep spamming their customers to install your app.

That just because they're so fed up with Expedia. I don't know. I don't really buy that.

Yeah. Yeah. So when we first started, we were noticing $10, $12 of a CPA on Facebook and Instagram.

And we realized that that was just not continually achievable. And so we switched and we pivoted very much into the Reddits and the Pinterest of the world. And we were able to get down to sort of that $2, $3 mark.

But YouTube is where we identified the big growth. How much did you spend? We were spending a few thousand dollars a month.

Yeah. And what's a customer worth? So what do those customers generate for you in a year?

Yeah. So the customers aren't necessarily the generators for us. It's the properties paying the performance and the subscription fee.

But the average saving for a customer could be up to $150 a year in travel savings. Gotcha. Okay.

They're telling us we're at time. Luke, thank you. Thanks, guys.

Sam will quickly debrief and then we'll move on to the next pitch. So Sam, are you getting out? I'm out.

I'm out. It has nothing to do with him. It's just the industry.

I'm just... It's not you. It's not me.

It's the industry. Yeah. Yeah.

So look, I'm one of the very few... So there's this weird rule. I don't know if it's a law or it's a rule, but basically, have you ever heard about this where like Expedia or some other company, there's this regulation that they have to display like the same rate across all websites if that rate is going to be publicly available.

Have you ever heard of that? No, but that makes sense. So there's these guys I met who bought these Instagram handles like at hotel.

And now they have like 50 million followers across all their things. And it says, DM us for a good hotel deal. And you DM them and they have a chat bot that figures out where you want to go.

And then they could actually send you way more exclusive deals because they don't have to follow the law because it's not... It's a private conversation. And I think that's like an interesting take.

That's a really intriguing take to me. This take that this guy has, Luke, I think it's also interesting. I don't think it's good enough though to like be crazy different from all the other folks out there in an industry that's to me as somewhat uneducated seems like it's a really, really, really, really tough to succeed in.

I think the hard part here is I'm not installing this unless I'm traveling, right? Like I'm not just, oh, let me just preemptively install this. So I think travel is so infrequent.

It's hard to get people to install this. And I didn't love that answer you gave at the end. He's like, oh, our customers don't generate money for us.

Well, they do, right? They're the ones who go book. And so, you know, on average of the people that install 25% actually go book something.

And of those 25% who book on average, that generates $20 for us. And so I can tell you no public math, but let me just do it anyways. That's, you know, whatever, four or five bucks that that customer's worth for me.

And I bought them for two. So that's your spread. There's going to be some math like that.

So that's what I'm always looking for with founders is can you, from a bottoms up way, explain how the money machine of your business works? I put a dollar in here, then it generates, you know, $3 on the way out. And I've done that at this scale.

And now the only question is if I scale up, will that money stay the same? Right. That's, that's what I'm looking to do.

So yeah, I'm out as well. I like the guy, like the name, but I think that Honey for Travel, if it was going to be a thing, Honey would do it. And if it, you know, and I also think that the, and I think the reason they don't is because as a standalone thing, it's hard to acquire users for this.

Because travel is infrequent and expensive. There's a commenter in the chat room that says, my wife says she's out. I agree with, I agree with Ben Simpson's wife.

And in fact, I want to know what all of your wives feel. And if your wife's not around, because she's not watching this at a 10 AM on a Tuesday, you know your wife and you know your husband. So just tell us in the chat after every single pitch, is your wife or husband in or out based on what you know about them?

All right. Next up. Yeah.

I want to know too. And also ask, ask them. My wife is definitely out.

My wife is definitely Sarah. Is Sarah out for you? Yeah.

She's not in. And if you want to ask them what the, what your wife's opinion is on Sean and me, as well as the startups, we're okay. We'll listen to that, but only if it's a good thing.

Next up. Hold on. Look at this cover from Ali.

I keep my wife, my wife away from the show because you guys are too handsome. Look, if I had a nickel for every time I heard that. You'd have like 15 cents.

I'd have three nickels. Yeah. Maybe 25 cents.

Maybe a whole quarter. All right. Uh, pill up is the next startup.

What a name. Yeah. Hi guys.

Pill up. I'm. Pill up.

Don't get gang signs. I'm. Pill up.

Yo. That's why I took the name. Pill up.

Cheers. Okay. Hi guys.

I'm Ankur, co-founder of Pill up, and I'm here to make you millions. Let's get started. So 56% of patients in India have poor medication adherence.

And guess how many are chronic patients in India? 430 million. So that's a big problem and a huge opportunity for us.

But what are the reasons behind this poor adherence? Number one, forgetfulness. People tend to forget to eat their medication due to old age, or they're just busy with their schedule.

Second one is poor medication management. People take the wrong medicines at the wrong time, double dose. It happens more often than you think.

Financial constraints. The fourth one is personal beliefs. You know, some people in India believe if they start to take medicines, they have to take it for the lifetime.

And the fifth one is unable to read doctor prescription. Presenting you the pill up solution. We pre-sort your medication by time and date, personalized as per your prescription, but you will still forget to take medicines due to some reason.

Right? Don't worry. We got you covered.

We provide medication reminders on your preferred platform so you don't forget to take medicine. But in case you still do, your wife will remind you because we're going to alert her after one hour of your medication time. And lastly, we convert this beautiful doodle art of the doctor into a pillar planner, which is much easier to understand.

We provide a one-stop solution to improve your medication and endurance through the app, through pre-sorting pouches, and our dispenser. We are a team of engineers, analysts, and doctors. I'm a serial entrepreneur and a YC alumni.

Dr. Manish has 19 years of experience. He is a cardiologist and a conscious of brains behind this whole business.

To put things into perspective, even if you miss one day of medication in tuberculosis, you start again from day zero. Let this sink in. Thank you.

Good job. Thank you. Ankur, that was awesome.

Let that sink in. Thank you. You started and ended with some major restaurant owner energy right there.

Like, you came in and said, I'm here to make you millions, and you left with, let that sink in. Thank you. I've actually never seen that, and I don't know, I'm still a little shook.

Sam, you take it away. That was great. Yeah, I think you did a good job.

Is this an Indian company? Is this in India? Yes.

And you're in downtown India right now. I could hear the, where are you at? I'm in the capital, New Delhi.

Nice. You're wearing a Y Combinator shirt, makes something people want. Is this a YC company?

No. My previous startup was a YC company. Oh, nice.

So this was in winter 21. So me and my partner, we pivoted and had a different vision for where to take the company. So I started on New.

Is this company basically PillPack for India? Yeah, kind of. But the customer insights are a bit different.

So PillPack was focused on medication management, pre-sorting so that people can stay back at home and spend more time with their family. While our focus is on to increase the medication adherence issue, which is reminding people to take their medication timely intervention and to make their life more easier and convenient. So I would say 50 to 60% PillPack, but there's more to it.

And why doesn't PillPack focus on that? So is it that in India, the problem is different, like the people's behavior is different? Or why wouldn't you just do PillPack for India?

PillPack's been quite successful. Is India itself not enough of a differentiator from there? No.

So PillPack hasn't entered India because there has been a recent healthcare revolution change. So that makes it possible for India. The UHI change, similar to the UPI, if you're aware of what the payments change that happened and changed the whole fintech industry.

Similarly, the UHI change is happening in India. Moreover, due to COVID, the e-pharmacy have been booming in the last three years with the CAGR of 45%. And with the online payments, it has made possible to get this technology out there.

Earlier in India, online ordering of medicine wasn't a concept. You should change your shirt instead of make something people want. You should say, make drugs people take.

And that'll be a head turner. What's the traction like? I feel like you gave us the high-level problem and solution pretty well, but you didn't say much about traction.

So we launched two months ago. Last month, our traction was $1,300. We, on an average, get an order value of $200 from our customers per month.

And we have a very high retention rate. But as the sample size is very small, it doesn't make sense to say it is 90%. Sure.

And how are you going to get customers? So we have three channels. One is B2B.

So today also, we made a B2B partnership with old age homes, with whom there are 20 to 30 clients staying in their old age homes. Second one is we are pushing out the product by introducing it to the doctors through our sales channel. And third, we will be starting our influencer programs next month once our WhatsApp bot and all the technical side is on track.

And really important question. Is that zero to one on your bookshelf? Yes.

Hmm. I'm in. Is that settlers of Catan?

Oh, interesting. Yeah, I love Catan. What have you been saying to American investors who say, dude, American healthcare is too complicated.

I don't know anything about that, let alone another country that I maybe don't even know that much about. So I haven't reached out to the American investors yet. So this is my first pitch.

I just wanted you guys to be my investors because I love my first million. And I've already received funding so that I can get into Y Combinator again. And I have a clear path for the next two years.

The funding is secured. And for the American investors, I said, you know, I haven't reached out to them yet. And you said that the e-pharmacies have been booming.

And that's, I think that's just very true. I looked at investing in a, you know, e-pharmacy. Why don't they just do this, you know, as part of your offering where they're able to sort of.

So their focus is very different. So e-pharmacies right now have been working on two things. Out of the 15 problems we have identified, they are working on the delivery part.

They want to do the delivery within three hours. There are three unicorns already in this space. And the whole market right now is discounted.

No one is working on what happens post delivery of medicines. So that's the space we want to work in. And that's where we are finding a lot of interest from the people.

And all our sales are mostly through word of mouth. So we are in the pre-launch phase. We just shared the product with 10 people.

And then, you know, we, they just shared further. And now we have 250 people. And next month we are doing a proper launch.

And, and you said you're raising $200,000 at a $4 million cap. Is that right? Yeah.

Okay. Okay, great. And they're telling you to try it.

$200,000. Awesome. We're at time.

We can, we can close it up. Thank you so much, Ankur. Thanks for coming on.

Thank you, Sean. Thank you, Sam. Thanks.

What do you think? I like it. I'm in, I would invest in this at PreSeed.

Now the, the, the questions I have, the things I would want to know is he mentioned that his last company, which was YC21, that's not very long ago. It did not. Not a red flag, but something to ask about.

Yeah. Yeah, exactly. But, you know, there is some red I see in the distance.

I just don't know if it's a flag or like, you know, it could be a red flag. Yeah. So why did, why did him and his co-founder disagree?

What went into that? How did they handle it? Um, so, you know, that seems kind of interesting.

I'd like to know a little bit more about that. And, um, I'd also like to talk to some of the e-pharmacy people and be like, Hey, why isn't there a pill pack for India? And just hear what they say.

Do you have, well, I guess you don't need an Indian based person to like tell you that, but do you have like a, like someone who's somewhat of an expert on India healthcare? Yeah. I know a guy who runs one of the big e-pharmacies there.

And then, uh, just in general, you know, you, this is one, one DM away from getting that answer. So that would be the other contingency for me. That's why I would pass is I don't have that.

Uh, you know, I, I don't, I don't, I don't like you could tell, he could have told me anything about India's healthcare. And I would have said, yeah, okay, cool. Yeah.

Like, so India has now floated. It's next to China. You're like, oh man, that's cool.

Uh, yeah. So like he could have said anything and I just, I, it's really hard for me to, to, to know like what the truth is. Right.

Um, so I don't know if I would do it. Also tell me what you think about this. Do you think that it's a good pitch or not to say we are pill pack of India?

We are blank, but for this country. Yes. Sometimes I'm like, yeah, okay.

I'm okay with that. You don't, you don't have to like, you know, you don't have to sell. Yeah.

He really should. Don't, don't piss on my back and tell me it's rain. Just tell me what it is.

Yeah, exactly. He should have just told us what it is. He should have said we're pill pack for India.

Pill pack has built a X billion dollar business and was acquired by Amazon. And they don't operate in India because of that, because of, um, India specific regulations, like he said. So, uh, the pill pack for India is going to start in India and it's going to be us.

Now, the things that we do that are similar to pill pack is blank, blank, blank. That's been validated. The part we're doing that's new is this.

That's how I would have pitched that business in order to like fast, you know, make it faster for the, for the investor to understand the size of the prize. Do you feel partial towards Indian startups? More so than a non more.

So yeah. More so than like, uh, I don't like a French startup or something. Uh, yeah, kind of like, I think I know a little bit more about the market.

I've been there, I've, you know, family there I've now invested in a bunch of companies there. So it all just builds over time, but also it's a humongous market. That.

It has just had those like, uh, you know, what do you call those like inflection points or whatever? Basically. A billion people all got mobile phones with internet in the last like couple of years.

And that just like, it's like before it's a dramatic before and after. And, um, so, you know, serving that market and building solutions for that market is really awesome. Like now it's a golden cohort of companies.

Cause they're all riding the back of this thing where one company basically gave away 4g internet, uh, essentially a dirt dirt cheap cost cheaper than in America. So a lot of people got online. You know, what's fucked up though, is that big company.

That was that it was a big Pakistani company that like everyone was a fan of air or something. What was it called? Yeah.

Air lift or something. It's like, I don't know if it was you, but a bunch of my friends were like, oh, this thing's, this thing's awesome. This is awesome.

And I remember thinking like, I don't know anything about Pakistan, but all my smart friends say, this is a good idea. And I was like really interested in it. And I think I ended up passing, but it went out of business and whether it's good or bad that impacts whether I want to invest in a foreign company, because I don't like, it's like, oh, I don't know, man.

I don't know anything about this country. So I have mixed feelings right now on, on investing in locations that I know nothing about. Yeah.

My, some of my worst investments came from, well, all these other smart people are doing it and I don't know why they did it. I don't know if they're actually smart. I don't know if they, uh, you know, what their assumptions are, what their context is, what they can afford to lose.

And so I've made some pretty terrible decisions like that in the past. So that's famous last words for me is like, well, well, these other smart people are doing it. Yeah.

Well, sometimes that works though. It worked once for me. Um, all right, Steve campus Inc.

College laundry. Oh, close, close, close, close. I don't know.

Like I got like a stain on my, or I was like a college tattoo parlor. I don't know. Love it.

I haven't gotten that joke before, but I appreciate it. Uh, let's go ahead. All right.

Hey everyone. My name is Steven. I'm the CEO of campus Inc.

We're a D2C and B2B merch platform powered by college athletes and college students. We're going to work with the athletes and sell to other organizations like the Greek system. Last year we did $4.5 million in sales.

This year we're on pace to do 7 million. Sean, you went to Duke. So I'm going to pick on you a little bit.

In another world, you're a five-star recruit, former coach K brings you in and introduces you to your new NIL director. You have the opportunity to sell your own branded Duke merch through campus Inc. We're talking jerseys, custom drops, limited releases, and you're going to earn anywhere between eight to $15 per item sold.

Your jerseys are going to be sold in the stadium and online. And when you go to the final four, you're even going to make money on final four apparel. When you go pro, Sean, you're going to be able to sell your Duke jersey for the rest of your life.

At the University of Illinois, we made our college basketball team over $100,000 in the regular season at Illinois and Mark Cuban invested in us over a cold email. He's helping us take this to every college across the country. So far we have over 600 athletes in our queue.

We've signed 15 schools, including Duke, UConn, Syracuse, and most of the Big Ten. Our platform solves a few significant problems. One we noticed that universities are desperate to show they're supporting their athletes in this new NIL space.

Coaches are losing recruits because other schools are moving faster. They need a solution. We have it and we're there for them.

There's also over 180,000 D1 athletes who are all micro influencers and don't have the time, resources, or skills to run their own merch platform. We're there to help them. Finally, we know that traditional D2C is throttled and at the mercy of Facebook.

We'd rather reward the students. We think we have an unfair advantage in acquiring customers. When we sign schools, they connect to athletes and athletes connect with fans.

And that's how we sell merchant campus Inc. All right. Wow.

Wow. No small boy stuff. No small boy stuff, dude.

I see you put me a lot of here. Yeah. No small boy stuff.

Hey, actually, I got a bone to pick with Sean or Sam, Sam, Sam. Sorry, Sam. I designed you guys a merch platform here.

Check this out. Oh, I remember. Dude, nice.

Do that tick. Okay. Let me...

That is awesome. And I think I replied with, send me that shirt. I want it.

Well, I said we could... Actually, the site is live right now. I bought the domain too.

What is it? MFMPod.shop. Okay.

Now, let me tell you something. I wasn't trying to be an asshole to you. I'm just an asshole to everyone who sends me those.

Well, that's why I'm helping Sean out with the Duke stuff. So I get... I don't know about you, Sean.

I bet he does even more so. I get like five or 10 of those a week of someone saying, I wanted to buy merch. So we just like made a store for you.

And I just... I politely tell them to fuck off. And I think that's what I said to you, right?

Yeah. I forwarded that to Mark as well. That's why I didn't want to come on the pod.

No, I'm just kidding. So now that we're friends, I'll treat you nicer. Yeah, you're crazy.

We should do swag. Okay. But let's go back to his business.

Let's go back to his business. Okay. So I really like a bunch of things about this business, but I have some questions.

Okay. So what do I like? I like that you're basically riding the wave of this regulatory change, the NIL change that just went into effect.

And that means all the businesses that need to serve that market of college athletes finally being able to monetize their name and likeness, which is what NIL is about, that all those businesses are being created last year, this year. And it sounds like you were early on that wave. A couple of quick questions.

Can you use the team logos like you did there? And so you don't need a special license for that. So that is a special license, but we go to the university and we basically pitch to them that we have an inclusive and holistic solution.

So every sport, every athlete, softball, baseball, rowing. Right. Good.

They grant us the IP and then we're able to build them a whole school platform. Right. And so, yeah, we're able to do what's called co-licensed merchandise, which is a very specific segment of licensing.

And we've got those at 15 schools. You're like, we've sold tens of women's lacrosse sweaters. Well, I'll be honest.

One of our biggest rev generators was women's softball at Virginia Tech. Wow. The girls just crushed it and they were in World Series and people are buying their stuff.

I mean, it's not just football and basketball. Amazing. What's a Learfield?

Someone was saying how Learfield owns 90% of the licensing rights. And if I know nothing about it other than three seconds on Wikipedia, if they own it, can you also get it? So Learfield, it owns collegiate licensing.

We get the license from them. So they are the license clearing house on behalf of the university. So when we go to Duke, for instance, we talk to Duke, pitch them.

They say, okay, go apply for your license. You go log on to Learfield, apply. Duke accepts it in the back end.

They're just the exchange that you use. And is it in, is Learfield incentivized to let you guys grow? Like, you know, at some point, do they see this as competitive to what they do?

Well, so, so there's different parts of Learfield. Learfield is a licensing arm for the university. So they're there to protect the IP of the university.

But when we have something that's a really unique segment, it's hard for the university to say no. So if I just wanted to sell like just Duke merch, Duke would be like, no, we've got hundreds of other people doing it. But the fact that we're in a very niche vertical, the universities are more inclined to create the best opportunities for their athletes.

It'd be silly for them to say no, because he'd be taking away opportunities for them. By the way, we have 500 people watching live. I think your startup has 140,000 of total interest, which is pretty dope.

People in the crowd. It doesn't suck. I'm 30.

You got that, that young 22 year old dog energy. There you go. I'm a dog.

There it is. I'm a dog. Thank you for proving my point.

All right. Does that have a hot dog on it? Dude, put those two shirts in a package and please send them to me.

I'll Venmo you. Those are awesome. He's like, I have a store.

Just go buy it. Why do we have to do this? Give me a coupon code.

Yeah. Give me that coupon. Sam 100.

What about, and I like you're doing this franchise model, right? So you're basically going to get like kind of passionate, cheap labor on the campuses. And you're going to have this set up on each campus where they do the design, the marketing.

Yeah. And we already have that up until NIL came about. That was our thematic approach.

We teach college students design and sales. So right now we have 150 students on 40 campuses. They're really big into the Greek system.

But now that we have the Greek system and sports, it makes it so much easier for our students across the country. So this is kind of a pivot or a little bit. It's just, it's just at, it's just opening our opportunity.

Cause before you couldn't do really sports. Now it's, you can do just about everything. When did you start this company and like how much money have you already raised?

So I bought out a little print shop right after graduating college. I had a Brian Scalabrini design go viral when I was in school. And so I had enough money to buy this little print shop out.

We've since scaled that. And so we just got Mark's investment for $250,000. Other than that, everything was bootstrapped from the ground up.

So this is the first time we're actually raising capital. So we still own most of the company. And we are cashflow positive.

We should be profitable this year. There is like a first movers. Like we got to land grab all these schools pretty quick.

Okay. You got to stop. Sam's getting too excited.

This is a video at a family show. We can't, we can't cross the line here. So you're saying all the right words.

Yeah. I mean, I love you. I think I love you.

I, I made it. My wife is definitely a no, I'm, I'm, I'm totally interested. I think you've got a lot of charisma.

You got a lot of charm. You're you're all the story about buying a small print shop and then getting Mark Cuban via cold email. I know that it looks like you have light bank on board.

They seem like sharks. I don't know much about them, but they seem like if you got. I mean, that's Groupon.

Yeah. Yeah. So you, you, you have a very interesting energy about you.

I'm definitely interested in learning more. They're telling us it's time. I got one last question for you, which is these ideas sound fun.

And I often run away from fun ideas because you know, a bunch of people go try to do it. Maybe the opportunity is not that big. Cause it's, it's fun and sexy.

Um, the, the big like YouTuber merch backend stores, like fan joy and some of these other ones, like they pretty much all suck. Right? None of them got huge.

What's the difference here? Okay. So it's not big, but that's different.

So you have to think about like why we're defensible is because we're, we're essentially enabling our athletes to do the marketing for us. Right? And so if you have 300 athletes at the university of Indiana, all pushing this store every year, the school's going to be adding more athletes.

And then they're going to be pushing those into our big funnel. So like at the university of Illinois, we're sitting on 20,000 align. We're going to be doing 20,000 emails.

And now we can step up to fanatics and start competing with them because all of our customer acquisition is rooted in the kids that are actually playing. Does that make sense? Yeah.

Okay. So spring. So T spring is a, the platform actually Walker is one of my good friends.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

there's a small circle of us that are raising money in the tech space and apparel. We all talk to each other. So a lot of this is calling on a lot of each other's APIs and using a lot of the tech that's- So you print through them?

What? You print through them? No, we could print through.

We have our own facility, but that doesn't scale. And so our CTO actually came from a company called Printavo. Shout out Bruce Ackerman.

He got acquired recently. And so we can connect to thousands of print shops across the country. And so we have the ability to connect the same way Teespring does, customing, all the bigger guys.

Right. Where do you live? You live in Chicago?

Chicago. Nice, dude. You want to hang?

Sam's coming over. Yeah. Okay.

All right. You're talking dirty to me. Midwestern guy doing all that stuff.

I'm very interested. Sweet. Thanks, Steven.

Great job. Talk soon. Thanks.

I like him, man. That guy had some charisma. I think the business is more than mildly interesting.

Yeah. Yeah. He's a good entrepreneur.

You could tell that he has a bunch of the little green flags that you would have to be a good entrepreneur he's got. And I think he's got a really interesting opportunity here because of the NIL change. And that answers the big why now question.

Why? Okay. The idea of printed T-shirt swag is the oldest solution in the book, but there's a new problem.

And the new problem is that all of a sudden athletes can do this. They never could, but they don't know where to start and they're not going to want to do all this infrastructure. So being the company that partners with them, that's, I think it's really strong.

These econ plays can be freaking tough, man. Walker Williams, who, who, who, who, who, the hard part of here is upside, right? Like is this, is this a billion dollar company?

Is this a hundred, is this a 10 billion dollar company? There's basically no way this is a 10 billion dollar company. Unlikely it's even a billion dollar company.

So that's the hard part. He's going to raise on like tech valuation terms. Right?

Well, 10 million cap right now. Yeah. But what is his revenue?

Uh, I don't know yet. He didn't, he didn't say, uh, he said seven, he said 7 million this year. I think he said, I mean, it's an e-com 7 million is like not very much.

Right. So, but this is none, 4 million last year. He said, uh, this is the, it crosses the threshold.

Uh, so 4 million last year, 7 million this year, it crosses the threshold of being interesting enough to not say no, at least for me. Yeah. The one thing I would want to be figuring out here is okay, cool.

You're going to raise this money at 10. Um, are you going to raise money again? And as you're, do you look at, does he think about this mentally?

Like, oh, I'm a tech founder. I'm going to raise my seed, my series A, my series B, my series C. If so, I'd have to get off the train.

But if he's basically like, hey, I'm, I'm going to fund this and value this based on the category that I'm in. Um, which is, you know, let's say in this case, e-commerce, I think our tech enabled e-commerce, I think that they would be a, um, a better conversation there. So that, I think that's my only concern is how big is the, is the prize.

I like, I like everything he's doing, but that part's not in his control. Yeah. Well, I felt bad for being rude to him.

So I'll, uh, I'll, I'll look at it. This data is wrong every freaking time. Have you heard of HubSpot?

HubSpot is a CRM platform where everything is fully integrated. Whoa. I can see the client's whole history, calls, support tickets, emails, and here's a task from three days ago.

I totally missed. HubSpot grow better. Um, all right, next Tara shroom, Jared from Tara shroom.

What's up guys. How are we doing? What's up?

I take it away. All right. Sam and Sean, why do people listen to my first million podcasts?

Well, it's because they want to make more money. Coincidentally, Tim Ferriss says of all the billionaires I personally know almost without exception use mushrooms on a regular basis. So if you want to step up the podcast to my first billion, you might be interested in what we're building.

So Tara shroom is really straightforward. It's a patent pending mushroom grow chamber that is intelligent and automated. And so that way anyone can grow mushrooms at home effortlessly.

And the problem is, is while a lot of people want to grow mushrooms at home, growing mushrooms, it's complicated and it's an eyesore. And I've been growing mushrooms for nearly six years now. So I'm speaking from my own personal experience, but mushrooms, they're becoming a wildly popular and the space is blowing up with billions that are spent on mushrooms annually.

So let's transition a bit and let's talk about product market fit where we're at. So past about two months, we spent about $4,500 in Facebook ads, and this has resulted in nearly $65,000 worth of pre-orders and how our business model is set up. We have subscription revenue, basically gross supplies that we send every single month.

When you factor this in, we're looking at over a hundred thousand dollars when you factor in this subscription LTV. And this is the team that's making it all possible. So a team is stacked with deep technical, operational, and sales experience.

We have multiple exits and IPOs under our belt. And one of you might even recognize is an old friend of yours, Sam, as well as former guest on this podcast, Justin Mares. So what we're looking for is a $500,000 at a 3.25 post money valuation.

This is going to help cover all manufacturing costs, get us slated for a Q4 launch and ultimately shipping out in Q1 of next year. So guys, if you want to be a part of building a product that's helping people become happier, healthier, and maybe even produce a few more billionaires, then we'd love your help to make this happen. Thank you.

Justin Mares- Dude, that Tim Ferriss quote, ambitious. That's a very rich quote. Is that real?

He said every single one of his billionaire friends takes mushrooms? Sam A derivative of mushrooms, we can say, but yes. Justin Mares- Interesting.

Well, good pitch. It looks good. Justin Mares- So explain what it is.

It's a homebrew kit for growing shrooms? Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam And so we just have a really, really cheap way to basically super cheap customer acquisition costs, get people in the ecosystem. Then ultimately down the line, we can almost go down to like telehealth and a lot of like, we're basically, we're not selling atoms, we're ultimately selling like ones and zeros or bits and bytes.

So let me pause you. So you said Back to the Roots does a hundred million dollars and you're like, that's a comparable, but I go to Back to the Roots and it's like, you know, moms and their kids and they're growing plants at home is what it looks like. It's not like, you know, high achievers taking mushrooms to be happy because the money didn't make them happy.

Yeah. Cool moms. Yeah.

It seems like a totally different thing. So let me talk a little bit about distinction. You can grow any type of mushrooms in this gourmet, medicinal, other varieties as well.

This is not limited to the type that you're thinking of as well as you can even grow microgreens. I mean, this is ultimately a containerized grow environment that gives you full control over all environmental settings. So there's a lot that can happen in this.

And that's the exciting part is we have an IOT device that's connected in the home. You guys know what's happened with SodaStream, Traeger grills, doing hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue. Exact same thing.

And this is exactly where we're skating to where the puck is. And so why do you pitch it like it's the like psychedelics thing versus, hey, we're SodaStream for growing like, you know, veggies or whatever the hell like microgreens or whatever. There's there's a couple there's a couple of people in the whole space right now when it comes to, you know, like hydroponic growth solutions for like lettuce.

And I think, you know, the truth is, is like what we're just seeing is the green rush happened a couple of years ago, about a decade ago in California. We're seeing the exact same thing happen in mushroom space. And that is where there's going to be billions and billions of dollars to be made.

So you can sell I know nothing about mushrooms. You can sell that stuff. So here's the thing.

What we are selling, just to be clear, what we are selling is just the grow chamber. We're just selling hardware and we'll say basically sell some raw ingredients you can buy from the store or what what have you. And we will also sell basically the grow supplies.

If you want to do gourmet varieties. Fun fact, it's not something that most people don't know. You can grow.

You can order any type of mushroom spore varieties. If you catch my drift, because they do not contain the psychoactive ingredient in 47 of the 50 U.S. states.

This is a legal loophole. I've been growing them for about six years, all different types. So it's something that not many people know, but it's becoming very well established.

Are you on shrooms right now? Okay. This is an answer.

You can do it. No, he's got his wits about them. All right.

Okay. So you're, so you're doing this and you think that also like you're growing through paid ads and through paid ads, you're like, okay, we're not going to get, um, you know, blocked by Facebook for basically saying, you know, grow your own weed at home. Like, you know, that's what, it wouldn't allow that, but you're going to basically be able to, to show this terranium, you know, this home, you know, a little tray that you're going to be able to buy.

Yeah. yeah so actually you know it's funny uh talking justin mirrors we're doing a huge pivot away from actually the whole like anything psychedelic so it's actually just very much like generic so uh taking it very much more down a pc route to basically just grab a much wider audience wow um oh okay so so you have some interest here you have 40k of interest but you've you're raising 605 000 is that right uh no sorry am i reading this wrong he's raising 250k 250k at a 3.3 million cap 605 is like in this whole session how many people have been interested in funding things he's got how and how is this business and what's going to happen like where what do you think the exit is yeah a great question um so honestly i've just been working on this uh for the past few months uh everything from the cad modeling design you know literally everything you've seen uh done myself so basically we're getting ready for uh getting some engineering validation testing and then ultimately exit strategy is i mean extremely profitable um you know acquisitions i mean it's just like the truth is it's like we like to make money that's why you know we're on this podcast right but um there's a lot of different ways to give us a unit economics real quick you can make them you can make the device for what it should like basically the cogs plus the shipping is what and what do you sell it for yeah perfect so uh what we're looking at right now is 49 and some change for uh manufacturing when you factor in cac when you factor in 3pl basically landed cost you're looking at about 128 uh msrp is 399 and then we have a 29 a month uh uh subscription uh so basically you're looking at total about 700 uh for the customer ltv based off of like about a 30 some dollar cat all right okay that's time thank you dude thanks jared dude it's crazy man valuations have changed he's raising at a 3.3 million dollar cap i was thinking about like the upside here um it got thing angel dusting got far more attractive in the last three months yeah these valuations were all extremely reasonable uh and i think they were all also very early stage so these are like pre-seed type of investments which is great because you know that's where a lot of money can be made um yeah my wife's definitely out on this one my wife who has never said a curse word never drank a drop of alcohol i don't think she's uh i don't think she's a believer that uh would you ever do shrooms um i don't know probably not i don't i don't know i've been trying to tell my wife to do it this year i'm like hey before we have kids you should try lsd or mushrooms or something that'd be awesome i'm not gonna do it yeah you're like you should i'm not gonna do it like like the other day we were talking about this relationship book and like like to make our relationship better i'm like hey can you read this for us that's the problem i think you just identified the problem yeah that's how i feel about mushrooms like hey can you do this for us it's supposed to like change change people's lives and make them feel better and happier can you do it for both of us um yeah this is i i would say i'm mildly interested in this as well i need to learn more i don't know i his answer of is this illegal to sell is still a little no he's saying it's legal he's basically saying all we sell is hardware and then we sell raw ingredients and in 49 of the 50 whatever states yeah but he he used the phrase not legal he used to be if you catch my drift yeah you never you never want to use if you catch my drift and it's a legal loophole uh during your pitch because that just sort of says uh you know you're one inch away from this business collapsing yeah if you catch my drift yeah that's like that that's that that's really interesting to be more than two winks in your pitch about like you don't want to be like yeah you know what i mean yeah yeah so i i i need do uh i need to feel um i need to learn a little bit more i'm out but not for that reason i just uh hardware is hard so if i have the choice between investing in a hardware company a software company i'm sort of just leading towards software unless there's a real outlier and then on top of that um i don't really know this market i don't know how real the shrooms trend is if it's just like a la sf new york type of trend uh for this type of thing i don't know how big no way i i think it's bigger i i think it's i i read a couple books about it enough people that are gonna buy a four million a four hundred dollar uh like you know nest looking you know clean device versus just like you know pay diego across the street for like you know twenty dollars for some shrooms like i i of course more people take shrooms but how many people are gonna do this like yeah it's a good like sexy homebrew situation you ever grew dude i grew weed in high school in a closet did you ever do that you can't say i did well we used to like go to home depot and have to like buy the bulbs and stuff and like put a lock in the closet so your mom doesn't come into it these things like this plus amazon it's like the it's like the easiest thing ever like to to grow drugs i love it yeah all right we'll go to the next pitch uh so i think in that case i was out you were a maybe is that right i'm a maybe okay cool let's do the next one morgan from deal builder hey guys what's going on all right so um yeah my name is morgan i'm the co-founder of deal builder so sean and sam have you guys heard of the baby boomer tsunami it's a bit of a ridiculous name but it's the 10 trillion dollars of baby boomer owned businesses that are going to need to sell by 2030 the unfortunate reality is that a majority of them will fail to sell and the reason why is because the current marketplace is confusing it's super expensive and it's really inefficient how do we know this well over the past decade my co-founders and i have sold over 250 businesses and have really mastered how to sell small businesses and what we found is that we've developed a proven system for successfully selling businesses and we found the solution was to build a tech platform so we could rapidly scale and make the process more efficient and transparent and that's what we built deal builder an online marketplace to buy and sell businesses so what unlike uh typical listing sites deal builder makes uh the process guided through end to end which makes deals close faster and for a fraction of the cost we make money by taking up to a three percent platform fee of the transaction so our early traction so far we've closed four and a half million dollars worth of gmv on the platform uh we have another eight and a half million under offer and we launched the platform at the tail end of 2021 uh and currently that's been a year-to-date revenue about 80 000 we have another 65 million that's listed on the platform right now and we're projected to hit a billion of gmv listed on the platform by the end of 2023 that represents another uh at our current 65 million listed about 600 000 on the platform and to put in the context that 80 000 of year-to-date revenue we're doing we did 24 and a half in august and we anticipate that a similar amount in september as well so we're just getting started as those deals are starting to land our lead investor is friend of the pod andrew wilkinson from tiny we've secured 450 000 of canadian dollars in funding and we're looking to raise another 250 000 to scale this and take on this chilling dollar uh problem and we wanted to have that chilling there grind set mindset from you guys on the cap table as well what's the conversion of 450 000 canadian dollars to real money oh it's like you guys are paying like 20 20 or 30 bucks i think yeah yeah yeah i was just i couldn't figure it out like what monopoly money to usd is yeah no i think that in actuality i think that's probably like 150 i think or maybe a little bit more uh us something like that really okay dude this is awesome your site is great i think your branding is really is really slick and cool it's not you know micro acquire i think maybe it's because andrew is just being controversial on twitter i don't think that he's uh uh appealing to maybe all the right people i i think that what you're doing is incredibly intriguing it's this is very interesting why haven't you raised from for more people this seems like a pretty big opportunity and you only listed andrew he's great but that's just one person yeah so we started out bootstrapped like we actually just built this for ourselves for the first little while and then we kind of just saw we pivoted the business model at first it was just like uh all right small businesses that weren't a good fit for our brokerage you go and use this and pay like a nominal fee and then we're like wait this works with bigger deals and why not just expand this and that's when we decided to raise uh so that's we're kind of seeing that blue ocean right now and kind of going after it have you talked to all of our nerdy friends like well you're talking to me and sean have you talked to cody have you talked to nick huber have you talked to all of our buddies who are all like these influencers around this stuff not nick huber i've exchanged the ends of cody but i haven't finalized something but i also talked to xavier uh recently as well who's really in this space and everybody's like yeah this is absolutely needed because well like amongst our little like circle jerk group of friends you talk about buying boring businesses i think you have you'd have a nice little influencer uh at least not like not a game changing but maybe a little game changing but anyway uh i would probably invest a little bit i would like to learn more and do some due diligence but this is really really cool yeah when um uh how big is by biz sell yeah so uh biz buy sell or whatever way you want to do it is so it's owned by costar and costar owns loopnet and they're a public company i think they did 2.1 billion of revenue but they're just listing they don't take any transactional fees so our difference with biz buy sell is that they i think businesses for sales another competitor they do a hundred and they had 160 000 listings in 2019 but they don't they probably do you know 5 million revenue because they don't take any piece of the transaction so the their value capture is so low to what they actually could be delivering on but they're just a listing site so they only just send buyer leads they don't actually help guide through the acquisition sean why'd you ask about that versus um like fe international because uh it seems like that's the closest comp right biz myself for the types of businesses you're selling like when i go to your site i see like chocolate shop it services company so like micro requires trying to do sas yeah specifically and um fe international is doing you know larger deals that are using basically like a kind of like a private banker um whereas it looks like this is kind of like how the smbs are going to trade hands is what you're trying to do is that is that accurate yeah an fe international could be a client of ours so we have a brokerage like a white label side so our brokerage now runs all of our deals through deal builder and pays a small percentage of every completed deal and we do their whole back office for them so they don't have so with brokers your cash flow is like this because it's in between each commission so now they're only paying when deals actually come through so brokers have just kind of like flooded to it and asked to be on the platform which is really cool i think more than anything i'm invest i'm i'm interested in them i mean i think your brand is cool you seem nice and great and competent i think that i'm interested in the macro trend yeah you're handsome like a baby golf yeah like a little ivan drago i think that um i think that uh this macro trend is really cool and i would like to take a part of that so how do you get the crank going so how are you going to get a bunch of buyers and sellers onto this platform like what what does that take uh i'm sure it's a bunch of brute force at the beginning but what you're doing to make that happen yeah so uh the sell side's harder than the buy side buyers are everywhere like everyone thinks buyers are the problem but it's super easy to find them and it's free to sign up so really low friction um feel free to sign up watchers and so on the seller side we've really grown by referrals so accountants other brokers so brokers refer deals to the platform as well and then just awareness like people don't know that these solutions exist so it's actually really nice from a marketing perspective you just say hey you can sell your business on our platform they're like great i had no idea i thought my business wasn't worth anything so it's really just getting awareness and getting into the right centers of influence and i think like you're talking about with some of those influencers i think can make a really big difference and your revenue this year is going to be a couple hundred thousand is that right yeah likely it's a little bit hard to predict when when the timing of deals will close but in our pipeline of 600 000 right now i know a couple hundred thousand of that will close for sure and just in the quality of the businesses um and we've already done 80 80 to yeah 80 000 this year already how have you paid the bills on your team it looks like on your website it looks like you got a bunch of people listed uh yeah well the three co-founders i'm the active operating co-founder the other two co- founders uh are really kind of advisor and investor roles so they were and help out with some of the with the actual um kind of like breaking down the brokerage process and then so there's two developers myself and a marketing person one of them is on um mat leave right now but uh yeah so it's like there's like four of us right now that are on payroll sick well thank you this is awesome i'm i'd like to learn more yeah same all right thanks morgan good job um sean the thing he said at the end little little funky little funky about what the team not being the team yeah the team not being the team that's it that that freaks me out a little bit because in a couple years when things start working out well if i'm that kid i'm gonna say well what the hell man you're not even working here why do you deserve this equity and uh you know like there's anger and we don't know that they have equity uh we don't know how much they're listed as a co-founder yeah but that might just be like it seems like so if you go to their website there's this like stock photos of like you know happy people holding you know coffees and like clipboards and like um you know it seems like maybe he just buffed up the team to be like look our team has tons of experience uh yeah no big deal so if it's a website marketing thing okay that's fine uh but if it's actually on the cap table or it's in the deck and then you're in the deck because here's our awesome team with tons of experience oh i'm the only one who actively works on this that's what i'm like okay hold on how many other things in this deck do i need to question so i think that's a little bit of a you know yeah that's all i'm saying i don't think it's a red flag i'm just saying i would want to dig in just a little bit more on that right but that guy just raised 250 000 it said it said he was raising 250 and he had 250 of interest so good for him i'm we have crossed a million dollars of total interest for this session so um i'm gonna say that um when you talk about moving moving weight when you talk about bringing size when you talk about really hitting the hammer about that hitting when you talk about those things when you talk about those things you're talking about us all right let's go to the last pitch it is tim from field complete all right tim hey guys um field complete is a free app for your local plumber or electrician to run their business they live in our app and we become their bank over time we found a very unique wedge into this market as you know rentership in the us is on the rise over 35 of all homes are rented and it's growing it all started back in 08 when all the foreclosed homes or most of them were bought out by wall street and rented pair that with like the short-term rental airbnb craze and millennials not being able to or wanting to own heck now even like vcs are buying real estate portfolios right through adam newman uh so all these homes need to be professionally maintained by property managers and property managers use contractors and subcontractors uh to maintain them and so the problem is that traditionally contractors would either focus on the residential sector with homeowners or the commercial jobs and with property managers entering the single-family rental scene uh as a contractor you're basically either forced to bootstrap your operation or seven different apps to run your business or your resort to pen and paper which is basically 80 percent of contractors today and actually my co-founder experienced this problem firsthand when he transitioned his construction company he tried the seven seven different app route and ended up building his own and only after the subs and the property manager started asking like hey what software are you using we realized how huge this problem is so in a nutshell feel complete is a free software for your local home service contractor to run their business and over time we essentially become their point of sale their bank their credit card think of it like a shopify for the home service contractor as far as traction goes we raised a small pre-seed to rebuild the app we launched at the beginning of this year have over 200 contractors on the platform serviced over 19 000 homes over 5 million in gmv this year on track to do 10 million we're only currently monetizing the actual revenue on the merchant services so anytime a credit card is swiped uh and there we're on track to do a little over 100k this year we're raising a 2.5 million seed to integrate banking into the solution at job sharing which basically gives us more users pilot with a property manager and integration and hire some support reps and this note we know this model works well because ever since we've removed the sauce fees we've been getting about three to four companies signing up organically every day so i'll open it up for questions tim you and i have interacted a bunch online haven't we yes we did i know you're uh i know your face um but we've never hung out have we not yet well what's what's going on nice to meet you this is a cool congratulations when was the the first raise that you did yeah so the first raise uh was um a year and a half ago about almost two years tim why no deck um we went with the no deck the decks attached to the the the thing of distraction okay uh all right sounds good are you running out of money now uh no we we have enough we have more than like seven months of runway and this round is coming together so we have a lead for this round uh it's we're basically most likely going to close it in the next month or two here um so we have a lead all the investors from pre-seed basically exercise their parada into the round and we have some new investors coming in and how much is how many people will work there and what's your spend each month roughly yeah so uh total theme size is 18 right now um we uh burn about 60 to 70 km a month today in netburn yeah and you're raising how much uh we're doing uh we're raising 2.5 um we can potentially oversubscribe it but we think that's enough money for us to get to like the next stage and last question on that what's the next stage yeah so next stage is uh basically this money will get us to either default alive or raise a bigger growth round um like the we're on track so right now uh the the companies are signing up organically through subcontracting and so the user base is growing uh on its own we literally only have two support reps on the team right now uh and that's like uh so uh we found this wedge where through property managers they they work with multi-trade contractors and they sub jobs to each other on our platform and that and we get more and more users this way signing up um on their own and so therefore our cac is not as high like we don't spend money on cac basically all the users that we currently have on the platform are organic uh so say that again so how many users do you currently have on the platform and uh over what period of time were they acquired yeah so for this year we've had about 500 contractors sign up um of those um basically 200 are uh active um and then this like some contractors are daily active weekly active monthly we're tracking all of that uh the daily active are the ones that live inside our software uh the weekly and monthly are the ones that would basically use the app um like to receive work and perform work from the contractor so they're just using it to basically receive a job and do it uh with the new feature that i was talking about the job sharing that we're going to release they're going to get a full field complete account as well and they'll be able to use it for all the third-party work and right now you're keeping one percent of the money that goes through you guys yeah so merchant services were like when we were raising our pre-seed we're thinking it's gonna be up to one percent we're doing like in the deck it says 1.07 the actual is 1.26 um right now but with the goal of 10 percent yeah so um yes the answer is yes and the way we get there is um we're gonna release the in like q1 the banking solution that's gonna average out to about two percent there's other fintech offerings we can layer on top basically like settling invoices earlier kind of the way deal does it and other fintech offerings there and then from there we want to pilot with a property manager integrate with them and give them our book of contractors to dispatch work to and they will give their book of contractors back to us right uh and so let me ask you a question uh when you internally forget about the pitch when you look at the health of your business what is the number one kpi so what is the the main kpi for you yeah so we're measuring gmv across the board because that's what we can monetize we can add layers of monetization in terms of like marketplace fees so the gmv is your number one metric and gmv matters because that's what flows through your app directly yes so so you're saying gmv matters because i take one percent of gmv yes for today yes 1.26 percent um then and we without increasing the user base we can layer more offerings on top of that and increase the revenue as it scales what is the math come out this so you've basically the last year you've done like 70k of revenue something like that five 5.7 million of gmv and then you multiply that by 1.26 is that right yeah so uh for for this year right uh this past year we did we had about 5.7 gmv to date um we're at about 42 000 in revenue already uh we will be at the end of the year basically uh 100 over 100k so i personally i like the concept of what you're doing which is basically the you know the sort of workflow slash um you know how to run your business if you're a blue collar contractor here um i really like that concept uh but what i don't like about this pitch is i'm just confused as to like how big your business is i feel like you threw a bunch of numbers you're like oh we service 19 000 homes 5.7 million in gmv these sound really big but what's the reality the reality is you have 200 active users and you made 40 000 in revenue this year right that's the reality of the situation and i feel like that was so buried in this that i'm like for me personally that's too much work to get to an understanding of your business which tells me that the under that the business if the business itself was super compelling you would have just led with the more clear easy to understand metrics that are like not like we serve 19 000 homes which is a total of 43 000 people because four people live in the home it's like oh dude like i don't know well i don't know what these numbers are but they're irrelevant to what your actual business is is is your growth keeping you up at night right now what's keeping you up at keeping you up at night where you think like things aren't going well which everyone at all stages so i'm not saying it for you but just like you're not saying you have this only everyone has this so what what are you saying that about yeah so so growth has actually been very good because we're getting organic users we're not paying anything for these users the pie is growing on its own how can you say that you have 200 active users how can you say growth is very good like i don't yeah so the reason why it's good is because we spend basically no money acquiring them right so we're getting that's what i'm saying i have you know i have i have so many friends i have three friends but i don't go out so it's no problem you know it's like well my muscles are really good for not working out yeah exactly i can do two reps but i never work out it's like well the point was to have really strong muscles the point for you is to have a lot of customers you maybe you should be spending to get more customers right yeah so where we're at now is like um we're onboarding customers like i said that that are coming in and then as far in terms of revenue it trickles in a bit later when it's a fintech solution right so that that's uh that might be a concern for an investor but our investors are aligned with us we like if we were to turn on sauce fees today right we'd make up like i around four to five hundred thousand dollars uh in arr but we're purposefully keeping them low so when they subcontract there's no barrier to entry and then we monetize the financial layer and so because of that it's basically we're prioritizing growth over immediate revenue right at this moment um and so that's our strategy again and our investors are aligned with it i would argue so you're basically saying we're not charging because we don't want to have a barrier to entry yeah any business that doesn't charge is going to get that benefit but then you should see awesome growth right uh and so that's that's that would be the counter argument the counter argument would be okay you you've sacrificed 400 500 000 in revenue like you're saying and what have you gotten in return is some you know 200 active 500 total registered users if you had just spent just charged and actually had 400 000 in revenue you could go if you spent that money on advertising you could probably have you know 10 times more users so uh i don't know i guess for me uh those parts don't add up personally because i um and i'm saying this too just because you know on the show there's a lot of people listening so they want to hear the full thought process which is um i think in general you want to have a capital efficient business it seems like you might have spent uh you've raised 1.6 million to date is that correct yeah so in this round already and yeah or like okay in the life of the company how much money has been like burned total yeah total burn is uh like we've burned about 1.8 to date right so what i would say is okay if i knew nothing as much a business i would say here's a business that has burned 1.8 million dollars to achieve 200 customers and 50 000 of revenue this year that's the harsh truth about like the business now that doesn't mean you don't invest there might be tons of other reasons why that that burn was on infrastructure building product building a brand whatever there are other reasons but like just sort of objectively speaking that would be my main issue and i give you that feedback because maybe you can look at your model slightly if if others share that point of view maybe they don't maybe they do but if others share that point of view then you could say all right um the feedback from the investor market is that i would i need to either have an impressive user number or an impressive revenue number um you know and and maybe i should double down on one of those areas and do things slightly differently the stocks guys are saying we gotta end this this particular presentation tim we appreciate you a lot um coming on this is awesome thank you yeah sam sean thanks thanks thanks sorry if i was too harsh buddy dude um i hate doing this because i agree with everything you say i hate i don't want to rip on someone but here's the here's the thing i think the business could be great i think maybe there's a chance that he just kind of missed the pitch a little bit but yeah that could totally be the case and or we misunderstood right because without a deck you're trying to follow it while you're trying to read the chat while you're trying to look for the company's metrics and you go to their website so it's very easy to miss things during that process so that might be on us um and the other part of it is um some information the the lead was buried when the lead is buried i get i get us a spidey thing goes off where i'm like i'm nervous what am i nervous about here now that doesn't mean that it's always the case or that he meant to do that but he could have just been nervous or something because there are a lot of people watching but there's something the pitch the pitch was missed and i feel like you know on one hand i'm like you what you said which is like dude i hate kind of saying uh you know something not positive to an entrepreneur because i know how hard it is to be an entrepreneur and be a founder i don't mind doing it when it's just me and them yeah especially in this in this format uh but you know if you sign up to do this if we us signing up to do this publicly and a founder signing up to this publicly that's the point right the point of this is it's you're putting yourself out there there's a risk and reward with that um i think you have to know that going in but but i think that you know the best thing that can happen is if you um i don't know if i'm right but if i was it would be short it would be a little pain today for a lot more you know benefit down the road right hard today easy later if we just keep it easy now and say oh this looks really interesting we'd love to chat more and just balance i mean you never know what what why we might not want it you you you nailed it which was answer the question why it's it was 1.5 million or 8 1.8 million for 200 customers and 80 000 or 160 000 whatever it was in revenue um there is a good answer or there could be a good answer to that which is like dude we're building software just it takes forever but once these guys get on us they like are hooked forever and they tell their friends and like here's what here's how we grow and here's how the math looks like i just think that he kind of didn't present that wonderfully even if the truth is good right right right um okay so i don't know are we doing anything else here no that's the last pitch uh thank you to everybody who showed up that was that was great i think there was at least two companies in there that i know i would i'm gonna follow up with which ones um campus inc i thought was really interesting and the pill pack one uh was really good too i think those are my my top two what about for you i think i like campus inc and i like the business what was the uh oh oh deal builder deal builder also is a good one and all of the valuations are fantastic deal builders at four million deal builders interesting well this last one was at 21 million that's why i asked him when he last raised was he raised 18 or 24 months ago when uh when things were hot and uh yeah and if your valuation is 21 million the bar is higher on what you need to deliver right the pill pack guy's like ah we got 2000 you know he said like we've made 1500 in revenue or something like that but he launched two months ago and um he's raising at like a three or four million dollar cap right so yeah like the the don't push as hard on that like when i think about what i'm doing with my personal money right now i'm like man like i think some of these tech stocks like or just the just the total index is just a little like underpriced at the moment and i think like there's gonna be some upside and then i look at like a 20 million dollar company and i'm like okay this is still super high risky and it needs to have a fairly good outcome to make the risk worth it for me whereas a four million dollar deal with just one guy working on it you know it's like you know yeah that could actually survive a little bit maybe higher likelihood it could survive in it and the return could be great so down in a way that's where i am this is uh i love that the chat here these people are such like there's so many funny people and like interesting smart people yeah the chat makes it a lot of fun uh like henry just now just goes he's like this uh this this uh this pitch was wld whole lot of dogs dude i love this man these guys are great so i uh i almost kind of want to have i can do a pod every once in a while we have a live chat this is actually quite good yeah maybe we should uh and thanks for coming out if people like this donk thing this is the second time we've done this live pitch if it's cool we'll do it again dude these guys stocks like i'm biased here but i'm impressed every time i go on their platform it is cool isn't it yeah it's pretty sweet so that's not such a pitch sorry but it's really cool we're at 1.3 million of total interest was expressed so they really did help these companies raise money um pretty dope 500 people were here kind of hanging out and uh all right that's it we're out of here you