He just punched this kid one time, but he hurt him pretty bad. Yeah, let me pull up my notes. So his name is Michael Loeb.

Have you heard of him? I had not. Okay, so Michael Loeb in the 90s, I'm pulling up my notes.

He started this thing called Synapse Group. And basically what they did was, this was before a lot of things were popular on the internet. And so they patented, I don't know how they did this.

There must have been something unique about it, but they patented the online subscription model. I don't, yeah, I don't know like how that, there's some really nitty gritty things that are a little bit beyond what I'm able to understand. But hold on, they made money off that patent or they just patented it but everybody does it?

Well, so they just created a unique way to do it. And I think, I don't know exactly how it worked, but basically Time Magazine, Meredith, which is a huge magazine publisher, all these magazine publishers would pay them money to get them more subscriptions because this way in which they were able to get people to renew subscriptions must have been fantastic and it worked really well. I don't understand how it worked then.

Basically what it seems now is like a really robust affiliate network. So like Meredith will cross sell, Meredith, which is a $3 billion company based out of Minnesota, I believe, bought the company Synapse for a lot of money and they deployed it across all their brands. So it's kind of, it's, it was hard for me.

He made it big through the Synapse group, which was a magazine subscription thing. Yeah, it definitely made him wealthy. He didn't make him a billionaire, but it made him, he definitely got wealthy.

What made him really wealthy was with his co-founder of Synapse, he went and started Priceline. And Priceline eventually, I think, are they, are they owned by Expedia or are they the own thing? I'm not sure.

So Priceline owner, let's just check it out. Booking, booking, booking. Booking.

So now it's just a huge, you know, huge thing. So that, that made them very wealthy. But what's interesting is after that, he started like the, what you used to be part of, just like a, a, a rich entrepreneur's playground where they just launched companies.

Right. And it's called lobe and lobe.nyc. And they've started a whole bunch of companies, including a company called, I believe it's called Scrip Relief.

Do you know what that is? No. So what you do is you go to it.

They started companies like, or they used to, they used to own Scrip Relief and then they renamed it to something else. But basically what you do is you go to the website and you can get discounts off of your pharmaceutical drugs. And so like, if you want to buy, if you have Xanax or some type of acne medicine or something like that, somehow they, they get, they get access to these deals and you use that coupon code at CVS and you get a discount and Scrip Relief is paid for sending CVS businesses.

Dude, they made that business. We talked about on the podcast called Thanks, the B2B gifting thing. It looks like it's in their incubator.

So they own a bunch of stuff and he owns a lot of them. And a business like Scrip Relief was making something like a hundred million dollars a year in profit. And so some of his companies are really big.

Now here's another reason why he's interesting. Do you ever watch that TV show Billions? Yep.

Love it. You know, the house that Bobby Axelrod bought. Okay.

Yes. That's his house. That's Michael Loeb's house.

Oh, wow. Okay. And last year or two years ago, Michael Loeb had a big party, like a fundraiser, like a sophisticated thing.

And his son brought some friends along and some of the 18 year old friends got drunk and started pissing on the front lawn and just looking like a fool. And so Loeb punched one of the kids in the nose and broke his nose and might go to jail for it. He, he, he just punched this kid one time, but he hurt him pretty bad.

He's going to go to jail for just that. They're, they're trying to get him to go to jail for that. I mean, that's assault.

If you, if you hurt someone, you can definitely, if you weren't a billionaire, you definitely could go to jail for that. I, I, they're trying to get him to go to jail. I have a feeling he's just going to write a fat check.

I mean, yeah. The kid was, it's probably just a rich snobby. So where'd you see the scripts thing?

It's not even on their website. I talked to people who work there. Ah, Sam doing his thing.

Investigated journalist, Sam. I like it. I just talked to people who work there.

So if you Google and let's see, Michael Loeb, uh, uh, Google Michael Loeb script relief. It's, it's on his LinkedIn. Yeah.

I see it now. Um, it's renamed something else. So do you say what it's renamed to?

I'm checking, but you know, logging into LinkedIn is like, you know, taking the first 10 steps into hell. So, uh, I'm going to try this now. Uh, script relief was recently sold to United healthcare.

Over 5 million users. Yeah. So it was sold to someone else and now it's called something else.

Um, but he just has like a web of companies and it's just super interesting because, uh. Dude, this is going to sound weird. When you look at this guy, do you, do you think this guy looks like a billionaire?

Does this guy look like a successful guy? No, that's why he doesn't even me. He looks like a guy who would punch a kid in the face.

Yeah. He looks like a guy who's like bitter about his life and punched a kid in the face for that reason, not punch a kid in the face because he's a billionaire and the kid pissed in his pool. No, he looks like he would be punching kids in the face regardless of what his financial status was.

That's why he's interesting to me. So I have such a mugshot. Google his name and look at his mugshot.

Like he looks like, he looks like, uh, he looks like a tough guy. Yeah, he looks, yeah, he looks like a tough guy. He looks like an enforcer that a billionaire would have.

He, he's a billionaire, but he looks like a billionaire's enforcer. Yeah. That's why I think this person is interesting because.

Oh dang, they have a picture of the kid who he punched in the face. Yeah. He fucked him up.

He fucked him up. He broke his nose. Oh man.

I did not expect to just see those two side by side. That's, you know, this is quality. This is quality Google image searching.

It's good, right? And look at that kid. He definitely has a punchable face.

Yeah. Well, the kid looks like he did something. He's even, he's like kind of smug in the picture.

He's got a broken nose. He's in the hospital. His shirt's covered in blood.

He's got a little smirk on him. Yeah. Super interesting person, right?

Yeah. So, okay. I like this guy.

I never even heard of this guy. I feel like, you know, a bunch of these guys that are like the, uh, either media titans or like these other, like New York, you know, New York rich people. I only know like San Francisco or like Dubai rich people.

I know them because I spend time on Wikipedia because my way of building businesses is I like to see what has worked. And then I, I reverse engineer how it worked. And I, I'm like, all right, I'm going to deploy that on my company.

Right. And when I'm reverse engineering things, I'll like read about the company. Right.

And I'll see who started it. And I'm like, oh wait, that guy started it. Oh, but he was friends with this person and they partnered previously.

I bet he had access to that's probably how. So like, I like under, so I just like reverse engineer things. Yeah.

I like that. And then you call people, which most people don't do. You get on the phone and you start calling people who work at the company and you get that extra 10% that you needed.

Right. Well, that stuff helps because I've made friends with someone who started his thing. So now if I want to meet him, I have it in.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right.

Right.