Give us like, you know, the minute version of who are you and then also what is permanent equity? Yeah. So, permanent equity is, we describe ourselves as a family of companies that buys family owned companies.

So technically we're a private equity firm now. We were just a small collection. It was my own capital.

And in the beginning I was an entrepreneur and then accidentally bought a business about 10 years ago. And that's what led into kind of what we do today. But we raised a...

You accidentally bought a business. Yeah. So I had a mutual acquaintance say, Hey, you should meet this guy.

He's in your, he's in your industry. And he just got left at the altar for the second time. And I took that to mean I should try to buy his business.

Cause why else would you tell me that? He had no idea. He was just trying to connect two people that were, you know, in the same, in the same field or similar fields.

So, uh, I don't know. I look about 24, 25. Now I looked about 13 or 14 then and, uh, sat across from this guy and told him I wanted to buy his business.

And, uh, he, uh, he laughed at me and said to two grown men, try to buy my business. Uh, how in the heck do you think you're going to do it? And I said, I don't know, I'll figure it out.

And we negotiated. And, uh, he told me, no, thank you. And, uh, then seven months later called me back up and said, uh, all right, let's move forward and get it done.

So what was your company before? So I, uh, uh, started a, uh, kind of collection of regional marketing companies. Uh, we had started in 2007, kind of really got going in 2008 and nine, uh, which were, as you all know, interesting times.

Uh, but, uh, it actually allowed us to grow. And, uh, we adopted some video technology that ended up becoming standard. We think we were probably the first people in the, uh, uh, in the world to use it for commercial purposes.

But, uh, What does this mean? What's regional marketing? You know, we were doing, look, we were doing like ad agency type work.

We were doing media buying. We were doing, um, um, digital work, um, you know, uh, trying to scrap and claw and sort of make a go of it. Um, you know, you're just an, you're, you're an agency just figuring it out.

Yeah. We were an agency. We had some unusual talents kind of under that agency because being in Missouri, we didn't have access to a lot of specialty groups.

So we started building out our own specialty groups. So we built that research. Um, we did some, uh, mobile and app development as well.

Um, and, uh, and then some film work. So those were kind of the three unusual buckets that you typically don't get into an agency. How big did it give us a sense of the like level of success?

I think a lot of people, one of the things we hear a lot is from the audience is like, they hate when we fast forward and someone's like, yeah, I did this thing. And then all of a sudden these amazing opportunities opened up and they sort of were like, wait, where were they before? And so give us the before picture.

How were you doing? How was that business doing financially? Did it, was it a big business, small business?

Yeah. Yeah. So we, um, so let's see here.

So, um, I'm trying to, it's been a bit a while since I've thought about the numbers. Um, so we grew to 26 employees. I think at the peak of that kind of before we were, um, so we were, look, we were doing fine.

I can make a living doing it. I make a good living doing it. It wasn't, uh, the agency business is hard.

It's really, really hard. And I think that's, uh, um, probably what I've learned in my career is I've made all the mistakes and I've tried and tested a lot of business models and sort of taste and try something and you're like, oh, didn't realize how hard that was going to be. And you sort of, you know, move around.

Um, and so, you know, I would say, you know, moderately successful regional marketing firm, um, nothing special. I mean, I would say, um, you know, when, um, um, yeah, when we bought the firm that we did called media cross, um, you know, we were kind of co-equals is how I described it kind of the marketplace. Um, they were much more focused on, uh, government contracts than we were.

We didn't have any government contracts. So I was really attracted about the acquisition and, um, being able to combine those, uh, organizations, uh, gave us a lot more, um, cashflow than, than having them separate, just based on cross selling different products that we had and being able to fulfill a lot more of the, um, a lot more of the, uh, gross profit through sort of the larger organization that they've been farming out some stuff. So that was, uh, that was kind of a nice combination.

Wait, so did you buy that first company under the umbrella of your, of your marketing business? Yeah, yeah, correct. Got it.

And so, so it wasn't its own entity. No, well, I mean, it wasn't, I mean, if you want to speak, technically it was his own density, but it was a hundred percent owned by me and a hundred percent of the other firm was owned by me. So, I mean, it's shared resources.

So you didn't have a co-founder or any outside investors or anything. Yeah. So I bought it with an SBA loan.

Um, thank God for the SBA. Um, and so, um, no, it was, it was just, uh, it was an SBA loan and, uh, rolled the dice. So, uh, paymentable money will be if