I had a Twitter bio for the last few months. I just changed it. I know I thought it was good.

10 million rev or something. I basically said every Twitter bio I ever saw was like the past. And I thought, OK, I see the value in that.

Like it's good for somebody to land and know what you're doing. But I thought what's more interesting is like, what are you trying to do now? I said, how could I plant my flag just in the top of my profile?

And it was very controversial. I think a lot of people felt I don't know. They don't tell me, but I'm assuming there are there are a bunch of people out there who probably read it and was like, this is kind of cringy or like, why is he saying this is weird?

And there's some people that would do it. What was it cringy? All you did was that I want to make a hundred or no, the business will do 10 million in revenue this year.

I said three things. I said four things. I said, I'm trying to be in a great mood daily.

I'm going to get into phenomenal shape for the first time in my life. I'm going to make $10 million by December and I'm going to. I remember what my last one was something else, but those are the three.

There's something about fitness, maybe the second one was fitness. Get in phenomenal shape for the first time that and something else. Maybe it was like, I don't know, blah, blah, blah, family, something to make me sound good.

After I said, I want 10 million bucks by December. Okay. So I put that out there and I got, I would say five really important messages from there of like really great connections that came out of it from people just being like, yo, like respect.

I respect you for putting that there. Uh, I might be able to help you with the fitness thing or I might be able to help you with. I see you have the mood thing.

What are you doing for that? I want to learn. I'm like, great.

I would love to teach it. Or 10 million bucks. How are you planning to do it?

How far along are you? Come on. I get an email from one guy.

He keeps saying, how far along are you? You're getting close. Your thing is inspiring me.

I set my goal to my goal is not 10 million. My goal is a hundred thousand, but I want to make a hundred thousand. And so like it attracts like-minded people.

Um, and I, and I, I don't even think that that was that good of one version of this. I think the, the law 25, you just said is super important to like continuously reinvent and craft it and like play with it. Um, don't get stuck in like whatever you used to say three years ago or even three months ago, necessarily, if it's no longer the, the most bad-ass, exciting, fun version of you and what you're trying to do.

Do you, um, and what does it say now you want to build a hundred million dollar brand or something? Yeah. So I'm building a hundred million dollar brand and, uh, and I put, uh, that I'm investing in company, bad-ass companies like XYZ.