I have an idea for you. So, um, I call this my new Lambda school idea. Um, have you ever, do you guys have like an office administrator or office admin?

I don't know if you guys are, we have, yeah, I mean, we have someone who handles stuff. Yes. And do like HR and things like that.

Right. I'm talking more like, um, so admin work or like an executive assistant or secretary. Do you have anybody like that?

Have you ever? So recently, um, I'm, uh, at my work, we're hiring an EA, right? So we had an EA, she left, we had to hire a new executive assistant.

And so, um, they put me on the hiring panel and I'm like, okay, I don't even know what questions I'm supposed to ask. Like, I, I don't really know what the background does should be looking for all that stuff. So I started thinking about this, started looking it up.

So it turns out that, um, office administrators or, or secretaries or, or executive administrators, uh, EA is one of the most popular jobs in the country. Um, and it's also something where, so there's about, you know, say 600,000, I think in the U S. Um, and they pay pretty well.

Uh, so it doesn't require tons of specialized skill. It's pretty much anybody can learn to do this if you're, you know, somewhat competent, but you can make 50, 60, 70, 80 K. Um, doing this.

I thought that's a pretty good paying job. And I know at our company, the EA is they're critical. Um, they do such an amazing job.

They, they're, they, they help and all the senior leaders do what they do. And so I started thinking about this and I said, could there be a Lambda school for EAs? Because I think this is something that in three months, you could teach people the core skills that you need around calendaring, booking, travel, um, you know, note-taking all the different sort of core components that you need to do to do this job.

Well, um, you know, it's not rocket science. You just need to learn the tools and learn the sort of do's and don'ts. And then I think companies when, you know, like us, when we're hiring for this, um, there's no like school or degree that you look at where you're like, Oh, because you have this degree, you're going to do a good job.

And so it's usually like, do you already have experience doing this or not? But that's a catch 22. Cause how do you break in if, if everyone wants to hire for somebody who already has experience doing it?

And so I'm thinking that you could create a program that, uh, tells it offers people who says, Hey, in three months, we can train you for a job that'll pay you 50, 60 or 70 K a year. And it's a job that has good, you know, work-life balance and all these other characteristics of it. And so, and you could use the Lambda school model where you take an income share agreement and you say, great, I'm training people for three months.

It costs me $3,000 to do this remote virtual school, but I make back, you know, up to 15 K 17 K per candidate that gets placed into a job, uh, over time. What do you think of this idea? Fucking love it.

And I'm looking it up right now. Um, org org.co. Have you heard of org org?

No, that's a hilarious name though. We use it. Um, let's see how big their team is.

That can kind of tell us how big they are, but okay. What org org is, is it's a community slash community slash, uh, job board. It's like a, I don't know how you would describe it in one word.

It's a org org is a 100% volunteer run organization. Uh, we have jog board, blogs, resources, we have private groups, an email list, and it's all for HR and executive assistants, office manager, HR departments, and DIY, uh, admin assistant, like, you know, whatever. And so, and so my, uh, our old EA was on this and it was an email list and, and they would send out blasts like, Hey, I'm looking for, uh, the best I it person, our company is small.

We only have a budget of $2,000. Who do you recommend? Or like when I wanted to hire a new EA, I had a friend post a listing on there and I got tons of applicants.

What I would do with your idea is I would either buy this company, man, these, these, the lady who runs this, I forget her name, but she could be making millions off of this, but I don't think she is. I bet she's making hundreds of thousands of dollars. So I would buy that.

Yeah. I would buy that. Buy it or become the platinum sponsor for, uh, you know, fair, a fair rate and use it for, for the sort of the user acquisition.

And there's this powerful thing because, um, once you build the brand that, Hey, yeah, this is, it's like a staffing agency, right? But it's a, it's a big internet, internet version of a staffing agency. And once you place some people, two good things happen.

The first is you get a reputation that says, Hey, our EAs have been hired by company A, B, C, D, E. And if we could come, we become a trustworthy source for good EAs. But then also right now, all the candidates in our current EA pipeline came from our existing EAs, people they knew from their network.

And so your alumni become your hiring, become your hiring partners. And so the more alumni you place, the more opportunities you have for your own graduates. And so I think that's like the real power of, uh, of the Lambda school model.

And unlike developers, okay. So the Lambda school model, you got to break that shit down. Lambda school model, you're saying you train them for free and then you get a percentage of their salary.

Yes. Do you love that model for everything? Uh, not for everything necessarily, but I think when you have a low cost of training, uh, it's a great model because it reduces the friction to join because you say, well, it's free.

And so I only, I only have to pay them. If I get a high paying job out of this. So your incentives are aligned, right?

Because we want you to get a high paying job, but you came to us to get a high paying job. We only get paid if you get a high paying job. And if you get a high paying job, this is a reasonable payback for, uh, for us providing that service to you.

And so I think any way, any place where you have a low cost of training, this is a very good mechanism. It's just a debt mechanism. It gets a lot of hype, but really it's just a debt vehicle.

And, um, but I think it's a good debt vehicle for, for this.