I started advertising on Facebook 11 years ago in 2013 and since then I've personally managed Facebook ad campaigns that spent more than 50 million dollars and generated more than 200 million dollars in revenue. I've also built one of the largest meta ad agencies in the UK during that time period. Over the last five years alone we've worked with more than 2,000 clients in just about every industry that you can think of and I say this right at the beginning to let you know that I know what I'm talking about and that I'm a good source of information you can take the advice that I'm giving.

I'm going to compress that 11 years of experience into this one video. Let's dive in. So one of the most important things that I've learned running Facebook ads for so long is that most Facebook ad campaigns fail just like most businesses fail.

That is to be expected but it shouldn't put you off. All the rewards go to those who keep going long enough to work it out. For some reason a lot of Facebook advertisers when they start on the platform they seem to think that it is the platform's duty to get them results and that they should just I've run an ad campaign.

It didn't work. It should work. That's not the right way to think about it.

You should see the platform as the opportunity to put your ads in front of people which is all it is. That's all any advertising ever is. Is you are paying to put ads in front of people.

Whether or not those ads produce good results for your business is absolutely dependent on the quality of the offer, the quality of the ad creative, stuff we're going to get into in this video. And I think that coming into it with that mindset causes so many business owners, marketers, entrepreneurs to launch ad campaigns, them not work and then they just go this doesn't work and they leave the platform after literally a week, two weeks, maybe a month. You should expect your ad campaigns to fail.

We all know the stats that 90 something percent of businesses fail. Probably 90 something percent of Facebook ad campaigns fail. That's fine because you could have 10 failed campaigns and one campaign that absolutely smashes out of the park and that one campaign is so beneficial to your business.

It's so valuable. It can be scaled. It can allow your business scale.

It can completely change your business in terms of where it's going and its trajectory. Completely change the life of the business owner, the entrepreneur that's running that ad campaign. So it is absolutely worth going through those first 10 failed attempts, let's say, and it might be more, it might be less.

It varies for everyone to get to that one that works really well because it is so valuable. So I think if people approach the platform thinking, I'm going to try my best here. What I'm doing right now is likely to not work, but I'm just going to keep going until I work it out because I know there are other businesses advertising this platform.

I know that some of them are successful. I can see that they've been running ads for a long time. Again, I'll explain more about that later on.

So it must be working for them. I just need to keep going until I can work it out and it will be completely transformative to my business. I actually think that that psychology is absolutely how you should approach a business as well.

If you've got a new venture, it's like, I'm going to keep going until this works. I think that's really valuable, but definitely applies to Facebook advertising. Now, for those people that do get through that, that do get through the first failed 10 ad campaigns to get to that one, the positive is that, you know, that other people won't.

Other people will have the attitude of, well, I gave Facebook money. I should just get results. And that's silly.

Facebook's just offering a service, which is put your ads in front of people. They're not offering results. They're going to try and help you get results, but they're not selling results.

They're selling you exposure. It's up to you and your ads and your campaigns to get those results. But because other people have that attitude and they're going to try it for two weeks and leave, that is a massive competitive advantage.

Like you, you end up in the top 1% just by sticking out for a couple of months, because so many people drop off, which for those that stay is great, which is why I said all the rewards go to those who stay long enough to work it out. You have to keep testing. You have to keep trying.

You have to keep trying to improve things. But if you just keep going, keep going, keep going, you can work it out. We've got so many scenarios with clients where they come to us because they've tried advertising and things aren't really working.

And they think it's a viable channel for them. And they do a bit of this and a bit of that. And first few campaigns that we launch, okay, these didn't work.

This is not the right angle to take. This is not the right creative. This is not the influence we need to work with.

Right. We need to come up with a different angle here. We try again.

We try again. We try again. And then we find something that just is three times better in terms of performance than anything previously.

And it changes everything, changes everything about the business. That really can happen, but you've got to keep going to do it. Okay.

I've got a number of points, by the way. I'm going to just make my way through them as I go. Amateurs focus on reducing costs to acquire a customer.

Experts focus on increasing lifetime customer value. Now, this is a broader business point, but absolutely applies to Facebook and Instagram advertising. It is really key.

I see so many business owners running Facebook ads, and they are obsessed with reducing their cost per conversion, cost per result, depending on what they're optimizing for. So let's say you're generating purchases for $50 each. And you really want to get that down to 40 because that would help make your campaigns a lot more profitable.

And you're trying all these things and testing it and all that's great. But actually, it might be a much higher leverage move for you to take the opposite approach and leave your ads where they are for the minute. Leave that at, okay, it's costing us $50 to acquire a new customer.

We're currently generating, let's say, $100 per new customer. We've got a 2x return on ad spend. Instead of trying to reduce that cost per conversion down, you could instead keep that where it is and look to increase your lifetime customer value.

It's usually a lot easier to take your lifetime customer value from, say, $100 to $110 or $120 than it is to take your cost per conversion from $50 down to $40. There's only so low your cost per conversion is going to go because it's a competitive landscape and there's other advertisers and they're going to bid up the price. But there's no limit to how large your lifetime customer value can be.

And taking a lifetime customer value from $100 on average to $120 is normally very straightforward. You only need a small fraction of your customers to buy again or to buy an extra product when they do check out or there to be a little upsell. There's loads of different ways that you can increase that.

Or if you've got a subscription or a monthly service on a retainer, just decrease your churn by a little bit and you'll increase your lifetime customer value by that 20%. Now, if we go back to our example, let's say you've got that $50 cost to acquire a customer, you're almost certainly, if you've been running ads for a while, you've tested a bunch of stuff and you've settled on 50, it's almost certainly impossible for you to reduce that cost to acquire a customer down, say, below $20. Like if your ads are already decent, the idea that you're going to more than half your cost to acquire a customer, it's probably impossible.

But you could absolutely take your lifetime customer value from a customer from $100 to $200, $500, $1,000. That happens all the time. Businesses do that all the time.

And there is so much more profit to be made on that end than there is on reducing your cost to acquire a customer. And if you do take your lifetime customer value from $100 to $1,000, you can then reassess your cost to acquire a customer limits and go, well, the max we could pay before was $50. But now, you know what?

I think we can go ahead and pay $200 to acquire a customer, which means we can scale this campaign 50 times as much as what we're currently spending. 100 times as much as what we're currently spending acquire all the customers in this market because we can now afford to pay that much more to acquire a customer. So experts, the best in the business, focus on lifetime customer value, increasing that.

I've got a whole separate video about that with specific tactics that you might want to check out. I'll include a link in the video description. But the more and more I look at businesses that succeed on using Facebook ads over the long run and able to scale, it's because within their industry, they have above average lifetime customer values.

And it's something I'm constantly bringing up with people in my mentorship program that ask me questions about how do I do this? How do I do that? And I'm like, maybe we don't need to do that.

Maybe we just need to fix this thing. And by the way, if you just implement a better email autoresponder, that'll probably do it. Quite easy to do.

Okay. Facebook ad campaign structure, targeting, and settings are less important than you think. Offer is the single most important thing in a Facebook ad.

Creative is next. A lot of Facebook advertisers, from what I've seen, look at their ad campaigns. They aren't producing great results.

And they want the problem to be a setting or a targeting change or something like that. And they want that to be the problem because if that is the problem, it's an easy fix. You just need to get the right information, go in, tweak the targeting, change the setting, and voila, the results are great.

The way Facebook advertising has gone in that the results are, in the meta is so much more sophisticated at being able to get us results with more open criteria. So open targeting or hybrids like advantage plus audience and things like that. The less that stuff has an impact and changing it is not really a point of competitive advantage.

Now, when I first started 11 years ago and seven, eight, six, even five years ago, you could gain an advantage over competition by having better targeting, better setting structures. And unless you're making a really big mistake, so unless you're advertising to too small an audience or you've messed up your settings and you're only using the audience network or something along those lines, unless you're making a big mistake, there's probably not much competitive advantage you can gain from tweaking things like targeting settings, campaign structure, and things like that. Really, where the massive competitive advantage is, is in the offer.

What are you offering? And the ad creative. And again, I speak to Facebook advertisers all the time through comments online or my various pieces of content, but also as part of my mentorship program.

And a lot of business owners think their offer is great. And I think that's a really dangerous trap to be in. They think I've got a great offer and someone like me can take a look at it and go, not really.

Like that's what 90% of your competition offer. You're offering a free quote, a free consultation. So is everyone else.

That's not something that someone in your target market is going to look at and go, I need this thing. How can I not go ahead and grab this thing? Now, there are many ways to improve offers, but knowing that it is the single most important thing.

And until you feel like you've got that nailed, that should be your primary focus. For different businesses, it's going to be different things. Obviously, there are price related offers that can be fantastic.

Can you beat your competition? And you can do that with single products, with bundles, people buying volume, they get better prices. There's lots of ways of doing that.

With service based businesses, you can often do it with guarantees. Something that a lot of businesses don't take advantage of is that you can reverse the risk associated with buying your product or service if you guarantee something, an outcome for your prospect. They're going, well, I might as well buy this thing because it's guaranteed.

So lots of different ways you can improve offers. I've got separate content about offers because it is so important. I won't go into all the detail in the world here, but just know that is the most important thing.

Next most important thing is ad creative. What your prospects see is by far the most important element of a Facebook ad campaign. It's not the stuff at the ad set level or the campaign level.

It's what you put in front of people, which when you sort of logically think about it, you're like, well, of course it's what you put in front of people because that's what's going to either grab their attention or not. That's what's going to convince them to take action or not. That's what's going to give you positive or negative brand association.

That's what's going to help you develop a relationship with your prospects or not. It's going to do all the things that you need or not to get your prospects to the point where they're ready to buy from you. So I think a lot of advertisers should spend a lot more time, effort, resources on creative and focus less on tweaking, targeting options and settings.

With that said, as long as you're not completely messing it up, as long as you haven't got campaign settings where you're running a traffic campaign when you should be running a sales campaign or something along those lines, which I think most Facebook advertisers get past that pretty quickly. A bit of education around this and you'll be past that point. It's offer and add creative.

And a lot of Facebook advertisers don't want to go near there because that's the hard stuff to do, right? That's the thing you've got to really think about and find inspiration and get creative and try something and it won't work and try it again. But that's, you know, I'm here to tell you the truth based on my experience, 11 years of experience Facebook advertising.

That is what really matters. Okay. Before investing a lot of time or money in a Facebook ad experiment, so testing something, first ask yourself, if this works, will it make a substantial difference to my results?

If not, don't do it. Other tests are more important. I see a lot of Facebook advertisers testing a lot of things and they test because they think that's a good idea to do.

And it is, you absolutely want to be testing, but they're testing around the edges. They're not testing the big stuff. So I already talked about in a previous point, how important offer is, and it is just absolutely crucial, but there are other elements as well that you can test that you should start with before you start focusing on the tiny little things.

If your ad campaigns aren't producing great results and you're testing different call to action buttons, trying to work out which one's going to produce the best results. It's not a waste of time, but it's definitely not the test you should be running. You should be testing different offers.

You should be testing different creative styles. Have you tested including an influencer in your ads? Have you tested UGC style content?

Have you tested image versus long form video versus short form video versus carousel? Have you tested headlines that focus on one benefit associated with your product versus a completely different benefit associated with your product? Have you tested including a guarantee or something along those lines?

Those things are much more likely to have a big impact on your results. And when you're going through your ad campaign, you're analyzing it, the results aren't where that you want them to be, or you think they can improve. Think, okay, what are the biggest needle movers?

It's probably not testing three different background images for this ad selling a product that's exactly the same, but we've just got a blue background, a red background, and a green background. It's probably not that. There are probably other things that you might want to test.

It could be different products within your product range. It's going to vary depending on the businesses. You know, I can't give like specific advice because it will vary across different businesses, but this is where you need first principles thinking.

You just need to like look at your stuff and think about it from your customer's point of view and think, is that actually going to be a needle mover? Is that going to substantially make a difference to someone looking at this? Are they going to care a lot more about this than they do about this alternative one?

If the answer might be yes, then it's an experiment you should run. If not, there are other tests you should run. Ignore real-time data and daily results.

Now, I totally get why Facebook advertisers do this, and I absolutely did this myself at the beginning. When you first start running ad campaigns, you don't have that much experience. You are constantly hitting refresh in Ads Manager.

You wake up in the morning, it's the first thing you check. Just before you go to bed, it's the last thing you check. You're having lunch, I'll quickly check my results, and it's just constantly doing that throughout the day.

And it's not good. It's not good for you psychologically because you just sort of become addicted to looking at the data and refreshing and updating it and seeing how things are performing. And I'm sure people watching this have been in this place, I certainly have, where it really affects your mood.

You know, you check your results, and if they're great, you're happy, and if they're not, you're sad or anxious or angry, and that's just not a good place to be. And it's especially not a good place to be because we know that real time and sort of day-by-day data, when you're looking at, say, yesterday or today's results, is highly inaccurate. Meta, since iOS 14, has had a harder time of accurately tracking the actions that people take.

They're very open about this. They will say that they use modeled data, particularly during, say, 48, 72-hour window. So if you're looking at the last two or three days, a lot of that data is going to be modeled.

And what that means is that Meta is, yes, looking at the actual results that have been generated and the Meta can track. But they're also going to estimate extra results, usually, based on ones they think will have happened, but they can't track. And actually, you can go the other way as well, because obviously, they can get those estimates.

They can underestimate. They can overestimate. Now, what that means is that this data is just not very accurate.

So you're looking at real-time data or yesterday's data, and that's affecting business decisions, optimization decisions within your ad account. Do I turn this ad campaign on or off? Do I kill this ad?

Do I not? And it could just be wrong. You're allowing that to affect your decision-making, allowing that to affect your mood, when you really shouldn't, because it's just not accurate.

So it's much better to extend the time horizons. It's much better to extend the time horizons because you do get more accurate data. So obviously, Meta starts with modeled data, and then as that information comes in, it gets updated and becomes more accurate.

You also get a much better sense of things when you look at things over a longer time horizon. If you're looking at daily results, you could have really big daily fluctuations, because when you're advertising on Facebook, you're advertising to real people in the real world, and real-world things affect stuff. Let's say we're advertising in the UK, and I give the UK as an example because the UK will typically have...

It's a small enough country where it'll typically have one weather. So if it's a really nice day or a really bad weather day, it's probably that for the whole island, or the whole country, I should say. That can absolutely...

Like, if you look at yesterday's data and you're like, oh, my fur coats aren't selling very well. It's February. They should be selling really well.

Yeah, but what if that day was bright blue skies and warm, and people were outside? They're not thinking of fur coats. Probably sunglasses sold really well, even though days in February normally aren't great for selling sunglasses.

So when it comes to daily fluctuations, things like that, big sporting events, news events, all sorts of things can get in the way that can affect your results. If you extend out the time horizons, those are smoothed out, and you get a much better trend. Facebook advertisers always complain about results fluctuating, and it's something they want to try and fix.

And I think that's ludicrous. It's like trying to stop the sun from rising in the morning and setting in the evening. It's like your results are going to fluctuate.

Much better to learn to live with it. And if you look at your results over a weekly or monthly time horizon, then you're going to make much better decisions as an advertiser, and you get out of that weird sort of neurotic constant checking and allowing that to dictate your mood and things like that. So I really think that that's very important to just ignore real time and daily results and extend the time horizon, especially with new ad accounts where there's going to be more volatility anyway.

But even for more experienced ad accounts, get yourself at least out of that 48 to 72 hour modelling window so you have more accurate data. Okay, if you can choose which market you operate in, and there'll be some people watching this video that can. They haven't yet launched a business, or they're a marketing agency can choose which clients to work with, or they're thinking about starting a new business or a new product range, something like that.

But if you can choose your market, go for high average customer value and local. We talked earlier about the importance of lifetime customer value, and how increasing that is a fantastic strategy and something that a lot of Facebook advertisers should focus on a lot more. There are markets that just naturally have a much higher average customer value than others.

If you are an interior design company, your average customer value is probably really, really high, because people only hire interior designers to do extensive work to their property, or to redecorate, or whatever it happens to be. If you are a car wash, your average customer value is normally going to be really low. People come in, get their car washed, pay a bit of money, and that's more or less it.

So if you can choose, go with higher average customer value. And the reason why is because every advertiser with all the different business models are competing within the auction when they're running ads on Meta. And if certain advertisers in certain industries can pay a lot more to reach people than others, because on average those people are worth a lot more to their business, they will bid up the cost of advertising.

So every now and then I'll speak to a business owner that says, oh, I sell a product for $15, I need to get my cost per purchase down to $7 to be profitable. And you think, really? Like, that's it?

That's all you make from a customer is $15. You've got them to do all of that, you know, get their payment details out, go through the whole process, and you're going to get $15 back for it? That's so tough.

And a $7 cost per purchase, okay, in some rare circumstance is going to be possible. But even if it is possible, it's only a bit small scale, you're not going to scale that up. And it's rare that you're going to be able to achieve that anyway.

Whereas if you work with an interior design company, and they say to you, look, we make $100,000 a customer on average, because we do big projects. So you know what, we could afford to pay $5,000 to acquire a new customer. And you're like, how easy is that?

If they convert one in 10 leads, we could pay up to $500 per lead. It's really hard not to make that work. It's so, so easy to make that work.

You're like, oh, we're getting your leads for $75, which would be quite an expensive lead cost on Meta, $75. That's way, way, way less than they can afford to pay. So that would be the first part.

Second part is choose local. It's much easier to win if there's far fewer competitors. It's a really obvious statement, but most things in business, Facebook advertising are really obvious, but we all just need to be reminded, like me too, be reminded of these things.

The downside to advertising a business that operates locally is that there are limits on how much you can scale that. But the upside, particularly for relatively new Facebook Instagram advertisers is absolutely huge. I've spoken to a number of businesses that have started, let's say, gym clothing businesses, apparel businesses.

And I'm like, okay, what's your target market? And they're like, the whole of the US. It's like, okay, you're competing against Nike and Adidas and Reebok.

And some of the big, it's like, this is going to be incredibly difficult. They have all the brand weight behind them. Budgets that will smash you out the park.

That's just so difficult. But if you're, if, if, if, if alternative business, let's say you live in a town with a couple hundred thousand people and you're a funeral home, how many other funeral homes are advertising on Facebook and Instagram in your town? Maybe none.

So just by putting an ad on there, you might be the best Facebook advertiser in the town. If there are a couple advertising, how good do you think their ads are? Probably pretty rubbish.

If we're honest, I imagine you could watch like literally one of my tutorial videos and know enough to be able to produce better ads than your competition, that local town. So you can become the best Facebook and Instagram advertiser for that funeral home in that town of 200,000 people for, with a day of training, effectively a day of educating yourself and having a practice. That's a much, much easier to market to win.

Now, as I said, the downside is it might not be scalable because you might think, oh, well, yeah, but with the sports clothing business, you could turn that into a billion dollar brand and not be able to do that with a local funeral home. And sure, I get that point. The funeral home, if there's 200,000 people there, you know, you're probably talking a market in the tens of millions.

So like there's plenty of business to be had there. And you could then open a funeral home in the next town and the next town, the next town, you could build a billion dollar business for sure. So yes, it might take longer in terms of scalability, but it is possible.

I just see, I see a lot of new Facebook advertisers biting off way more than they can chew going in to a market where it's like, I don't think you realize that you are, you've just started playing soccer and you're playing in the Premier League. Let's start you at the absolute lowest run with a little sixer side game and we'll train you up. And then once you've, once you've won the better players there, then you go to the next level and you train you up.

And once you've better players, you go to the next level and you go to the next level. You can go up markets, but just start with something much, much easier. So it's way easier to do, to get great results.

If you've got high average customer values, just naturally in an industry, I'm not talking about you being expensive in your industry. I'm just saying some industries, they just, people spend a lot more than they do on others. And if you can go local, that's beneficial.

One more point I want to make around the local. When I say go local, I'm not talking about a business where you can sell nationally, internationally, but you've chosen to be local because that doesn't work. Because let's say you've got a sports clothing business and you say, oh, I'm only going to advertise to the city of Dallas.

Right. Yeah. But, but Nike might be advertising to the whole of the US and they will also be running ads in Dallas because they can service that area.

I'm talking about businesses where the product or service that you offer can only be delivered locally. So with the funeral home, most people obviously are going to use a local funeral home. If they've had a relative pass away or something like that, you're only competing against the ones that are local for the most part.

There might be some rare occasions, but for the most part, you're only competing against the ones that are local because it can only be delivered in person, local service in that case. That's a distinction there that I want. It's about reducing the amount of competition and picking markets that are really, really easy.

Okay. Next exceptional lead follow-up is more important than exceptional lead generation and your competitors aren't doing it. Now we work with tons of businesses that are looking to generate leads.

That's, that's what we're running ad campaigns for. And we've had this scenario happen dozens of times where a client will say that we're currently generating leads for about $15. We really want to get that down to about $12 each.

And we'll go, okay, we'll do our best to make that happen. A lot of things that can be done with, you know, testing and trying to improve things all the time. But why do you want to reduce your cost per lead by that?

What, what, what are the economics behind that? Okay. Well, when we factor in our lead costs and, you know, let's say commission to the sales team, whatever, we're currently operating at about, about a four to one, you know, marketing spend.

So for every dollar we spend, we get roughly four out in, in top line revenue. We really want to get that to a five to one. That, that, that might be a target that, uh, you know, speaking to like a marketing manager might say.

One of the things that we will now ask because we had this experience maybe a couple of years ago. And since then it's like something that we try and drill home to all our clients is how quickly are your sales team contacting new leads and what's the frequency of contact? And we'll often hear things like, Oh, well, um, we tried to get back to leads the same day that they inquired all the time by the end of the day.

And, you know, we'll, we'll, we'll give them a couple of calls. And if that doesn't work, send them an email. And otherwise we think that they're a dead lead at that point.

At that point, we often shock them. And we say, your business will massively grow and massively improve if we do nothing to the lead gen. So we're still generating leads at $15 each, but you try and contact those leads at an absolute minimum within half an hour of them being generated, not by the end of the day, the difference there is huge.

And ideally within five minutes. So ideally you'd have people there waiting, lead comes in back. They get a call 60 seconds, two minutes later.

If you do that, the chances that you actually get in touch with the lead, you actually make contact with the person is way higher. And obviously the more leads you get in contact with, the more you're going to convert into, um, eventual customers, fairly obvious again, but you know, again, these things are obvious, but we need, but we need reminders. And the more likely they are to be engaged in the process and remember that they just filled out something to become a lead and they are actually interested and they're like, and they'll also be impressed.

Wow. That was quick. Brilliant.

Um, these guys are on it. That's an indication that you're going to deliver a fantastic service. So that's the first point is, is try and contact them literally as fast as possible within five minutes, ideally.

And that might mean you need an extra sales rep or two to be able to do that, depending on the structure of business, but it'll probably be worth it in many instances. Uh, it will be because of the added contact rate, like I said, but then also it's a follow-up rate. So let's say you try and give them a call and you don't get through.

Okay. Well, instead of giving them a call the day they become a lead and then another one, two days later, and then the next morning you send them an email, and then you just give up instead of doing that. How about you try and call them every day, twice a day for 14 days after they become a lead and then also sending emails and also sending SMS messages and just doing everything you can to get in touch with this person before you fully go done.

And if they message you back and they go, just stop calling me. This is annoying. Great.

You know, you've done your job and you've had aggressive enough lead follow-up. Now I can think of numerous cases where we have advised clients to do this and they haven't taken it to be fair, but I can think of numerous cases where we advise clients to do this and they have taken that advice and they're, you know, you know, give a brief example where they want to improve their overall return on marketing from a four to one to a five to one. And by just implementing those changes to lead follow-up, exceptional lead follow-up, they've gotten three times the revenue from the same amount of leads being generated.

So instead of going from a four to one to a five to one by getting that their cost per lead down a little bit, they've gone from a four to one in, in, uh, return on marketing to a 12 to one in return on marketing with no more leads generated and the leads costing the same amount, which is just business changing in, in a massive way. And again, also, if you're now operating at a 12 to one, you know what else you can do? You can go, you can say to your agency, they can come back and say to us, you know what?

Because we now make three times as much on average per lead, because we get in contact with so many more leads, not to mention that you might be able to put your price and all those other things, but just getting in touch with that many more leads makes that difference. We can actually now afford to pay 25, 30, 35, $40 a lead, which means by the way, instead of spending $10,000 a month, we'd like to spend $100,000 a month next month and massively scale. You might not be able to do it that quickly because you need capacity, but you see what I mean?

You could spend way more and scale way more because you can afford to pay that much more from a lead, not because of anything to do with your ad campaigns, not even because of anything to do with your service or improving it or reducing churn or anything like that, just because you are getting in touch with a much larger percentage of your leads and you're doing so that much quicker when they're that much keener. So you get the conversion rate up so much more. If you think about the average business running Facebook and Instagram ads, the leads they generate, one of the absolute biggest drop-offs is just going to be getting the lead.

Someone's become a lead, getting them to take the next step. Whether that's becoming a lead via your website or using an instant form, it's just like, can we just get in touch with them so that we can move them to the very next step? Not become a customer, just get them there.

And if you think about the flow of your sales funnel, that's going to be a huge drop-off and therefore a huge potential for opportunity. And the end of this point was your competitors aren't doing it. So it gives you massive competitive advantage.

If you get three times the revenue per lead because you contact them at a much higher contact rate, you achieve a much higher contract rate, and your competitors aren't doing it, they're scrambling around for $12 leads and you can pay $30 leads and you just blow them out of the water. You're like, Facebook ads cost has gone up 15% this year and what? Who cares?

I can afford to pay this. I can spend way more. Competitors are nowhere near me because we have the best sales team in place.

They are super on it with follow-up. That's really important to our business and it's been a game changer. There are only two Facebook ad metrics that really matter.

Cost per conversion or ROAS. And most businesses only want to focus on one of them. It's going to depend on your business.

So if for example, you are an e-commerce business and you are able to track pretty precisely using something like Shopify, the average order values that are going through, you can look at your ROAS number and you can use that to make decisions and work out if ads are working, if the overall campaign's working, if there's been an improvement or drop from results, things like that. If you are generating leads, you'd be looking at your cost per lead or if you're going for some other sort of conversion but you can't track eventual purchases like you're running ads to a webinar opt-in and then you don't have the data set up to be able to fully track when someone becomes, let's say, a client later down the line, then you'd want to look at cost per conversion. But that really is all I would like you to look at.

It's so easy to get lost in CTR and CPMs and going, well, hang on, this ad's got a better CTR than this one, but this one's got a better CPM. This one's got a better engagement rate. This one's got a higher quality ranking.

This one's got da-da-da-da-da. The return on ad spend or the cost per conversion metric, whichever one is most suitable to your business, it basically encompasses everything that's important to your business and the success of your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns and is absolutely what you should be basing decisions around. I don't care if ad A has a better CTR than ad B if ad B produces a better return on ad spend.

It just doesn't matter. I don't care if ad set A has a higher CPM than ad set B if ad set A produces a lower cost per conversion. That's what really matters.

So just blank out all the noise and focus on what's really important. And it's one of those two metrics, but that's going to vary, of course, depending on your business. So I'm just going to pause for a quick second because I have something really, really exciting to tell you about.

Now, literally the day this video is published, we are launching a brand new program called Facebook Ads Mastery. So this is a brand new course with a community and it's all brand new material, never before seen, never out my YouTube channel, never sold anywhere else, anything like that. And we've packaged everything up that me and my team use to run literally thousands of Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns every year.

You've probably seen if you're following me either in the videos or on Instagram or whatever that we're constantly putting out results and screenshot for client ad accounts with fantastic return on ad spend numbers and we are able to produce great results. And we're putting all of that into Facebook Ad Mastery in this program. So we are sharing the strategies, tips, techniques that we use to get those results, also to train our staff.

This is really good stuff. So it comes with a school community. There's going to be tons of interaction from me and my team in there, answering questions, providing value information.

There's live calls and trainings. So a lot of stuff coming from our end to really support people who jump on this and help them get the best results possible, which is what we really care about. The price starts at just £97 per month.

We've never offered something this affordable. We've really priced it so that even beginner Facebook advertisers can use it, although we've got things in there from beginner all the way through, right through to advanced. It's literally the day that this video is published is when this is going live.

Very, very exciting. So if you're interested, there is a link in the description. You can click on that, find out the information and hopefully I see you on the inside.

Okay. So next Facebook Ads truth. You should base optimization decisions using conversion volume, not time.

What I mean by an optimization decision is let's say you've got multiple ads running and you are trying to decide, do I turn certain ads off? Do I keep them running? Do I test new things?

Do I change this ad set? Do I adjust strategy? It's something when something's already live, you've already got campaigns, ad sets, ads live, and you're deciding, do I turn them off?

Do I change them? Those are optimization decisions. And you should use conversion volume, not time.

Now, one of the most common questions that I get asked all the time is after I launch a new ad, how long should I wait before I decide if the ad is successful or not? Now, time is not a good yardstick to use. It's not a good measuring window.

You're much better off using conversion volume because let's say I was to give you an advice of seven days. Launch an ad, after seven days assess the results. What if after seven days you've got, let's say, three ads and between them they've generated six conversions?

Well, you haven't got enough data to make a call yet. You just don't. But if after seven days you've got 6,000 conversions, you probably could have made a decision much, much sooner.

So there are ad campaigns with really high conversion volume. Let's say you're generating sales or leads for relatively low price. You're advertising a low ticket offer and you're operating with a big budget.

You will generate enough conversions to be able to make decisions on whether or not an ad, a strategy, an ad set is successful sometimes within hours. And on the other end, you could be generating leads or sales for something that's really high ticket. The volume of conversions generating is really low.

Perhaps you're not operating with a large budget and it might, you might launch four ads and it might take you a month to find out whether or not they're going to succeed or not. Sometimes even longer than that. There's no rule that I can give you that is just always going to work in every scenario.

I think seven days is a good average. But as because of the reasons I just just described, that's going to vary massively depending on your business, depending on your budget and depending on your conversion volume. Conversion volume is the thing that really matters.

And now I think most meta advertisers would really benefit from taking an hour and having a little search around YouTube for statistical significance tutorials and just familiarise yourself with the concept of statistical significance. Statistical significance is basically at what percentage likelihood is option A better than option B. And you can, there are free online tools called statistical significance calculators and you can enter in your results for ad A and enter in your results for ad B and the statistical significance calculator will tell you with a 90% confidence, with a 75% confidence, ad A is going to outperform ad B.

And if you just play around with that and watch a few tutorials, you get a sense for looking at an ad, an ad account or an ad campaign and going, okay, it's fairly statistically significant that option A is going to outperform option B based on the data we've already got or no, actually, we don't have enough data yet. I see a lot of Facebook advertisers, they'll ask me questions, they'll show me an ad account, and they'll be like one ad has got 10 conversions for $11 each. And then another ad has two conversions for $18 each.

And they're like, Oh, all right, that ad with 10 conversions, obviously outperforms. And you're like, not really. Because if if if ad B has got two conversions for $18 each, what happens if the next person that clicks purchases?

Just think about that mathematically. So $36 has been spent, let's say the next click is roughly $1, you're going to bring your cost per conversion down to $11 $12 if the next person who clicks the conversion. And that's probably getting a bit mathy for some.

But what I'm just trying to describe is that's not statistically significant. That result, you haven't got enough data to be made that cool. Because if if you just get a couple of extra conversions in, the whole picture looks very different, which way you want to wait.

So yeah, extra bonus points for checking that out. Okay, next, if you can't scale, it's because your ads aren't good enough. And you need to create a lot more.

So if you think about the way meta advertising works, right, you've got your overall target audience. Meta with its machine learning and AI systems is really good at working out who within your target audience is are the best possible prospects. So let's say your overall market is a million people.

And you're spending enough to have ads be put in front of 10,000 people a day, 1% of the audience. Meta is going to find that 1% more or less. And what a lot of meta advertisers will see is they're advertising spending enough to reach 10,000 people.

And they're getting really good results. And their cost per purchase or their ROAS is fantastic. And they think, great, if I spend 10 times as much, this is amazing, I'm going to get 10 times the results.

And what they do is they try and scale and they see that their cost per result goes through the roof or their ROAS tanks. And they're like, what on earth is going on? I can't scale my Facebook ad campaigns.

In that scenario, what is likely happening is that your ad is good enough to convince that top 1% to convert. The hyper-responsives within your market, the people that are most keen and most into what you have to buy, sell, offer, whatever it is. And then as you try and scale, Meta's found the top 1%.

And let's say you double your budget. And now Meta's got to put your ads in front of 20,000 people a day instead of 10,000 people a day. And the next 10,000, so you've got your first 10,000, you've got your next 10,000.

The next 10,000, they're okay. Still really quite keen, to be honest. They're not quite as keen as these 10,000, but they're still pretty keen.

And perhaps your cost per result goes up a little bit because they're still decent. But then you spend a bit more and you're getting to people that are still interested, but a bit less. And then you spend a bit more and you're getting to people that are, yeah, we're kind of interested in this, but not so much.

And then you spend more and you get people that are like, I could take it or leave it. You spend more, you get people that are like, what's that? So you can see what I mean by as you spend more, you're being put in front of people that are lower quality prospects.

Now, the better your ad is, the better it will be able to take someone who is, let's say, within the top 8% of your target audience, as opposed to the top 1% in terms of responsiveness, and get them to convert as well. So if you can't scale, it's because your ads can only get the really keen beans to convert. It can't get a wider section of the audience to convert.

So the solution is you need much better ads. And the way to resolve that is to create a lot, lot more ads. So let's say, given the example we've talked about, it's converting really well to the top 1%.

And let's say you've created 10 ads, and one of your ads is doing all the heavy lifting. It's what normally happens, right? One ad is going to be the best performer, and that's what's getting most of the ad spend.

So you've got a 1 in 10 ad that is good enough to produce great results from 1% of your target market. To get great results from, let's say, 5% of your target market, so to be able to 5x your ad spend profitably, you might need a 1 in 100 ad. And when I'm saying 1 in 10, 1 in 100 is like, if you created 100 ads, the very best one.

Now, a 1 in 100 ad is better than a 1 in 10 ad, usually, right? But you need to make 100 ads to get to the point where you've got a 1 in 100 ad. And then if you wanted to reach 10% of your target market or 20% of your target market profitably, which, by the way, would be 20xing your budget from where you were originally, so the work is big, but the opportunity here is massive, you might need to create 1,000 ads because you might need to find a 1 in 1,000 ad.

And if you create 1,000 ads, what happens is you will just, obviously, you're going to try and do as well as you can and improve on it and create the best possible ads. But if nothing else, you're going to stumble across a fantastic ad, something that you hadn't thought about, that you'd found from a competitor or you'd seen another advertiser using or something in a different industry or, you know, someone in you or your team, you're talking, you go, you know what, we could try an ad with this sort of format. We've never done that before.

Let's give it a go. And you just do that enough times, literally 1,000 times, and you stumble across one where you're like, I can't believe it. This ad converts at a third of the cost, in terms of cost per purchase, as our previous best performer, this is going to allow us to 10x our budget.

This is business changing. So if you can't scale, I would look at it for the most part, assuming that, you know, you're not running into audience size issues. Like if you only operate in a town of 100,000 people and you can only operate there, you won't be able to scale just because of population size, right?

In order to scale, that business you'd need to open like new locations or have other bases with other towns and then scale it that way. But assuming that's not the issue here, it's normally because your ads just aren't good enough, no matter how good you think they are, they just aren't good enough. And if you create loads, loads, loads more, you're likely to find those absolute gems that can change everything.

Don't fight the tide. I think it's a really good idea for meta advertisers to work out when in the year is peak season and when in the year is not, and adjust their ad spend accordingly. I understand the impulse for people to say, my sales are great in Q4 and they're great in Q2, but Q1 and Q3 are terrible.

I mean, you know, I'm not sure how many businesses actually that would actually be true with, but let's say that's the case. I really want to find a way to generate more sales in Q1 and Q3 because those are the bad parts of the year for us. And honestly, I feel like that's fighting the tide.

If your sales are great in Q4 and they're great in Q2 as well, that's probably, there's probably reasons for it. It could be seasonal to do with weather. It could be, you know, let's say chocolate, for example, is going to sell really well for Christmas, Valentine's and Easter, right?

Those are going to be the best times of the year. I would go with the tide instead of trying to fight it. If yes, you could probably do things to improve your number of sales you generate or your ROAS during the bad times, but you know what?

It's probably better, you're probably better off just spending a lot less during the times that aren't as good and spending a lot more during the times that are really good. And if you take a longer term view of things, if you assess your return on ad spend and your results over a year, as opposed to just like individual chunks of time, and I've given quarters there, but sometimes people will be looking at this in, you know, shorter timeframes than that. I think you'd be net much better off.

There's probably underlying reasons why there's big seasonality and fighting those is not resources well spent. So for us as a marketing agency, for example, we know that the quietest time of year for us is December when it comes to new clients. Now that might seem weird because we're obviously advertising a lot of Christmas campaigns and we are, but all the Christmas campaigns, those clients come on board August, September, October, maybe the real late ones might be November where they're like, we need a campaign last minute.

And we have those, but most of them, it's earlier than that. So we've got all those in place and running long before December. So we're not creating, we sign fewer clients during December than any other time of the year, new ones.

We've obviously got a lot of campaigns that we're servicing and we just know that that's the case. Like that just is what it is. So if like people on our sales team want to take time off, December's a great month.

You know, we don't always just keep them to that, but you know what I mean? Like there are things we can then prepare our business around. We know that because we're not having new client signups, there's likely to be a revenue dip during December that'll pick back up again in January.

January we know is a great month because a lot of people, if they're thinking about starting a new Facebook ad campaign, if they're not taking advantage of the holiday season, they will, in November, December, they will often say, well, let's get it started in January. So January is a great time of year for us. There's less advertiser activity as well.

So CPM is often cheap, which means we can get great results often for a lot of us during that time of the year. So we know that in our business and we're not trying to fight it. We also see a bit of a dip during sort of July, August, when a lot of people are away on vacation.

Again, the same reasons, not as significant, but it happens. So we just know that and we plan accordingly. So we're going to put more effort into our marketing during the months that are great, spend less on say retargeting my audience to get clients and things like that during the months that aren't.

Brand is the greatest Facebook ad hack by far. Hacks like we tweaked a setting and it changed it 10x our results just aren't really true anymore. The one that is true, the hack that is true is brand.

Brand is so powerful. So I think we need to, I need to quickly define brand and then, and then, and then explain how you can actually use this and how it can impact your results. So brand is simply the association that your prospects make with you or your company, positive or negative.

That's what your brand is. If you have a very positive, firstly, if you're known or you or your business is known or someone associated with your business is known, and it's a positive association, that is the single biggest lever that I could ever think anyone with Facebook ads could pull that could massively, massively improve results. So we've been fortunate enough to work on some client campaigns where a major celebrity is a part owner of the business.

And I can't talk about the specifics because these are all NDAs and things like that. But we've run so many campaigns now that we often have quite comparable results. So like if we're entering into an industry, it would be like, well, actually we worked with two other clients in this exact space or very similar spaces.

We know that the average cost per purchase or ROAS is going to be a four to one. If the campaigns are performing well within this industry, we have those sort of benchmarks now. And then we've read examples.

I can think of three off the top of my head where a major celebrity has been involved in the business. They've been the ones to put together or they've been involved in all the ad creative, like they're featured, they're promoting it, all that sort of stuff. And instead of the four to one average, we can see a 10 to one, a 12 to one ROAS with like basically the same, but just that person being involved.

And it is so, so valuable to be able to leverage that brand. I've seen that personally. And if you follow my content, you've probably seen the benefit that me or just think about the people in marketing and business that you follow, right?

How beneficial do you think their personal or company brand is to the results of their business? So when I first started my agency, I would do well if I would get one or two new leads for clients a month. When I started it eight, nine years ago, and I was doing all these things like networking meetings.

And obviously I was running my own ads and like struggling to get things to work, right? When I didn't know what I was doing in the beginning. Now, because of the personal brand I have, about 800,000 followers, subscribers across channels, we generate something like 12 leads a day for done for you agency services.

And we have a whole team of, you know, 50 plus people to be able to service that sort of, obviously we only work with a relatively small fraction because there's a lot that don't meet the criteria, but like to be able to service all those clients, things like that. That's based on my personal brand. Now, obviously all the ads that we run as a business to get clients for agency, they all feature me because I'm the influencer that impacts those results.

So brand is so, so, so powerful. There are tons of examples. Think of The Rock with his tequila business.

I can't remember the name of it now, but that thing's worth billions simply because he's endorsing it. Like how do you think that business would be without him? It wouldn't be like half as big.

It would be a millionth as big. It might not even exist at all. Think of the brands that the Kardashians have, have created and promoted and think of how big some of those, those companies are.

Like the impact there is absolutely enormous. Okay. So what does that mean?

How, how is the, how is this useful information for you as a Facebook advertiser? There are two ways that you can use brand to massively improve your Facebook ad results. You can spend a lot of time and money building one.

And that could be either you personally or your business. And how do you do that? Think about how I did mine, right?

I created loads and loads of content, provided as much value as I possibly could for years and years and years, helped a lot of people. And that's absolutely viable and absolutely something you can do. And over the long run will be massively beneficial.

Or you can look to leverage other people's already established brands and save yourself a lot of time. Now to work with the people that have that, they're going to want a lot for that because they've spent the years. It's like if someone else wanted to come along and leverage my personal brand and do like a joint venture on something, it's like, they've got to really offer something attractive because they're taking advantage of the eight years and the literally, I was going to say hundreds of thousands of dollars.

It probably is in the low millions that I've spent on all the content and everything like that that's, that's been created during that time period. I mean, thousands of videos, money on video editors and equipment and all this sort of stuff, right? Like shoot, like they're leveraging all of that, that time and that money spent.

So they have to come to something really attractive, but you can do that. So how could you go about doing that? You could hire influencers literally to record your video ads for you.

That would probably be like the quickest, easiest way to get started with something like this. You could test a bunch of influencers, find the ones that work for you and influencers will have a rate for stuff like that. They'd be like, I'm going to send you a product, please use it.

And I'll pay you a thousand dollars, $2,000 to create a couple of video ads that we can then use ourselves. Really important, by the way, if you're going to work with influencers like that, you do get them to record your ads, not just post about it themselves organically on their platform. Because we know like, let's say it's going to be an Instagram post.

Well, people are going to see that for 24 hours and then it's gone, it's done. Whereas if you get them to record an ad and they're a name, you can then use that ad yourself and run that for weeks, months, years and leverage their brand within your ad for that extended time horizon. So that's like the quickest and easiest way.

Or you could go all the way to the other end and fully partner with someone. And there's sort of everything in between there. I've seen businesses start with what I recommended.

You find some influencers, you reach out, you get them to, you might try and work with five different influencers. You get them to promote your stuff. You find that one just absolutely crushes it.

And maybe you, you work with them on an ongoing basis. And at some point they become part of the business and, um, and that's beneficial for all parties. But if you don't want to build your own brand, you don't want to spend the time resources on doing that.

That is something I would absolutely recommend Facebook advertisers use. And the first option of just getting influencers to create your ads for you, that's a no brainer for a lot of businesses. You also got to think, yeah, you're going to have to pay them money to do that.

But a most influencers, most people with a personal brand are good on camera because it's literally what they do. So it's like the quality of the creative is going to be good. And secondly, it's not going to cost very much because it not going to take them very long.

Usually just record a few videos using the product telling how great it is. That's, that's quite quick and easy. And thirdly, if they're doing that for you, you're saving on the cost of producing the creative yourself.

So it's like, okay, we had to pay someone a couple thousand dollars. Yeah. But we didn't have to hire the videographer that costs 1200 anyway.

So that's a real top tip. And I just wanted to absolutely ram home the importance of brand. Don't train for a marathon by swimming lengths.

That might sound quite confusing. You think, hang on, I thought it was a Facebook ads video. Why are you talking about, you know, exercise?

When people first create a Facebook ad account, often, and they have been told this by many sources, often they think, well, I can't run a sales campaign. I can't run a leads campaign. I need to run a traffic campaign because my account doesn't know how to generate conversions yet.

In my opinion, that is bad advice. That is like taking someone who doesn't run and training them for a marathon by getting them to swim. Because if you run a traffic campaign, what's a traffic campaign going to get you?

Clicks. Some might convert, but you're much better off going for what you actually want. Now, the reason why people don't do that, the reason why people don't run a sales campaign or a leads campaign is that when they do, they don't get many sales or leads.

But you just have to go through that. You would probably get less, but you will certainly get less if you ran a traffic campaign during the equivalent timeframe. Just like if you take someone who doesn't run at all, and you want to train them for a marathon, when they first start running, they're going to be rubbish.

And they're not going to be able to run very far, and they're not going to be able to run very fast, but they have to go through that to get better. It is not a complete waste of time to get in the pool and swim, but it's not the best use of time, is it? And it's exactly the same with Facebook ad campaigns.

It's not a waste of time to run traffic campaigns, a waste of budget, but you'd be much better off just running the conversion campaign, the sales campaign, the lead campaign instead, and just going for actually what you want, and just accept the fact that it's not going to perform very well. Now, the reason, unfortunately, why this is recommended by people, including meta reps, which I don't really like, but they do do that, is if you run a traffic campaign and you're optimising for link clicks or landing page views, in the result column, you're going to see a bunch of stuff. And it's just a simple little psychological trick where you go, well, hey, I generated 112 clicks.

My campaign is doing something. Whereas if you generated, you know, you might have generated 112 clicks, but only three purchases. Whereas if you run the same conversion campaign, it might do better during that time period.

I bet it will. Let's say it produces five purchases, but in that result column, you spent a bunch of money and you get five purchases, five, five in the result column, and much rather see 112. But that is misleading.

So it's an analogy I've used quite a lot. Don't train for a marathon by swimming lengths. But I think it helps explain the logic as to why I don't like using traffic campaigns for a new ad account.

You just have to accept that new ad accounts don't perform as well as experienced ones because they don't have the conversion data. Meta's machine learning processes aren't trained up on it yet, but you can get them there. Spending 10% of your meta ad budget on ad creative is highly likely to be net ROI positive.

It's very common for meta advertisers to put basically all of their budget into the ad spend. Produce some fairly average looking creatives on Canva or repurpose something that just isn't fit for purpose at the creative asset they already have and throw it out there and just spend a load on ads. If you just took 10% of that budget, so let's say you're spending $10,000 a month on ads and you take 10% of that budget, so $1,000, and you hire a photographer or a videographer or a video editor, I bet that if, you know, hire a good one, if what they produce is quality, that will result in a much greater improvement on platform than the 10% extra.

So if you think about like, okay, you're spending 10% less on ads, so the ads need to generate a 10% better return on ad spend in order to justify the cost of the creative. So if your ROAS is 2, it needs to go to a 2.2 with the new creative in order for that to work out. It almost certainly will if the creative is good, right?

So if you massively improve your creative and you're at a 2x ROAS now, you could easily go to a 3x ROAS or a 4x ROAS or more sometimes, depending on the, you know, the improvement on the creative side of things. And this works at low budgets as well, right? So if you're spending $500 a month, you could spend 10% of that, $50, and hire a video editor on Upwork or Fiverr who could probably take your boring static product images and turn them into something a bit more interesting.

And that could easily significantly improve your results. So I've already talked about doing that with influencers. You can hire creative professionals instead, depending on the strategy or as well as.

I just think changing the mindset shift of like, just put as much money into the ads. It's like, okay, first let's sharpen the axe before we chop down the tree. And let's spend a bit more time on that.

Facebook ads tracking is not perfect. Learn to live with it. So we talked before about Facebook and Instagram ad data being modeled.

Even aside from the modeling, which improves over time, it's still not perfect. You're not going to get exact matches. I've seen so many advertisers twisting themselves in knots, trying to get it perfect and spending a lot of time and resources and it's just not worth it.

And one of the biggest ways this presents itself is when meta advertisers are looking at Google Analytics versus at the data within a Facebook ad account. And they're going, hang on, these things are really different. And I'll explain one of the major reasons why those are often really different.

Facebook will count a conversion if they have had a part in that conversion taking place within the attribution window. So the default attribution window is seven day click, one day view. If someone has clicked on a Facebook ad and then converts within seven days or seen a Facebook ad without clicking and then converts within a day, meta will say, and they're able to track that, of course, meta will say, well, hey, we got a conversion.

Now, Google Analytics might disagree. And here's why. Let's imagine this scenario, right?

Someone gets presented with a Facebook ad on Monday. They click on it. They come through to the website.

Looks interesting, but don't do anything then. They remember the brand name. They Google it on Wednesday.

Because I'm going to check that out again. Okay. They're on the website checking things out.

Oh, they can see there's a little 10% discount if you sign up for the newsletter. Right, great. Okay.

Sign up for the newsletter. Then they get an email over the next three days. And the email that they receive on what day we're at now, Saturday, gets them to purchase.

Which marketing channel generated that purchase? Was it the Facebook ad? Was it the organic search on Google?

Or was it the email marketing? Now, Google Analytics will use last touch attribution. So what was the last thing they interacted on got the conversion.

So in that case, it would be the email marketing is what Google Analytics is going to say generated that conversion. But you and I both know that in that scenario, the Facebook ad was really important. That's what introduced the person to the brand in the first place.

Now, that's not always going to happen. Sometimes it will be something else. You know, it could be a Google ad followed by a Facebook ad or whatever, followed by an email.

Like there's different orders in that. But that's why there's often a big discrepancy. People say, our meta is overreporting.

It's like, well, no, they're counting all the conversions that they've had a hand in. You're trying to attribute each conversion 100% to each platform. And that's just nonsense.

Like again, I know that with the clients we generate an agency, a lot of them will watch my YouTube videos. They will follow me on Instagram. They will be on my email list.

They will see retargeting ads on Facebook and Instagram. They might see retargeting ads on Google as well. It's like, what got this?

All of it. All of it got the sale. All of it was what required to get the sale over the line.

So yeah, so that's normally the big discrepancy. And just don't worry about it too much by thinking, well, hang on, how can I worry about it? I need accurate data to be able to make decisions.

You actually don't. So the first thing I'd say is you can look at relative performance. So let's say you accept that your data is not perfect.

You want to make it accurate, as accurate as you can with reasonable steps. So get the Facebook pixel installed, get the conversions API installed. Easy steps to take, no brainers.

You could even use programs like Hyros if you're operating with a larger budget, quality software that will help with tracking accuracy. But let's say you don't do that. If ad A is producing a ROAS that's 20% better than ad B, those two ads are likely to both be inaccurate by a similar degree.

So you can still look at relative performance, still go, well, okay, ad A is telling me that its cost per purchase is $12. That might not be quite true, might be a bit different to that either way. But we know it's better than ad B.

So we can turn off ad B and we can run with ad A and we can test a new ad test against ad A. You can still make optimization decisions based on relative performance. And then you can assess your overall return on marketing, not just a specific channel, if you've got lots of different channels running and you know that people are having lots of different touch points to get a more accurate picture of how things are performing.

And that does require you to take a longer time horizon view with a lot of stuff, which you'll see is a common theme in the things that I am recommending. So we already touched on this a little bit, but Facebook ad campaigns get more expensive as you scale. So I talked about the audiences, metafines, the top 1%, then the next 1%, then the next, you know what I mean, the more and more you spend.

You're like, okay, spend enough to put my ads in front of 100,000 people instead of 10,000 people a day. Well, a lot of that 100,000 aren't going to be as keen as the 10,000. So Facebook ads get more expensive as you scale.

You need to plan with that in mind. So if your acceptable maximum cost per purchase is $20, and you're currently at $19, and you're thinking, well, hey, I'm profitable. If you try and scale that campaign, you're going to go over the $20.

If you want to make sure there's a nice buffer for you to be able to scale. We talked about all different ways to do that. Increasing lifetime customer value might mean you could change that 20 number, creating 1000 ads or 100 ads, so that you get the one that produces a much better result is a good way to do it.

But yeah, that's an important point. 30 minutes in the meta ads library can save you years of testing and a boatload of cash. So the meta ads library, if anyone isn't familiar, I'll include a link in the description because I've got videos on this, is a place where you can see the ads that other meta advertisers are running.

Very simply, you can see the exact ad, the copy, the creative, how many ads they're running, you can see when the ad was first launched. I'll explain why that's important in a second. And this is obviously a really valuable resource.

So I said 30 minutes, taking a look at some competitors, even taking a look at some industries that are sort of tangential to your industry. So they're somewhat linked, but not exactly the same can be really good, because there might be someone doing something over there that's different, that looks great, that you could bring over and give you a competitive advantage. If you've got bigger players within your industry that you know have spent a lot of money, resources, time on their meta ads, and you look at their ads and they've all got like some similarities, like they're all a certain video length, or they're all images, or they're all carousels, you're thinking, they might have worked out that that's the best format.

I should just start there, because I can save myself a lot of testing. Or they might have worked out, oh, UGC style videos work really well. Okay, interesting.

Or I'll get some of those made and I'll do the same thing myself. You could save yourself honestly years of testing and a whole bunch of money doing that. Now one of the things to watch out for when you do use the meta ads library, in the meta ads library, you can see ads that are currently active from all advertisers.

You could also see ads that were active previously, but have been turned off if they were either in the EU, as of the time of recording, these rules might change, it might become ubiquitous elsewhere, or if they're within a special ad category. Housing, credit, employment, social issues, politics, etc. But if an ad, let's say you're not within a special ad category, and you can see that your competitor's been running an ad for the last three months, or six months, or nine months, or longer, what's the percentage chance do you think that that ad's performing well?

Like if they've been running it more than six months, it's obviously performing well, right? Like it has to be. There's just no way it won't be, because they wouldn't keep running it.

Who wants to lose money? So you can start by modelling from those ones, the ads that have been going a long time, as opposed to the ads they launched last week. So just a bit of competitive analysis could just, it could help point you in a direction.

Now you still might decide later on to test other stuff, particularly if you're new, going, right, there's probably a reason why my competitors are doing it this way. This ad's been running nine months. It must be doing well.

It's been running six months. It must be doing well. Let's produce some stuff that's really similar to this and see how it does.

And you can also do that if you've been running ads a while, but haven't been through that exercise in a while. Go and do that. You might find some inspiration.

It might make a huge difference to your results. Meta has been using AI to advertise for years. Advertisers should use new AI tools.

They're not going to be replaced by them. A lot of advertisers are wondering about the future of meta ads and AI, right? Is it going to stop what we're doing?

Is it going to completely replace us? Is it going to just be like, you give meta your business and they just work it all out? Maybe at some point, but not anytime soon.

AI has been used in how meta runs their ad campaigns forever. It's software. It's machine learning.

It's processes that allow meta ad campaigns to optimize. That's why we're able to use a sales campaign as opposed to traffic campaign. Because meta's AI is going to work out how to get you more sales.

It's going to use all the data, all the inputs and use algorithms to work it out. So I think that there's a lot of misconceptions around AI and meta advertising. I think that the way we should be thinking about it is when new tools come out, I'm going to use them.

They're going to help me produce creative quicker and easier. They're going to help me produce ad copy quicker and easier and better. Great.

I'm going to take advantage of this, but it's not something that's going to make advertisers obsolete within the next two years like some people are predicting. I cannot see that happening. If in doubt, keep it simple.

Now I've seen more Facebook ad accounts suffer from being too complex than I have from being too simple. This often happens when advertisers have been running ads for a little while and they're testing things and adding and they think, well, I've got a sales campaign. Maybe I should try Advantage Plus shopping.

So I'll add that in and, oh, I haven't tested dynamic creative yet. Let's add in a new ad set. And there's just so much going on, so many different variables that people are testing that it just confuses Meta's algorithm and doesn't allow them to optimise properly.

So if you're in that sort of scenario and you've seen results drop off, you just feel like things aren't working as well as they used to, one of the best ways to address that is simply to turn everything off, create one campaign focusing on your best possible promotion, and it will probably produce the best results, particularly if you use ads that have performed well previously and you're sort of reusing those. It's something that we do a lot of ad accounts that just become too complicated and just need pairing back to something that's a lot more simple. I also think it helps focus the advertisers mind as well.

So instead of you being a little bit focused on this type of campaign, a little bit on this campaign, a little bit on this campaign, it's like, no, no, no, we're running this one promotion. Let's make sure it's an absolute banger. Okay.

So I think that's just a simple tip that can help de-stress a Facebook ad account and improve your results. Okay. After you create a new Facebook ad campaign, go for a nice long walk.

This is similar to what we talked about earlier with not using daily results or real-time data, but I do think it is absolutely a good idea for Facebook advertisers to make sure that after they launch a new campaign, they're doing something completely different. You want to refresh. You're going to be tempted to be in there tweaking and testing and fiddling with this and fiddling with that.

It's just not a good idea to be doing that sort of stuff. If you're in the learning phase, it's not going to help your performance. It's almost certainly going to hurt it.

So most of the time you want to set a campaign and go do something else that's going to distract you and then come back to it later. It's kind of the same as like, if you wanted to lose weight, you shouldn't have unhealthy food in the house because then it's like constantly tempting you and you want it. And it's difficult to say no.

Whereas if it's not there, it's not there. Kind of a similar logic, right? Get the ad campaign live and then go for a nice long walk or whatever it is that you like doing or other work that's going to occupy you mentally.

Go and get that done as opposed to just obsessing over the new ad campaign, which I know is very easy to do. It's easy for me to say that, but difficult for you to implement it. So set yourself up for success and change your environment or make sure you've got something that's going to occupy you.

I think that's a good idea. Facebook and Instagram followers are vanity metrics, but sometimes that matters. Okay.

So running ad campaigns to get more followers on Facebook or Instagram is something that we've done more than I think many people would expect. They don't really help that much in terms of then being able to market more on Instagram than on Facebook because you have better organic reach. So there is some value, but it's not normally going to be a best bang for buck.

Like if you're like, I'm going to run a campaign to get Instagram followers to then sell to them, you're normally better off just selling to them. But sometimes you need the vanity metric because of who's a vanity you are appealing to. A lot of businesses, their prospects want to work with a business that they see as more established, more reputable, sometimes more flashy, depending on the industry.

And if you have larger followings, that's going to help with those things. And I've talked about it being that's appealing to your prospects vanity. That's probably a little bit too cynical.

Sometimes it is. If you're like positioning yourself as a very flashy, high-end luxury company, sometimes it is appealing to their vanity. But other times it is, you know, it's an important thing to the business and they just want the proof that you know what you're doing and they want you to look credible and established and things like that.

Well, if they come through to your Facebook page and you have 45 followers, you don't look like much of an established business. And if you're selling something that requires quite a bit of trust, that might be a sticking point. But if you have 45,000 followers when they come through or even four and a half thousand followers, that's going to look a lot better.

And that might help you make the sale. Again, it's going to depend on your business a lot more. If you're selling a low e-commerce product, it's less important than if you're selling, I don't know, insurance or financial services, right?

Where people really want to work with very established companies because they want that trust factor, but definitely something to think about. Okay. If people can buy similar products to yours from Amazon for less, your campaigns will not work.

You have to remember you're advertising in a competitive landscape and you're advertising to real people who are going to make logical decisions. If they can see your ad pop up and be like, oh, I haven't thought of buying a product like that before. This looks fantastic.

I'd be really interested. I think that would suit my needs really well. Let me just quickly check on Amazon.

Oh, oh, they sell these on Amazon and they deliver next day or same day. Oh, and it's 20% less than what this ad was for. They're going to buy that.

And this is becoming more and more important as people become more tech literate, like older and older people are happier doing things along those lines. And there's just a huge trust factor from Amazon. So you just have to remember that you're not advertising.

A lot of people think of Facebook ads as a video game where they're advertising to NPCs. They're advertising to real people that will make logical decisions. They will check these things out.

They will try to make like do the best thing for them. And that might well be not buying from you. So I think what's really important is that you differentiate yourself somehow.

Now you can do that with brand. We've already discussed that. You can also do that by genuinely having a product that is better in some way, has new features, has a differentiating factor.

So people can't just go to Amazon and buy it for 20% less. This is a real problem with drop shipping. A lot of drop shippers are selling the exact same product, often using the exact same creative as other people.

And it's like, that's just a race to the bottom on price. It's probably on Amazon for less. It's just almost impossible to make that work.

Now you could make a business work that uses the drop shipping model, as in you don't hold the stock, it gets delivered directly. Like that can work. But just in terms of you selling a commoditized product that's exactly the same as hundreds, if not thousands of other people, and it's cost less on Amazon, that's not going to work.

You need to find a way around that. Not unless you have a huge brand to promote it. And even with that brand power, which is the ultimate Facebook ads hack, the success you see is probably still going to be short lived.

So yeah, very, very important. Okay, there is no one size fits all. When it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising, I create a lot of content.

And one of the things I often struggle with is giving people advice and trying to make sure I get all the caveats and nuances in of like, if you have this type of business, you need this. If you have this type of business, you need this. So whenever you're consuming content, and you hear about a strategy, you always have to ask yourself, is this going to work for my business?

Because the way you sell a $50,000 service is very different to how you sell a $15 e-commerce product. Very, very different. And it's very easy to hear about strategies that work, it could be for my content or elsewhere and think, that's going to work for my business, I'm going to go ahead and implement it.

And you do it doesn't work. And you think, Oh, yeah, but my friend used this, and it works so well for them, why is it not working for me? Maybe they have a very different business.

So be very clear on that when you're consuming advice, and when you're going through things and implementing various things you might have seen or heard elsewhere being like, okay, but will that work for my business? Yes, no, that will, that won't, but that will. And I try to be very clear on my content like this will work for this, and I've been doing it this video, this will work for this type of business, this will work for this type of business.

And you have to put it through that lens. I think that's one of the advantages that I have as the owner of a meta ads agency that works with tons and tons, tons of clients, and we're not industry specific, we're across the board, is that we get so many looks. And there's all sorts of scenarios where we still get surprised, where we're like, huh, this business is really doing better with this setup.

That's funny, because with a very similar business, we were using this setup and that worked better because we tested it. But this one's like, there's a nuance in this market that means this is slightly different. Okay, we need this type of this ad creative format.

Okay, I didn't think that would work here. Right? Okay.

Now, sometimes we know, we can predict, but not always. So I think that's something you need to be aware of, and it can be very, very important. Okay, next.

You can't outsmart meta. It's becoming more and more important to trust the algorithm and not try to find a silly little hack. Like, oh, instead of running a leads campaign to generate leads, I'm going to run an awareness campaign with a fancy call to action that's going to get people to take out, oh, I'm going to run engagement instead, because that's going to get lots of engagement, it's going to drive down my CPM, that's going to get lead.

No, if you want leads, go for leads. If you want sales, go for sales. If you want awareness, go for awareness.

If you want engagement, go for gauge. Like, don't try and outsmart the algorithm. Meta is not trying to trick you.

They're trying to get you the best results possible because guess what? Meta makes the most amount of money from advertisers. If someone starts advertising on the platform and they get great results, and then they stay and they spend more.

So Meta is absolutely incentivized to get us results. So go with not all, and I'll explain a bit more about this in a minute, not all, but most of their recommendations and don't try and circumnavigate what they recommend with a lot of the setting. Like the default position for Facebook advertisers should be to go with what Meta recommends on most things.

And then there are a few small nuances that I'll explain later, but most of the time that's what you want to do. I see a lot of advertisers still trying to outsmart the algorithm or trick the algorithm. It's like, no, it's not the right way to go.

And even if you did somehow fluke something that worked, it almost certainly won't work for very long because these things are constantly being changed. Whereas if you just go for what you really want and Meta's trying to constantly improve their systems to get people what they really want, then it's pretty straightforward and you are likely to get the results that you want more than with any of the setup over the long run. Okay.

Your product or service might just not be good enough. It's not something that any business owner wants to hear. And when I've had to give this specific advice directly to people, it is awkward and uncomfortable, but I always try and make myself do it because it is what they often need to hear.

Sometimes you think your product or service is great, and it just isn't. There's just not that much demand for it. If you've been putting tons of resources into creating better ads, you've been trying everything you can and you're not getting any improvement, don't discount the idea that maybe my product, maybe what I'm offering is just not good enough.

Maybe they can get cheaper on Amazon or whatever, or maybe there just isn't as much demand. Maybe we need to assess this element. It's probably the last element that business owners want to assess because they'd much rather it was one of the other things that was getting in the way, right?

They'd much rather it was a targeting setting or even ad created because it's much easier to fix than kind of the whole new product. And we do this a lot with clients where we launch new products for them, like particularly bigger businesses, they'll get a marketing agent like us on board to launch a whole new product range that had never been advertised before. And often they do really well, which is great, but sometimes they just completely flop.

And it's like, there's just not the demand for this. Like the company who specializes in this thing made this product range. They thought it was going to work really well, looked all good to us as a marketing agency.

We thought it was going to work well. And it just didn't. There were things we didn't predict.

And for some reason or another, this hasn't landed. Back to drawing board, we need to change our product, change our service. Don't completely ignore that fact, because that might be the answer that you're really looking for, that you really need to get great results.

If you advertise on Meta for long enough, your ad account will be disabled. That should not be true. But unfortunately it is.

It's probably the weakest area of meta advertising is that ad accounts get disabled when they shouldn't be. It's incredibly frustrating. It could be because you had ads incorrectly disapproved.

It could be because someone hacks into your ad account. These things happen. You can, you should actually take all the steps you can do to avoid that, by the way, like turn on two-factor authentication and use an authenticator app as opposed to a SMS message to a text message to be able to get in.

So these things really do help, but you still might get hacked, unfortunately. And even if not, you still might have ads incorrectly disapproved, which might lead to an ad account disabling. The biggest piece of advice I can have around this is just don't let it stress you out too much and don't obsess over it.

Don't worry about it overly in advance. And if it does happen, it's not the end of the world. Just basically like just, just calm.

Let's just take the stress out of that sort of situation. So I've seen so many people absolutely panic. Firstly, if it has been disabled incorrectly, you can normally get in touch with Meta and normally get it back pretty quickly.

Secondly, worst case scenario that doesn't happen, or you have broken the rules, perhaps without realizing it. And you're like, ah, they're not going to give it back. You can create another one.

Yes, you're going to lose some conversion data. Is that ideal? No.

Is that the end of the world? Does that mean that you can't advertise? No.

You can probably make up for the fact that you've got a new ad account versus an experienced ad account by improving your lifetime customer value by 20%, what we started this whole video with, right? So, so yeah, it's just something that we have to live with as Meta advertisers. There are obviously steps you can take, try and make sure you don't get hacked.

Try obviously not to break the rules. If you get offered a Meta rep, take the call. Don't necessarily use their advice, but you have a contact that you can contact in case you run into issues.

Meta do have chat support available for businesses over that are advertising over a certain amount. It's like paying taxes, right? You just, no one wants to do it, but if you want to operate a business, it's going to have to happen.

So just something you've got to live with. Okay. Facebook ad budget should have nothing to do with audience size.

It should be to do with based on the needs of the business. So a lot of people will be like, Oh, I'm only advertising to 20,000 people, 50,000 people, because I'm only spending this amount. No, no, no, it's not how it works.

Just, just decouple that link. You can advertise to a hundred million people with $10 a day. No problem.

You can advertise to a hundred million people with a hundred thousand dollars a day. No problem. Like it's not linked to audience size.

Your budget should be based around what the needs of the business are. So what I'd normally recommend, let's say for a starting budget is you want to find the sweet spot between it's an amount of money that you can afford to lose. So let's say you can afford to lose $10 a day, and it's not going to put you in any financial difficulty or your business financial difficulty.

Then that's a good starting point. If you can afford to lose a thousand dollars a day, bigger business and the same situation applies, then great. But you don't want it such a small amount that it doesn't mean anything.

So there's normally that sweet spot where you're like, I can afford to lose this, but it'd sting a little. It'd be a bit annoying. Like I wouldn't want it because you don't want it to be so little that you just like, oh, whatever.

That just runs in the background. I don't care. It loses money.

You're not as engaged. It's normally a sweet spot. So you want to start there, get to the point where your campaigns are performing well.

They're nice and profitable and then look to scale from there. Basically, that's going to be a very different amount from different businesses. There are businesses that will start their very first day Facebook advertising with $10,000 a day because anything less would just be utterly meaningless.

And what's the point? We spoke to companies before where they're like, look, if we don't generate a million dollars in revenue a month from this, it's just there's no point even having a conversation. You're like, okay, right.

That's a different ballgame to a lot of smaller businesses. So that's going to massively depend. It could be really small and that's fine.

So just decouple it from audience size and think about it according to your business needs is how it works. Right? I think the link between audience size comes in because a lot of traditional marketing work that way.

If you're advertising in a newspaper, it's like you'd pay for a certain amount of distribution or TV ads that you pay for a certain amount of geographical areas. You're like, well, if you want to reach this many people, it's this much. You want to reach this many people, it's this much.

That's not how it works with meta ads. Nothing allows a business to scale faster than ads that strike gold. I think this is really important for Facebook advertisers to be aware of because it is always good to know what the prize is.

I've recommended things that take a lot of time and effort in this video, in some cases, building a brand took me eight, nine years, partnering with influencers, creating a thousand ads. This is a lot of time, effort, money, resources, etc. The potential reward is enormous and it's really important to remember that.

I have seen businesses be utterly transformed 10x or more in a year because of one ad that cut their cost per conversion massively, more than half. That allowed them to spend 10x as much. That allowed them to acquire so many more customers that they just exploded.

It is absolutely possible with the Right Ad and Right Ad campaign to do that. It's one of the reasons, by the way, if you've wondered why tech startups always raise so much money. Have you ever thought, like why are they in a seed round or whatever, Series A and they've just raised another $100 million?

If you know any details of these tech startups, they're normally pretty lean in terms of headcount. That money isn't normally spent that much on team. They're not like a service business that's building out hundreds of thousands of people and that costs a lot of money.

Obviously, some of that money is going to be spent on those things, but a ton of that money when they're raising crazy money is for marketing. It's for advertising because they know that if they throw an enormous amount of money at advertising to get people to see their thing, it's going to get so many users. It's going to allow the business to grow much, much, much faster because of the enormous exposure that they can get.

Now, often they're going to do that running a loss for a long, long time and they don't care and that's why they're raising money. Most people watching this won't be in a position to do that. It's a unique ad that's going to perform really well to be able to do that.

That's why they're doing that because they know the power of, if we chuck 50 million this year at ads across various digital platforms, we're going to get tons and tons and tons and tons of users from that, provided the product is good enough to keep them. That will make our business worth a whole lot. That's why they're doing that.

Just something to think about. You might not be able to do that from raising capital and then running at a loss, but if you do get the ads right, your business can absolutely take off. Right.

Bit of a funny one. The next one, the Facebook ads platform is dying, has always been dying, will always be dying. Now, obviously, I'm saying that sarcastically, but since I started running ads 11 years ago, there have been comments on within the industry, on posts, on videos, people interacting, saying Facebook ads is dead.

Facebook ads is dying. It has always been the case. It was dying in 2014.

It was dying in 2015. It was dying in 2016. Even though those were like absolute explosion years, it's all a load of nonsense.

Facebook ads, or meta ads, I should say, will only cease to be valuable to advertisers if the users leave. It doesn't matter if meta has gotten rid of some targeting options or they've tweaked their algorithm or any of that. It will only lose value if the users go.

Because whilst there are loads of users there, that's what we want. We want to be able to put our ads in front of users. It's more about them than it is about some mythical platform.

Now, if the users start leaving, then that's a different discussion. But you can look at the latest data from meta on this. And this is a publicly traded company.

They can't lie about these things. And their users are just going up and up and up and up on both Facebook and Instagram. They're up to, I think, just over 3 billion monthly active users now, with over 2 billion daily active users.

I think it might be 2.5 billion daily active users. I mean, just enormous volumes of people. So if you hear that, Facebook ads dying, just ignore it.

It's always, almost every video of mine, someone will say something along those lines. And it's just not true. What most of the time happens is that that advertiser's results have dropped off and they don't want to have a look in the mirror and blame themselves.

They would much rather blame the platform. They just want to blame someone else. They don't want to go, oh, it's because my product's not good enough.

So let's say you take a scenario where someone used to have great results and their results really dropped off. Well, they might want to ignore the fact that competitors have started advertising superior products to theirs. And that's why their ads worked two years ago, but don't anymore, because they don't want to face the fact that they need to re-engineer their product or whatever happens to be.

These things happen. They'd much rather just blame the platform. Don't worry about the platform dying.

That'll only be an issue if the users start to leave. And we are still somehow getting more and more users on Facebook and Instagram, which is remarkable, given that there's got to be a certain point where you just can't grow anymore because you've got such a large percentage of the global population that you can't do that. But yeah.

I'd rather be loved by a thousand than known by a million. As advertisers, when we first come to the platform, we're just like, get my stuff in front of everyone. Get myself in front of as many people as possible because they're going to love it.

They're going to buy it. And actually, there's a lot more value I have found in going much deeper with a smaller group of people than going much broader with a wider group of people. This applies to certain business more than others.

My business, high average customer values, you know, we couldn't work with 10,000 clients in one go. But an e-commerce business can sell 10,000 products in a week, month, whatever. That is possible.

So it does vary between businesses. But in general, and this is circling back on the lifetime customer value point, I'd much rather go deeper and develop a relationship with people that are into my stuff than try and reach as many people as possible because I think there's a lot more economic value in that. I think you're going to get a lot more revenue in a lot of businesses from a smaller group of people that love what you do and they've built that connection with you, your brand or your business's brand than people that just sort of periphery.

Oh yeah, I think I know about, you know, that sort of thing. If you think about the restaurant that you absolutely love in your, like your favorite restaurant, how many times you've been? Probably loads.

And then you think about other restaurants, you might just, oh, a little bit once or twice. You, to that restaurant that you love and you go every, like all the time, you go once a week, once a month, whatever, you're going to be worth 50 times as much to that restaurant you've only just gone in once. So the economic value in a person that's really into it is 50 times what it is someone who's not as into it in that scenario.

And they're obviously different ratios and different numbers. But I just think as a general principle, going deeper. So my omnipresent content campaign is a great way to do that with Facebook and Instagram ads.

I'll include a link in the description showing you how to set one of those up. It's designed to, I mean, it's called omnipresent content, right? Because it's designed to create ads that mirror content and act and set the campaign up in a way that is omnipresent.

So the ads are put in front of people all day, every day, developing that relationship. And that's how you get someone, that's how you build that brand association. Remember, that's the biggest Facebook ads hack there is.

And you can do that with omnipresent content. So I'll include a link in the video description below. So you can check that out if you want to.

And platforms you are not using always look greener. A variation on the grass is always greener on the other side. This is kind of similar to the ad platform dying myths.

But it's very easy when things are hard to be like, oh, it'd be so much easier if I run Google ads instead. Which, by the way, I recommend most advertisers do anyway. Like run ads on both platforms.

Why not? Or TikTok ads are better instead. The trick is just don't abandon what you've done on meta.

Like you can get this to work. Almost all businesses can get great results if they can. You can get this to work.

And that's a huge, we talked about 3 billion users. Like there's huge opportunity there. Why would you not want to to be able to leverage that?

But don't fall into the trap of just thinking, oh, that will be easier. I'll abandon what I'm doing on our switch. Much better to be like, I'm going to work this out.

And whilst I'm working this out, whilst I'm working this hard, I'm going to add another strength to my bow and get advertising on another platform so that I have multiple traffic sources and I'm reaching different demographics and all that sort of thing. Again, it's kind of a psychological marketing point, but one that I think is important. The most expensive part of your marketing is not the cost of the ads or the content creation or hiring influencers or any of that.

It's the sales you miss out on because your marketing isn't good enough. This is a lesson that I've had to learn and try and remind myself all the time when it comes to any marketing expenditure. And it absolutely applies to Facebook and Instagram advertising is that the biggest cost is nothing that you physically outlay financially.

The biggest cost is missing out. So you can say, oh, okay, well, this ad campaign is going to cost me $5,000. Yeah.

But what if that ad campaign will generate you $50,000? The biggest cost there is if you don't do the campaign and you miss out on the $50,000 worth of revenue that you could have generated. And that's a bit of a mindset shift.

And again, it's something that I've had to learn and then tell myself again and again and again, like the biggest cost here of not hiring the agency to do this for me or not investing in this type of media is what you miss out on by not doing it. And I think when you make that mindset shift, it changes how you approach things. Because when you're looking at two options, let's say you've got like, you can get someone, a junior staff member of your team to make an ad image in Canva for you.

Versus hiring this awesome graphic designer who's going to use AI to create some really cool sort of images, whatever. And you're thinking, well, I'm already paying for this junior staff member and it's going to cost me a thousand pounds to get this graphic designer to do this thing for me. I don't want to outlay the thousand pounds.

That's a cost. No, no, no. Think about it in the other sense.

Okay. This image might double my ROAS on my ad campaign. Might not, but might double my ROAS on my campaign.

I'm currently spending 5,000 a month on ads. We're generating 15,000 from it. This image might get us from 15,000 to 30,000.

So you're not looking at a cost of a thousand dollars or not. You're looking at the opportunity cost of an additional $15,000 in that scenario. And obviously you can scale those numbers larger or smaller, depending on your business and your budgets and what the options are.

But that's really helped me. So instead of looking at like my own media creation, which I spend fortunes on across like my YouTube channels, podcasts, things like that, it's hundreds of thousands of pounds, going to be over a million probably in this, in this calendar year. That's a huge amount of money, huge amount of money.

But I know that the opportunity cost of, or the potential increase in revenue that can come from that, and it won't come immediately either. For me, that's going to come years down the line is many times that. So that's why I do it.

It's not just a cost, but that's, it's a difficult mindset shift. I think that's a, that's really valuable. Okay.

People look at your ads for half a second when they're in the bathroom, waiting in line, watching TV, having an argument with their partner. So keep your copy and the overall feel of your ad very simple. A lot of the best ads, people can glance at it for half a second, whilst they're distracted by all the other things they're doing.

Remember, they're not on meta to look at your ads. That's for sure. You have to distract them away from what they're doing.

They're often not even on meta, fully focusing on either Instagram or Facebook, like the platform they're on. They're often focusing on, like I mentioned, other things. They're on the loo, they're watching telly, they're doing all sorts.

If they can get it within half a second, that is often a really good way to go. Now, in some industries, that's not possible. If you've got a really complex thing that's brand new and you need like a video demonstration ad so that people actually know what it is that you're offering, you're not going to get that over in half a second.

But for a lot of of things where you can get the message over, this is a such and such project with this new feature that's never been offered before. Oh, oh, cool. I didn't realize they had a barbecue that has a mini hose pipe attachment that cleans itself.

But you can get that within half a second of just looking at that. And I think that's really key. Even in my stuff where like I'm running a lot of retargeting ads to my audience, with obviously the objective being to book calls and get leads and things, but also just to deliver value.

One of the things that I want to get across with a lot of those videos is someone glanced at it for half a second. A, they see me in it, but they also see, oh, okay, this looks like a short little piece of information about such and such specific topic. Like it could be a little short video on which ad objective to choose or which placement option or whatever happens to be right.

And they can understand what it, even if they don't consume the content, they understand what it is within half a second. And then that allows them to then like based on the title plus the video of me, so they see the video of me recognition, they see the title of it. Okay, I understand what this is about.

And they can then decide, do I go on and consume this content? Now, I already know everything I need to know about objectives, not for me, scroll on or oh, okay, okay, I'm wondering if I'm using the right objective, I'll then do it and check this out. So even in like longer format ads that provide more information, if they can get it early within that half a second, that's beneficial because it's going to help them decide whether or not to consume the content.

So I think that's a good frame to think about your ads in front of like, is this simple enough where people just get it instantly, and it's really straightforward. And if it's not, then I would either recommend changing it, or still running with those versions, but creating new versions that are super simple testing those, and I wouldn't be surprised if those outperform. And on that along those same lines, people want an easy life.

So sell with instant, simple, fast acting, there's the comprehension of what your ad's about, and then there's the getting them to take action. I think too often advertisers lead with, look at my amazing thing, look at all the things it's got. And at the end of the day, people don't really care about those features, they want the benefits associated with them.

And in my experience, the best benefit to usually lead with is so easy and straightforward. I mean, it's super simple business idea, it can basically be applied to any business, is you take a service currently offered, any industry, and you do it in half the time and charge twice the price. Not everyone will pay for that, but enough people will.

There's all sorts of things that we buy, consume, that are so frustrating, and they take way longer than they should, and you'd be happy to pay more to get it in much faster time. I mean, think of, let's say you go to a theme park, right? And you're waiting in a queue for a roller coaster, and it's a two hour queue.

It's like, there's a reason why the theme parks all sell fast pass tickets that take a tenth of the time, and they cost a lot of money because people don't want to wait. But you could literally apply that to everything. Amazon applied it to delivery of products, and they actually charge less as well, because they operate with such insane efficiencies.

But no, it's a bit of a different business model. The whole do it half the time, charge twice as much is just a good example of how important speed and mitigating hassle and effort and all that is. So many tech companies are designed to take a process that is difficult and make it really easy.

There's all sorts of online banks now that instead of having to fill out all these forms and send off to get anything done or changed, you can just do it in a few hours. Well, do it in 20 minutes on your phone, and you'll hear back within a few hours with something like that. So thinking about that within your ad copy, I think is a really good idea.

So instead of listing, oh, this feature helps you get more of da da da da, by all means do that as well. But really try, try at least and lead with, it's super easy, removes hassle, fast acting, anyone can do it in 10 minutes, whatever happens to be. And that is my favorite, if I had to choose one hook to use like across the board of things we advertise, it would be that angle.

Now, we're always going to test different hooks within our ad copy, because different businesses, like I said earlier, the new ones are going to see better results with different things. But we're always going to test that hook. It's probably the one that wins the most in comparison to all the others.

A Facebook ads tip that I wish I knew a long time ago, that we do quite a lot of now, and we recommend it for our clients, is we will try and test new products, services, product lines, business ideas, even using Facebook ads before they're launched. So before you go ahead and spend a lot of money on manufacturing, designing a product, buying a load of stock, you know, planning out the service, hiring the people to make this necessary, all the infrastructure, which could take a lot of time and a lot of money, we can actually test new business ideas, and certainly new product ranges and things like that, using Facebook ads in a lot of cases. Now, the very simple way to do this is we run an ad, let's say we're going to test a new product line, we create ads for those products, how they will look and what the business is planning to create, we will then run those ads to the target market.

And when they click on that, people will instead of coming through to a page where they can buy that product, because it doesn't exist anymore, they instead see a page where it's like, oh, sorry, we're out of stock right now, or oh, sorry, this product isn't available right now, because we're redesigning gen 2.0 of such and such product. If you're interested in this product, you can join the waiting list, and you'll be the first to know when it comes back in stock, and you'll get a 10% discount when you do. So you send people there and you encourage them to join the waiting list.

By the way, as an aside, when you do that, it's really important that the ad itself doesn't say, join our waiting list for such and such product. No, no, you advertise the product as it exists. And then they come through and you go, oh, sorry, it's not available right now.

That's a much more that will give you much more representative data of whether or not people are actually interested, because they're interacting with the ad on the platform as they will when it's actually physically exists and can be can be sold to them. But that's a really good way of gauging interest. Because if you get lots of people signing up for the waiting list, you're on to a winner.

If you get hardly anyone signing up to wait a list, you're not. And you can move on to a different project, a different idea. And you haven't wasted all that money, as I said, investing in manufacturing or hiring people, all the things you need to do to make that a reality when it comes to getting that product there and available.

And we've done this with a couple of companies where I think we've saved them millions, where projects just haven't flown. There's a general rule of thumb I have, where I would like to see signups costing 25% of our acceptable cost per purchase for when the product's actually live. So I'll explain that a little bit.

So let's say we're selling a product and it costs $120. And we're happy with a three to one return on ad spend. So we're willing to pay $40 to get a sale worth 120 on average.

If we're doing that, I would like to see people signing up for the waiting list for $10 or less. So a quarter of our acceptable cost per purchase, our acceptable cost per purchase in this case is $40. Therefore, we want signups for $10 or less.

And the reason why I like that ratio is because obviously more people are going to sign up for the waiting list than are actually going to purchase. So you want to make sure there's a nice, nice healthy barrier. In our experience that once people are on those waiting lists, you know, it's, it's, you're probably going to see better results in a 25% ratio.

So let's say you, you had 400 people sign up for the waiting list and a hundred people of them would have bought. In reality, when you run the campaign, it's more like 400 people signed up the waiting list. So more like 150 to 200 people would have bought, obviously depending on the product and the price point, things like that.

But that's a nice conservative estimate and a rule of thumb. So if you're, if we're advertising that $120 product and we're getting people sign up to waiting lists for like three, $4, we're like, this is an absolute winner. We absolutely have to make this.

And this is going to fly. If the signups are costing, you know, 25, $30 each, we're like the economics on this, on this marketing channel, Facebook ads in this case, and for this product are not going to work. Sometimes the business might decide to do it a different way.

If they think, oh, we can use this as an upsell. So it's still worth it. And then fine.

But if you're just trying to launch this and your main customer acquisition method is going to be meta advertising, that's a really good indication that, uh, that it's not a winner. And the other advantage of doing that is that if you build up that waiting list, then you can immediately sell to them as soon as it's ready. So once you've outlaid all the costs, you're like, right, we've run the ad campaign.

We've got a nice waiting. We've got a thousand people on a waiting list. Uh, fantastic.

We'll go ahead and get it manufactured. And then boom, you can, um, offer the product to the people on the waiting list. And you'll probably immediately generate, you know, a few hundred sales, uh, day one, which can help cover the costs, which is, which is great.

Um, we've done this as a business, just literally now with what I talked about in this video, uh, with Facebook ads mastery, we created a waiting list before we went live. Um, so it's absolutely something that we do all the time and we do for our clients and something that, that I would recommend that is not something people think of early doors when you've got a bit of experience. It's one of those things that can save you a lot of time and save you a lot of money.

Most of recommendations are good, but you need to be careful. So I touched on this earlier about, uh, it's kind of a similar point to not trying to outsmart Meta's algorithm, but this is specifically to the recommendations. These could be recommendations that reps give you when you're speaking to them on the phone or via chat or something, uh, Meta, Meta marketing reps or recommendations that you literally see pop up within your ad account next to your ads.

There's all sorts of things metal say, you know, switch to advice plus audience for up to 33% better results is an example. Most of those are good pieces of advice because again, remember Meta is incentivized to get us the best results possible. That's what they're going to try and do because they know that we'll stick around for longer and we'll spend more, which makes Meta more money.

So they're absolutely trying to get us the best results. There is a category of recommendation that I think you should be wary with or wary of, I should say. And that's when Meta recommends that you spend more money because if there's any recommendation that might be in Meta's interest and it diverges from our interest, I think it's probably when they're recommending you to give them more money, which is, you know, it's like students marking their own homework, right?

It's kind of, it should be taken with a pinch of salt. So for example, if you're stuck in the learning phase, you might see recommendations from Meta being like, oh, you need to really increase your budget to make sure you get at least 50 conversions a week and then your campaign will be better optimized and perform better. Now that is true.

Your campaign will be better optimized. It may or may not perform better, but if your campaign is not working and you're getting 10 conversions a week and it's really unprofitable, the last thing you want to do is go and spend five, 10 times more and just waste a load of money. You want to get it profitable first, smaller, and then scale once you're there.

I think a lot of the rhetoric around the learning phase from Meta is to convince its advertisers to spend more. And it's not that it's fully without logic. I'm not saying that they're making it up.

I'm just saying that they might emphasize spending more because that's better for Meta's algorithm. But what I'm cautioning you against is that that might not be the best thing for your business. So I'm a big fan of starting small, getting it to work at a smaller level, and then scaling from there.

I feel like it's far less financially risky and to be honest, just less emotional turmoil for the Facebook advertiser, particularly if this is your own business and you have limited funds to do it that way. But Meta might diverge. So just be careful with those recommendations in particular.

The others I generally like when they're saying things like switch over to Advantage Plus Audience, you're likely to get better results. Probably true. They're telling your audience is too small.

Probably true. If they're telling you to use Advantage Plus placements and you've got using the sales or leads objective. Yeah, that's what we would normally recommend.

So there are a whole bunch that are fine, but just in general, be careful about those. And when you're looking at meta support documentation for all sorts of things, learning how to do various bits and bobs, that information again tends to be pretty strong. Pretty good.

I'm going to disagree with not much of it. They recommend, for example, no more than six ads in an ad set. I've been saying that for years.

That's absolutely what I'd recommend. No more than six. So yeah, just wanted to make note of that.

The other one that I'd be wary of, and I touched on this earlier, is Meta reps will sometimes recommend running a traffic campaign with an early ad account as opposed to a sales or leads campaign. The reason why they do that is because they want you as the advertiser to see something in the results column. They know you're more likely to stick around if you do.

But like I said before, if you've got 112 clicks and three conversions in the results column, you've got 112. If you're running a sales campaign and you've got five conversions in the results column, you're going to see five. So even though it's better to have the five conversions than the three, psychologically, that's tricky, particularly for new advertisers that aren't really aware of these things and they're more likely to go, I didn't work and leave the platform.

Not ideal and not going to help you achieve your objective, most likely. Okay. Technology consolidates.

The best in every niche gets insane results. So I think in general, as just business, if you just, you know, let's broaden the scope out of this for just a second and go beyond Facebook ads because it absolutely applies and bring it back in. Technological developments often take a lot of resources, users, a lot of customers, and they consolidate it into one or a few entities.

So if you think of Amazon being the perfect example, how many little corner shops have been replaced by one huge Amazon? Tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands around the world have been replaced by one huge Amazon. So Amazon has basically taken that business that would have been with all these little local shops and it's really consolidated them into one place.

There are many other examples of that, right? Like think of where people spend, even within the internet. So if you think about where people spent their time online 20 years ago, it would have been much more dispersed across lots of different websites.

And now that has been consolidated onto a handful effectively of social media platforms. You obviously got your Googles, your YouTubes, your Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, etc. Where people are going to spend the majority of their time online.

Now, interestingly, you still might, just like with Amazon and with those social media companies, you still might be consuming content or buying products from lots of separate companies, but it's all brought into one. So technology consolidates. And the reason why is because technology allows one provider to service people all over the place.

If you look at my business as a marketing agency, we have clients all over the world. Obviously our whole business relies on technology and these digital platforms, but because of technology, we're able to service people elsewhere. In a previous generation, people only worked with a local accountant.

Now you could hire an accountant from probably within the same country because of rules and regulations, but you could hire them from a different location and it would be fine because you can have Zoom calls and they can send you email. Do you know what I mean? Technology consolidates.

The same happens with Facebook ads. Because the best e-commerce business in an industry can access all the market that's on Facebook and Instagram, they can hoover up enormous market share as opposed to it being distributed across lots of smaller providers. And all this is sort of my long-winded way of saying technology creates a winner-takes-all.

Not obviously completely. I have a very successful marketing agency. There are other very successful marketing agencies.

It's not like I hoover up all the Facebook and Instagram ad clients that are available. That would be ludicrous. We only work with certain types.

Do you know what I mean? Things like that. Well, we work with all industries, but people have to be a certain size.

It goes that way more and more and more. And we've really found this, particularly working with larger brands, is they are often competing against a few other brands to be the number one within that space. So there's two ways to approach that.

One is you need to think about raising the bar so that you can be one of the absolute best within your industry. And the other is niching down. Because you could absolutely be the best in your space if your space doesn't have many competitors fairly easily.

And we're talking about this with choosing markets. Like the funeral home example. How easy would it be to be the best the best to create the best Facebook ads in the funeral home industry in your local town?

I mean, if you live in New York, whatever, maybe a bit difficult, but most places that's going to be really quite easy. How easy is it to have the best sportswear clothing brand? Really, really, really hard.

You could maybe have the best clothing sportswear brand that is specific to people who play outdoor table tennis in really hot environments. I don't know. I'm just sort of making something up.

Or they do long distance open water swims in tropical waters. You can win that niche. Because how many are there?

Not many. You could win that niche. But going really broad and competing against a lot of the big boys is just so hard to do.

So even with my company, we are well positioned within the Facebook and Instagram ad space as a whole. If someone was starting an agency and wanted to create content, build a personal brand, I would definitely recommend you go that broad. I'd be like, we're going to create content and build a personal brand and run ads and use the only present content strategy in a niche that is Facebook ads specifically for landscapers.

And all your content is just Facebook ads for landscapers. Because you can win that niche. You could out specific me in that space.

Because a landscaper watching my stuff and watching your stuff will hire you instead of me. Because they're like, oh, these guys serve landscapers. Whereas if you try and go Facebook ads broad, you compete against me, a handful of others that have been doing this for years.

Like it can be done, of course, if you're good enough. But it's just like how long are you willing to take and spend and to get good enough at this? It's that's not easy to do.

So so that's that's what I'd recommend you do. And then and then that ladders all the way up, right? So maybe once you've nailed that landscaping space, maybe then you go for like just home improvement in general.

So you're not working with just landscapers, you've got, I don't know, interior designers and people who remodel homes and people who do extensions and new kitchens and new bathrooms and things like that. Okay. And then then maybe you do really well in that and then you broaden out to broad Facebook and Instagram ads.

Now my business, we don't go beyond Facebook and Instagram advertising or Google advertising. We don't start we don't also offer SEO and also offer website design and also offer LinkedIn marketing and TikTok posts and all that sort of stuff. That's a whole step up again.

And if we were to take a step into that realm, we're then competing against some of the biggest agencies in the world. We like our positioning where we are one of the most sought after ad agencies for effectively two platforms, Meta and Google. I talked about it before in terms of if you can choose your market, even if you can't choose your market and you've got products or services that you offer, how can you take that and niche it down into a specific subcategory where you can win that market because technology consolidates and there will be just a few players that win so much of the business.

The difference between being one of the very best and one of the also rands is absolutely enormous. I talked earlier about, you know, we might generate 12 leads a day for done for you Facebook advertising services. When my YouTube channel, for example, is one of the absolute biggest when it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising in the world.

When it was 20th, I would get a couple of leads a week. So the difference between being right at the top versus 20th and 20th is still really high, right? It's absolutely huge.

The difference is massive. So think about it in those terms. Pick an industry, a niche that's small enough where you can win and then go up the ladder from there because technology consolidates and it's a winner takes all environment.

Okay. If you aren't getting the results that you want, that's on you. Now, there could be all sorts of reasons that you don't get the results that you want when it comes to your Facebook and Instagram advertising that aren't your fault.

I want to differentiate between responsibility and fault. So it could be that a competitor has brought out a superior product to yours. We've had this happen so many times and your results will drop off because everyone can see the competitor's product and they go, I'm going to buy that instead.

And like, that's life, right? That's business. That's the catalyst system.

That's how it works. You then need to respond. It's very easy at that point to blame the platform for not performing as well or blame your creative team for not creating better creative or blame your agency for not whatever.

But actually, only you as a business can fix, if that's something like that happens, only you as a business can fix that. The answer is clearly you need to then in that scenario, go and develop a superior product. It really is as simple as that at that point.

If your ad creative has fatigued, you got to go fix that. It's not your fault that perhaps there was shifting demand within the audience. People used to love this product.

Now there's less and you've got to change the way it's offered or you took advantage of some news and included some topical stuff within ad creative that did really well and that's now age and it's dropped off. You have to be the one to go ahead and change that. There's just, I think this applies obviously to business and marketing in general.

There's a lot of, it's very easy to look at other scenarios and be like, well, I don't have the results I want, I don't have the CESTA I want because of A, B, C that is out of my control. And as I said, if your competitor brings out a better product than you, that's not your fault. But it's on you to fix it.

Only you can fix that. There's just no point in sort of yelling at the world and getting frustrated by it. It's just like, okay, this is just a challenge we're going to have to overcome.

And there are shifting market dynamics for all sorts of products and services and these things do happen. Okay. Last point I wanted to make, you aren't going to die if your cost per conversion increases 20%.

Business owners care enormously about their businesses. And for a lot of businesses that I see that run Facebook ads, their Facebook ads is going to want to be the single most important things in their business. Now, I argue actually that increasing your lifetime cost of value and things like that is more important in a lot of cases, but it's going to be absolutely vital to the success of their business.

So they care about the performance of their Facebook ads so much that it's so emotionally charged that people, well, A, they make bad decisions and B, they panic. And often the panic then leads to even worse decisions. Turn it all off.

Right. We're just not spending enough. 10x the budget.

Throw it all out. Let's go. We compete different ad campaigns.

I've seen all sorts of like way overreactions to, you know, a 20% drop in conversions. Firstly, it might be temporary. It might just come back.

Secondly, if it's not temporary, you go, okay, we're going to calmly, relatively slowly. I mean, you don't want to take forever, but you don't want to panic and rush either. Like we're going to, we're going to do this properly.

We're going to take our time and make sure that we, that we work out how to improve the situation because the situation is nearly always improvable. It's very rare that you're just, this is as good as we can get. Nearly always improve it.

And you can change that 20% number to 50% or whatever happens to be going on within your thing. We're just like rule number one, don't panic. Panic never helped anyone.

It certainly doesn't with your Facebook ads. Your business is not going to die overnight if your Facebook ads fluctuates. It's not even going to die overnight if your Facebook ad account is disabled and you can't run ads for a bit.

These are fixable solutions. There are skills you can acquire that will help you circumnavigate issues that come up. So yeah, so it's just more just like, I see a lot of unnecessary pain from Facebook advertising community.

It's because they want it so bad. They, they, they, they, they, I know because I was there, I was there for so many years where you're desperately trying to get your business off the ground and you just, you want it so bad and you, you find it really difficult and it's so emotionally charged and everything you do is they go like, please, please, please. You check it all day, every day.

And the best Facebook advertisers do not do that. I'm a much better Facebook advertiser now that I can launch a campaign and if it doesn't work, I go, huh, okay. Well, we learned something new.

This didn't work. I think maybe it's because of this reason. Let's change it.

Let's test something else and go again. And if you just have that attitude and you just keep going, you get better results. I think as well, when you're so emotionally charged and you panic and you overreact to dips in performance or changes or negative things that you don't want, it's, it's, it's almost like the burden becomes too much psychologically that you just go, I just, I can't cope.

I just can't do it. I'm gonna stop advertising. Whereas actually, if you were, if you didn't have the highs and lows, you stayed a lot more level, you can just steadily plug away.

And it's the steady, like, take a step forward, take a step forward, don't rush, but don't dawdle. Just keep going, keep going. And that leads to those improvements.

We were like, well, actually, over the last three months, we've ran 12 different experiments. These eight failed. This one was disastrous.

And these four improved results. And actually this one made a 65% improvement in our lead volume for the same ad spend. That's business changing.

And we just slowly got there because we just worked our way through and took it that way. So, and I'm sort of going into the, the business and marketing psychological, but the more, I think the higher up you go in business, the more and more you realise that that's what really counts as opposed to the tactics and the specific strategies. It's all that sort of stuff.

Because the tactics and strategies can be implemented and learnt and done properly by people that aren't frazzled, that aren't panicking. They can't by people that are in that state. And I know, because I've absolutely been there.

Like I am speaking from experience. If you want to approach these things in a much more calm way, you get much better results. So this video is obviously a bit of a different style for me.

If you like it, please let me know in the comments. Also, please subscribe. We look at all that data.

We look at like, you know, subscriber to view ratios. And if it's particularly high, then we think, oh, people love that. We will go ahead and create more content like this.

So if you ever wanted like a say in the type of content that I create, that's the way to do it is to comment, to let me know it's to share it. It's to subscribe because we look at all these metrics and the more of those we get, the more we go, aha, people like this, they get more value out of it. Obviously I'll be doing other types of videos and more regular styles like in our account tutorials.

But yeah, hopefully you found this valuable and I will see you on the next video.