I started advertising on Facebook 11 years ago in 2013. I spent more than $50 million on Facebook ads and generated more than $200 million in revenue for our clients during that time period, and I've run ads in just about every industry you could think of. Now I say this right at the beginning to let you know that I know what I'm talking about and you can take the advice that I'm giving here now that you know it comes from a reliable source.

I'm going to compress those 11 years of Facebook ads experience into this one video. Let's get started. Facebook ad results fluctuate.

That's just life. Now a lot of advertisers obsess over trying to get consistent day-to-day results. They want the same number of leads, the same number of purchases, the same cost per lead, the same cost per purchase, basically every day.

That's silly. It's more or less impossible to get day-to-day consistency, and it's a waste of time to try and aim for it. Now the reason why so many advertisers go wrong with this is because they treat Facebook ads like it's a video game, like they're up against non-player characters in terms of the people they're advertising to, and it's just their inputs that are going to determine the outputs.

And they're forgetting that we're advertising to real people that are affected by real world events, by external factors. And I'll give you an example. Let's say you're selling sunglasses.

If it has been bright blue skies, really sunny in the last three or four days, and it is today, you are going to get more purchases. You are going to get a lower cost per purchase, sometimes significantly so than if it's been chucking it down with rain and really overcast. Now that sounds quite obvious.

I say that to people and they're like, well, yeah, of course, but then they don't apply that to their own business and their own ads. Sunglasses and weather might be an extreme example, but all our businesses are affected by external factors outside of just the ads that we create. So instead of aiming for day-to-day consistency, much better to extend that time horizon.

I like monthly. How are ads performing this month in comparison to last month? If you've got a 15% improvement in your cost per purchase, for example, great.

If we're taking that longer time horizon, it's likely that we've done things to help improve that. Should quickly mention around seasonality. If your business is affected by seasonality highly, you might be seeing worse or better results this month versus last month just because of the time of year, in which case you need to compare, say, this October to October last year, as opposed to this October to June this year.

That's a little aside. Extend the time horizon to just give up on that day-to-day consistency obsession that a lot of advertisers have. Some leads are good.

Some leads are bad. Get over it. I don't think I've ever heard a Facebook advertiser be really happy with their lead quality.

Everyone wants better lead quality. And there are things you can do to improve lead quality, but you cannot eliminate bad quality leads, as some advertisers seem to be aiming for. Again, that is a waste of time.

You are always going to get some leads that come through that aren't great quality. I mean, take my business, for example. We really pre-qualify people before they're able to book a call for our done-for-you services.

And most of the leads that come through are also really warm because they've watched my content or we've been advertising to them for months, sometimes even years. So they should be really high-quality leads and often are really high-quality but we still get poor leads that come through. It is impossible to eliminate it.

So it's much better to just accept that, work on getting better, work on improving the things you do have control over, convert who you can, and then improve those other elements. Don't fight seasonality. Now, the longer and longer I advertise and the more I operate in this world, the more I see that seasonality is such a strong force.

And as an advertiser, it's much better off not to try and fight the tide, not to try and fight against it, but to instead embrace it and try and take advantage of the good times. So I'd much rather a business that sees much better results during certain times of the year spend a lot more money when they see better results and a lot less on their ads when they see worse results as opposed to trying to keep things even. Or I actually see some businesses trying to do the opposite.

They want to create consistency months to months. They spend a lot of their budget on the worst times of the year and less of it on the better times of the year, thinking that that's when they get better results and that's silly. You're going to see much better a broader, wider view, and it helps.

I've been doing this for so long. I can step back and see, okay, our annual results would be better if we take this approach. And it's a longer term view than the vast majority of advertisers, digital marketers will take if we take advantage of the good times and scale back during the bad times.

Like with my business, for example, as a meta ads agency, the best time of our year is Q4. Unsurprisingly, why? Because lots of advertisers want help with Black Friday campaigns, with Christmas campaigns.

It's a busy time of year for a lot of businesses, e-commerce otherwise, and therefore we get more clients and more interest in our services. So we ramp up our ad spend on our own ads. We ramp up our content creation then, and we scale it back during the summer months when we know things are much quieter.

I've also noticed that the larger scale at which you operate, the more you actually see seasonality. So let's say, for example, your business is turning over $5,000 a month, okay? One person business most likely, and you know, 60 grand a year and relatively new.

If you see a 20% drop at $5,000 a month, and you go down to $4,000 a month, that might just be natural fluctuation, hard to see that seasonality. If your business is doing $5 million a month, and you see a 20% drop because of seasonality to $4 million a month, you're going to really notice that and feel that and it's going to feel more significant because there might be costs associated, more difficult, da-da-da-da. Also works the other way, by the way, when you go to scale up from the larger numbers.

So something to be aware of that if you are seeing seasonal trends at lower budget levels, as you spend more, that's likely to be more impactful, not less. It means needs more planning, needs to be prepared to go harder when the times are good to really take advantage of them. Just something that I've noticed over time, particularly as we've increased our scale.

The best Facebook ad results come from solving the hardest problems. It's much more difficult to re-plan, re-script, re-record, re-edit a 45-second video ad with the intention of increasing average watch time so that more people make it to the end, so that more people hear the call to action, so that more people convert. That's much more difficult than just going into your ad account and messing around with a few targeting settings.

And the reason why doing the former, recreating that video ad to try and improve average watch time, can yield a much more significant improvement in results is because your competitors are also lazy and they don't want to do the hard work either. So whilst they're twinkering about with targeting settings, you just go quickly in and change and you're doing this hard work, this difficult work, these hard problems to solve. If you're able to do that, that's what immediately separates you from the competition because people aren't willing to do that.

So when you really want to move forward and you really want to move the needle, when it comes to your Facebook ads, ask yourself the following questions, right? What have I been putting off? What do I really not want to do?

What is a lot of effort to improve? And the answers to those questions, things you don't want to do, the lot of effort that are really difficult, you don't know how to do. If you can improve those and solve those, the percentage improvement you get in results is going to be much, much higher from anything that's just quick and easy, go in and tinker with this or change the color of a background on an image or anything like that.

Give me a relentless Facebook advertiser over a skilled Facebook advertiser. Now I've built a Facebook ads agency, hired tons of people to offer the service of creating, managing, optimizing Facebook and Instagram ads. And you realize that some people are definitely more naturally talented at this than others.

I'm sure that applies to just about anything, right? But the absolute best aren't necessarily the ones that take to it naturally. The best Facebook advertisers are the ones that commit to volume.

Because if you create a ton of ads and then you set those live and then you take the time, this part's really important, you take the time to analyze the performance of those ads and work out, okay, why has ad A performed a bit better than ad B. But ad C's like ad A that hasn't quite performed as well. What are the little nuances?

What are the details? Okay, I think this is why this one's done well. This is why this one, great, okay.

Then create new ads based on that information, based on the analysis you did, and then rinse and repeat, right? You set those live, you give them some time, you analyze, you do it again, you do it again, you do it again. You do that enough times, that relentless approach to Facebook advertising, and it is inevitable that A, you're going to end up with some ads that perform incredibly well, which is probably completely business changing and completely life changing if you're a business owner, but also B, you're going to become a really good advertiser.

It's really hard not to become good at something if you make a thousand ads over the next few years for one single product. It'd be very, very difficult to not be exceptional at that and producing exceptional results with that much repetition. So relentless Facebook advertising is absolutely an approach that you want to take if you're like, I really want to be fantastic at this.

I think this could be a game changer for my business. Just think, I want to be relentless and take that approach. Sometimes a 20% improvement in return on ad spend is all you need.

Now 20% might not sound very much, but what it can often allow you to do is massively scale your ad campaigns whilst they're still profitable. So let's say you need, for example, a 2.5x return on ad spend in order to be breakeven. That's your breakeven number.

Well, if you're roughly achieving that return on ad spend and you can increase it by 20%, that might allow you to spend four, five times as much, maybe even as much as 10 times as much before you then once again hit your breakeven amount. Because if you can improve your ROAS at lower budget levels, as you scale, your return on ad spend is likely to decrease slightly. So you might end up in the same point in terms of your cost per purchase, but you might be spending, let's say five times as much if you can get that initial improvement in return on ad spend.

What does that do for your business? Well, if you're spending five times as much and you've got the same cost per purchase as you did before you made the improvement at the lower budget levels, you're now acquiring five times as many customers. And compounded over time, that does incredible things for your business.

You're building this massive customer base that you can market to again and again and again. If your products and services are good, then people are having positive interactions, there'll be word of mouth, there'll be sharing, there'll be coming back. And you do that for a number of years and the business is able to get that 20% improvement and then scale because of it is light years ahead of the one that doesn't.

So sometimes we can get a bit overwhelmed and feel daunted by the task of, oh, I really need to improve my ad results. If you realise that sometimes all it takes is a 20%, 25, 30% improvement in ROAS, that seems much more achievable. Shoot for that.

And what may come of it might be a lot more than you think. Come on a sec, take a look at this. So this is in my mentorship programme, right?

And the results from Wynn's channel and Tara has said this. In two weeks of joining, my ROAS went from 0.7 to 8.03 and I've only implemented maybe 30% of the feedback that's given me so far, which is, that's just incredible. That's awesome.

So Zoe up here, she joined the mentorship programme with 35,000 raffle tickets. I was thinking she wasn't going to sell them and she ended up selling out completely with two days to spare. And we've got loads of others in here.

We've got tons of people just sharing information around how they've done well, great results they've got. If you're interested, you can click on the button beneath this video. That'll go through to a page on our website.

You could book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more information. Hopefully we get to work together. Hopefully you join and you'll be sharing fantastic results like Tara and Zoe have done just here.

Targeting is far less important than you think. Now when it comes to Facebook ads, targeting used to be make or break. It used to be one of the absolute most important things, but it's not the case anymore.

Meta has spent huge amounts of money and put so much effort into not making that the case. They've introduced things like advantage plus shopping that takes care of targeting for you. They've introduced things like advantage plus audience that allows you to offer suggestions, but still take advantage of Meta's machine learning processes to find the best possible audience and put your ads in front of.

Many, many Facebook advertisers are now using open targeting, which is look, just advertise to everyone and you go ahead and work it out. Basically when it comes to targeting now, as long as you don't make a big mistake, like overriding the systems and only targeting a really small audience, you're fine. Your ads are reaching the right people.

A lot of advertisers, if they aren't getting great results, they think, oh, my ads just aren't reaching the right people. They are. It's other elements that you need to fix.

And this ties into a previous point where it's easy to change targeting. It's much more difficult to recraft an offer or reshoot high quality video ads. But those are the things that you need to put your time and effort into because that's where you can get your competitive advantage.

It's not targeting anymore. The single most important setting in your Facebook ad campaign is the performance goal. Now this used to be the campaign objective, and it's still important that you choose the right campaign objective, but all that really does is narrow the selection for your performance goal.

And you can still undo the good work you do from choosing the right campaign objective by choosing the wrong performance goal. So most of the time, I'd recommend that Facebook advertisers choose either sales or leads as their campaign objective. But it's very important that then when you get into the ad set level and you take a look at the performance goal, that you don't then go and mess it up by optimizing for link clicks or impressions or daily unique reach or one of the other things.

You want to optimize for the thing that you really want, which is most likely a purchase or a lead, depending on your business. And just to show what a big deal this is, Meta's released some data saying that if you want purchases, the difference between even within a sales campaign, optimizing for link clicks versus actually optimizing for conversions and then making sure that it's the purchase conversion event is 74%. So by optimizing properly and optimizing for purchases, if you want sales, you get 74% more sales with the same budget than if you optimize for link clicks, either using the traffic objective and then following that through or using one of the other campaign objectives and then overriding the default and going with link clicks.

That's a really, really big deal just from a little tweak there. So absolutely make sure that your performance goal is aligned with what you really want from your ad campaign. Cost per conversion increases as you scale.

Now a lot of advertisers feel like this shouldn't happen or actually they incorrectly assume the opposite that or once I'm spending more, I'll get a better cost per conversion. That's unlikely to be the case unless you've got issues with exiting the learning phase, but that's relatively rare at this point. The reason why as you continue to spend more, typically your cost per conversion is going to get worse, going to get more expensive is because Meta is so good at finding what I call your hyper-responsives.

So the people that are most likely to buy, most likely to become a lead, literally within the target area that you're advertising to, they will find the best possible people. So when you're spending a small amount of money, you might be saying to Meta, look, advertise to the best thousand people a day possible in my audience that are so interested in my thing, that are actively Googling it, that are part of Facebook groups about this product or this hobby or this service or whatever, that are sending out all these signals to show they are absolutely ready to buy. And then as you spend more and more and more, you're then saying to Meta, okay, yeah, I want you to advertise to those thousand people, but I also want you to advertise to another thousand people a day.

And Meta's like, okay, we can do that, but obviously those people aren't going to be quite as good, still going to be good, but not quite as good as those core hyper-responsive prospects. And then that carries on and you get to 5,000 people a day and the people you're now advertising to, again, you've still got that core, but there's only so many of them. So the more and more you spend, the less of those hyper-responsives there are as a percentage of the people you're reaching.

And then you get to 10,000 people a day and 100,000 people a day, and you're getting broader and broader and broader. So this is something that you, this is just, this is not something you can change. This is something that inevitably happens.

The solution, if you're running to this as a problem, is to make sure that your ad campaigns are successful enough at lower budget levels. In other words, you have enough margin. So let's say you're aiming for a 3X ROAS, but you're, that's what you're, that's what you would accept, but you're currently operating with a 5X return on ad spend.

Okay, fine. We can scale. And yes, our 3X is going to go to a 3.2 and a 3.4 and a 3.8 maybe, but that's still fine because that's still really nicely profitable for our business.

And if you do scale and reach a point where you're like, yeah, our ROAS or our cost per conversion isn't where it needs to be. You can stay at that budget level, improve your campaigns, better offers, new ad creative, and then look to scale again from there. That's how this works.

So it's something to be aware of. It will happen. It's inevitable.

And it's all just about improving your ad campaign so that it has less of an impact because I would rather a business that operates with a higher cost per conversion, but generates way, way, way more customers, because even if your profit margin on those new customers acquired might be a lower percentage, if you get five or 10 times as many of them, the overall profit you actually make is going to be much higher. You build a customer base, things we've already talked about, than the opposite. And that holds a lot of advertisers back.

They don't scale because they see their ROAS getting worse. They see their cost per conversion going up and they think they're doing something wrong. Nope.

It happens. It's all about better ad campaigns. And at some point, you need to decide on a trade-off.

You need to go, okay, I'm going to cap out here because there is a trade-off between scale and profitability. If I keep spending more and more and more, we will achieve larger scale. We will get more customers, but our profitability might drop.

And there's a line there for every advertiser. And it's going to depend on you and the business objectives and all that sort of stuff. There is a trade-off there, but that's the dynamic and something to be aware of.

Don't be lazy. Customize your ad creative for the different placement options. Yes, you can just use square images and videos across all placement options.

It'll obviously look fine on the feeds and it will look okay on stories, reels, et cetera. But it only takes a bit of extra effort to create new versions of the media that work really nicely vertically, obviously work for feeds and square or squarish format. And then you've got your landscape setup as well.

And it just doesn't take that much extra effort, but the results can be well worth it. And actually when we create video ads, sometimes we will record multiple versions. Like we record a vertical version, we record a landscape version because we know it's going to look different in the edit when it comes out.

And we will actually create different video files for even within the vertical options for stories and reels, because we want to put the captions in a different place for reels versus for stories because we feel like it looks better. That sort of stuff is like the extra, you know, one, two, five percent that you get than you'd expect from, you know, a meta ads agency. When you upload your media and you go through the process, you'll see there's like three main groupings of ad placements and formats that meta wants.

Create something that looks good in all three. It's worth the effort, just takes a bit of extra time and can improve your results. The most important part of a Facebook ad in order are the offer.

The offer is the single most important part. You could have a really poor Facebook ad that delivers fantastic results if the offer's good enough. Can't work the other way around.

No matter how good the other elements are, if your offer's rubbish, no one's interested. They're not going to buy. Then it's your creative.

We've talked about that a lot already. Then headline. Then format.

Testing and working out which format works best for your business. Is it image? Is it video?

Is it carousel? It's really important. Then it's your primary text.

Then it's that CTA button. You want to get the language right in there. And then it's description.

Now, the reason why I like to list that out in order and create a list of the various elements of a Facebook ad is because that should be the priority in which you test and look to improve things. So start with your offer, particularly if it's not converting very well. Then move on to creative.

Then work your way down the list. You don't want to end up spending time, resources, testing, for example, the description or the text on the call to action button if you haven't got creative offers, headlines that are performing really well. Do those things first.

Those are the bigger needle movers. And then work your way down the list. Good advertisers copy.

Great advertisers steal. Now, I know that might sound quite extreme, but let me explain. An hour of research can save you literally months, maybe even years of trial and error.

You can use the Facebook ad library to take a look at the ads that your competitors are running, to take a look at the ads that people in similar niches are running to you that look like they're performing really well. And then you can model from those and create your own versions. They do need to be your own versions.

I'm being somewhat dramatic with the term steal, but I wanted to make the point. By modeling from what other advertisers are doing, you can massively shortcut your path to success, particularly if you're a beginner and you haven't worked out the nuances of your market and what ads need to do. You could just benefit from all that testing and research that another advertiser has done, particularly if it's one in a similar niche to yours, something that you can bring in that would give you a competitive advantage and make you stand out.

That could be such a shortcut to success, save you so much time and get you much better results. Data quality is crucial. Now, since iOS 14 was introduced a number of years ago now and other privacy measures have come into place, we've had less accurate data than we used to have.

And that's a real problem for us Facebook advertisers, because if we're getting less accurate data within our Meta ad account, it means that Meta struggles to optimize our campaigns properly. Meta needs to see conversions. They need to see who's taking actions in order to properly optimize and get us the best results possible.

That's really, really important. It also makes it more difficult for us as advertisers to analyze the data that we're using, that we're seeing, and then use that to create new ads to improve our results. If the data is not accurate, it's really difficult to know what's going on and to make decisions.

And honestly, the trend is only going to continue going this way as more and more privacy regulations and restrictions are brought into place. Now, the solution is Hyros. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads.

It's a software that all the big players, including myself, use. I use it to track the results that I generate from my own ads. I also use it for all my organic content as well, which is really useful.

So if someone comes through and books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy, and that allows me to make decisions in my business, which is really, really helpful. And let me quickly show you how important this is. So I'm in my Hyros dashboard.

I've isolated one of our Meta ad campaigns, and I've created a report for it so we can see the data, and you can take a look at this. So this campaign spent just under £2,000, generated £15,000 in revenue. But here's the really important bit, reported versus revenue.

And in this column, we can see £12,000. Now, what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated, Hyros has been able to report on the full £15,000, £12,000 of which Meta was not originally able to see. So if we're just looking within our Meta ad account, not using Hyros, we would have seen that £3,000 of revenue was generated from this campaign.

And that is not true at all. That is a much, much lower ROAS number than the actual £15,000 of revenue that was generated. For a number of years now, Meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were, because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect, and it's only heading that way.

It's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and track our results as we need to be able to do. This is a relatively extreme case. And the reason why is because Meta has a seven-day maximum attribution window.

And this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than seven days to make a decision on. So if someone clicks on an ad, they often won't convert within seven days, Meta's simply not able to see that data, and that's where Hyros comes in. The important thing is that you need accurate data, and Hyros takes care of that.

So if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Ad creative isn't either good or bad.

Ad, it operates on a scale. Now the best ad that you create in a thousand ads is going to be so much better than the best ad you create in 10 ads. Now the one out of 10 ad might still be a good ad, the one out of a thousand ad might still be a good ad, but the one out of a thousand ad is definitely going to produce much, much better results.

You might see, for example, that your best ad out of 10 produces a 2x return on ad spend, and your best ad out of a thousand produces a 10x return on ad spend, 5x more results for the same ad spend, and that's completely business changing, probably completely life changing. So don't think of it as like binary good bad. Think of it as how can I make this better?

How can I make this ad creative as good as it could possibly be? And the rewards for getting one from something that's already really good to an ad creative that's absolutely fantastic is enormous. I've seen businesses completely change.

I've seen whole industries be changed by one exceptional piece of ad creative. So don't underestimate the power and the importance of constantly trying to make that ad creative as good as it could possibly be and really sort of fighting for those marginal gains. If your ads aren't working, that might be because you're playing the wrong marketing game.

I'll explain what I mean. So when we're advertising our own marketing services, we are playing the trust game. We need to show potential prospects that we know what we're doing, that we can deliver fantastic results, and they need to trust that we can do that for them as well.

So how do we do that? In our marketing, we're using a lot of client testimonials. We're using a lot of screenshots from client ad accounts.

We're using a lot of proof. That's the marketing game. That's the single most important thing that we need to get right in order to get new clients for our done-for-you services.

But different businesses need to play different games. So let's say, for example, you had invented a new type of bicycle and you were trying to sell that. Well, in that case, you need to play the better game because you need to convince your potential customers that your new type of bicycle, new type of whatever, is better than the previous version, and they should therefore switch over.

There's other games. You could play the value game if you beat your competitors on price, if you're able to undercut them and deliver more value for the same price or for less. You could play the save time game if that's what your offer does, if it saves people time.

But the really important thing here is that you need to work out what marketing game you need to play with your own ads and then play that well. That can be difficult to work out sometimes. The fastest way is to test a whole bunch of options and you will find out.

Overcomplicating your Facebook ad account is easy to do and it's disastrous. So sometimes you add in so much stuff. You add in so many new campaigns, you're testing this and testing that, and you've just got so much running that meta gets thoroughly confused.

And when that happens, nothing works. You don't get any conversions or you get a really high cost per conversion, which you obviously don't want. So when you run into that scenario, which is easy to do, the best thing to do then is just turn everything off and then create one campaign with one ad set.

Use Advantage Plus Audience to make sure you don't overly restrict it. And then use your best offer from your best ad from all the previous ads that you run and just focus on that. Really simplify it down.

Give it a week. Don't mess around with it and just allow your ad account to stabilize. That very often brings results back, allows meta to go, OK, I get what we're trying to do here.

This is really simple. Optimize the campaign, produce better results, and then you can always look to add and make things more complicated again later on. But there are times we just need effectively an account reset and that's how you do it.

Only two Facebook ad metrics matter. ROAS, return on ad spend, and cost per conversion. And actually, you want to choose one of those depending on your business and optimize the vast majority of your decisions and the things you do within your ad account around that one metric.

Now, if you can track your return on ad spend, not all businesses can or they can't easily. If you're a service-based business, you're generating leads, much more difficult to reattribute that back. Whereas if you're an e-commerce business, for example, you can see your return on ad spend very easily.

But if you can, go for ROAS, go for ROAS. If you can't, then have a look at your cost per conversion. And then use that to do almost all of your analysis and a lot of your optimization decisions around.

So yes, there are lots of other secondary metrics you can dive into, but treat those as secondary metrics. If you want to look at your CTR to see if you can improve your ads or look at your hook rate to see if you can get people to engage with your video ads more or look at all these various other elements that you think, OK, how do we diagnose a problem? How do we find two things to improve performance?

Yeah, that's all fine. But what I don't want you to do is use any of those secondary metrics to override either your return on ad spend or your cost per conversion. So you never want to be in a scenario where you are turning off an ad that has a good return on ad spend because it has a low click-through rate.

That's backwards. If it's got a good return on ad spend, great. It doesn't matter if the other metrics don't look as good.

Now, if it's got a bad return on ad spend and a bad click-through rate, that's when you would go, OK, well, maybe that's why. Let's see what we can do to improve this. But really focus on one of those two most important metrics.

I don't fear the advertiser that has created a thousand ads for a thousand different products. I fear the advertiser that has created a thousand Facebook ads for one product. Imagine how good your Facebook and Instagram ads would be if you committed to creating a thousand ads for one offer, for one product or one service.

It would basically be impossible for your ads to not be some of the very best in your niche. If you just kept going and you made them and you took the time to analyze the results and you tried to make the next ones better and you did that process again and again and again until you made a thousand ads. We briefly touched on this earlier, but I really wanted to emphasize this point.

You'd absolutely be one of the best in the niche. Very likely you'd be the absolute best in your niche. Which leads me on to my next point, which is that when it comes to Facebook ads, all the rewards go to the very best.

And here's why. The best advertisers make more money from their ads, as in they literally get more purchases, more leads that convert into customers, etc. That allows them to spend more than their competitors so they can scale, they can acquire a lot more customers and grab a much larger market share.

They can also push up the price of advertising to the point where maybe only them or only the best advertisers are actually profitable. And that often creates a dynamic in many niches where there are a handful of advertisers that just get incredible results and enjoy all the rewards. And then a whole bunch of others that struggle.

Their advertising is not good enough to be healthily profitable at the market rate, at the market CPM for that niche that's been decided through the auction system based on what I just described. So you absolutely want to shoot to be one of the very best. That's where all the rewards are.

With that in mind, I'd recommend you pick niches that you can dominate. Because all the rewards in any niche go to the very best, it's important that you pick a niche that you have a realistic chance of being one of the best in. For example, if you wanted to run the best Facebook and Instagram ads in the global car market, basically impossible.

Like, think of who you're competing against and have some of the best marketers, huge budgets, like really, really difficult, right? But could you be the best Facebook and Instagram advertiser for patio cleaning in your local town? That would probably be quite easy to do.

So that's why they say there are riches and niches. Because by going niche, you avoid a lot of the really hard competition. You can speak more specifically to a certain segment of your audience, of your target market, really satisfy what they want.

And you can always look to broaden out later. But go small and then broaden out. Much easier to do it that way than the other way around.

And my next point is that you have to adapt with the Facebook ads platform. Since I first started advertising in 2013, there have been so many changes to the Facebook ads platform. It is completely unrecognizable now from what it was then.

And that's only a trend that's going to continue. Because Meta's constantly working to try and improve things to make it more efficient. So as advertisers get better results, so we spend more money, etc, etc.

So it's really important to stay up to date. I see comments on my YouTube videos all the time. I speak to Facebook advertisers all the time that are using strategies, techniques that used to work really well a few years ago.

And they're just out of date and don't work anymore. And it kills their results. So you have to stay up to date.

One of the best ways to do that is to subscribe to my YouTube channel. Because I constantly release videos on the changes and the latest things and keep people up to date. So that's a great way to do it.

And I'd also strongly recommend you check out this video. Because in this video I share a new Facebook ad creative strategy that I haven't talked about before. That's working really well right now.

Go ahead and check it out.