Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and in this video I'm going to show you three Facebook advertising tools that are really, really important, can really help you improve your results. In fact, in my mind there's three major parts to successful Facebook advertising. There's your targeting, there's your ad creative, and then there's your overall Facebook advertising strategy.

I've got a tool that's going to help you with each one of those three elements. So these are the three tools that we use as a Facebook advertising agency all the time. They really help us improve the results we get for our clients.

So with that said, let's get into it. So the first Facebook advertising tool that we use all the time is Audience Insights. It's completely free, it's something that Facebook provide.

When you're in Ads Manager, the way you get here is you just click on these three little lines at the top, and when you're in Ads Manager, go to All Tools and go to Audience Insights underneath Plan, and you'll come into this. You'll see a window that looks like this. Now the reason why this is so useful is it's fantastic for finding targeting options that are likely to deliver great results for your business.

Now if you've seen my videos, you'll know that I'm a huge fan of creating lookalike audiences based off previous customers. But there are a huge amount of people that watch my videos, that are advertising on Facebook, that are just getting started. They don't have previous customers, so how can they target a lookalike audience based off them?

In that case, you need to come into Facebook's Audience Insights tool and have a little play around and do some research. So just to quickly show you how this works, I'll include a link to another video that has a more detailed explanation of how to use Audience Insights, but I'm going to give you a quick overview now. So the first thing you want to do is come down to Interest and add in something that's closely related to your business.

So if we are a Facebook advertising agency, we wanted to advertise and reach people that are perhaps advertising on Facebook, interested in that, we could try something like Facebook Advertising. I know that that's not an option, and that might be the sort of thing that you see. You might put something in there, it doesn't really come up.

Okay, can't use Facebook Advertising, what could we use that's related? How about digital marketing? Okay, that's a bit broader of a topic.

That is an option. So this is people who are interested in business and industry online. Now once you've got something like that, you can start to see, you know, this is going to, the people that are interested in that are going to closely affect the people that are interested in our services.

You can see some interesting demographic data. You can see that it's roughly a 50-50 split, slightly more male. The best age range is 25 to 34, followed by 35 to 44.

This is all data that you can use to start narrowing down your criteria. You can see that they are more likely than average to be single. They are more likely than average to have college education or higher.

And you can see the sort of job titles they're likely to have. They're more likely to be in IT and technical services, computer mathematics. These things make sense.

Really useful information. So you can find out some demographic information. But what you can also do is you can select page likes.

And this is a really, really interesting thing. You can see the top categories. That's kind of interesting.

Go through that. So what I would recommend you do is go for affinity audiences. Now affinity down here refers to how likely your audience is to like a given page compared to everyone on Facebook.

So people who are interested in digital marketing are 178 times more likely to like the page digital marketer than the average Facebook user. Now what's fantastic about that is that these people, people who like the digital marketer page could be fantastic options for us to advertise to when we're first creating our campaigns. So we could create a campaign where we're targeting Facebook for business.

You know, I mean that's a really obvious one if we want people who are interested in Facebook advertising. But we could also try advertising people who are interested in GoPro. That's something that I wouldn't have otherwise thought of unless I'd have gone through this exercise.

People who are interested in Spotify. Who knew? A lot more different options down here that you wouldn't necessarily, you know, Tough Mudder, Beats by Dre, you wouldn't necessarily think that that's a digital marketing audience.

But according to Facebook, 100 times more likely to be interested. So when you're first going to start with Facebook, add something in your interests and then come, have a look at your demographic. If it's really, really male, really, really female, you can change things, etc.

Otherwise, click on page likes, come down, have a look at these and try targeting some of these options. You're likely to find a winner. So the first Facebook advertising tool that I recommend that we use all the time that help you dominate your market is Facebook's audience insights.

And that's exactly how we use it. Second one is surrounding the ad creative. Now, a lot of people just use Facebook's stock images.

So Facebook have teamed up with Shutterstock and you can just use their stock images in your ads. You can choose ones that you think are appropriate to your product services. If companies are product based, they often just use a picture of their product or a picture of their service in action, something like that.

All those things are great, but they're not enough. So we found that by far images perform a lot, lot better if you could overlay some text over the top. And that text over the top needs to emphasize the best benefit that the product or service has.

So if you've got an image of, let's say, a shoe, you're selling a particular type of shoe. Can you overlay some text over that image? Something really simple that has something like real leather, UK made prices starting from £30 if it's a particularly low price.

What's the main benefit? Is it the quality of the product? Is it the price point?

Is it the delivery? Is it your expertise? Put that, overlay that over your best performing images and you will almost certainly see an increase, an improvement in your Facebook advertising results.

The easiest way to do that is with this online tool. It's completely free to use. There are pro elements that I would recommend, but it's completely free to use.

You can upload your images into Canva and you can very easily add text, all different fonts, colours. It's super, super simple to use. We use it all the time.

All our Facebook advertisers, all the people that manage accounts for us in our company are well versed in Canva because they're creating creatives and images and things like that for our clients all the time. So my second free, these are all free, by the way, which is great. My second Facebook advertising tool that I'd recommend for your ad creatives specifically is Canva.

It's a very simple, it really is low hanging fruit to take images that are working and to just overlay some text that talks about your best benefit. Often we reiterate the headline, something like that. But just pop that in there, keep it under the 20% rule.

I can't show you any examples, I'm afraid, because obviously our client work is confidential. But it's very straightforward to do and really helps improve the results of your campaigns. I said, low hanging fruit.

Okay, moving on. The third Facebook advertising tool that I would strongly, strongly recommend that you use, and this one's really for your overall Facebook advertising strategy. This is what trying to work out, you know, you're not talking about specific targeting, you're not talking about your ad creative, your imagery, you're thinking about should I be using this offer?

Should I be using this three stage sales funnel? Should I be using this, that, whatever it happens to be. The Facebook ads library, which is quite a new thing, is brilliant for doing that.

Because what you can do is you can come in here and you can search some of the best performing competitors in your industry. You can click on those ads, go through to their landing pages, and you can see their exact sales funnel. So obviously the best place to come up with a winning Facebook advertising strategy is to think of the best performing companies in your industry, your competitors that you aspire to, that you want to be like, and think, what are they doing?

Let's model from their process. So if I go in here and I search for something, so if I click into here and I search for something like, let's search for ClickFunnels, as a perfect example. Really well known, fantastic software within the industry, highly recommend it if you're not using it.

And we get all this fantastic information. So I can search, I can filter by country, I can do the UK, I can do the US. I can see all the ads that they're running.

You can see obviously also, by the way, you know, when it was created, some other great information. But you can see the exact ads that they're running right now. You know, this ad started running June 5th, 2019.

Here's the copy. They're running this little video. They've got this headline, this call to action.

You can click on see ad details. All this information, you can click on that button. Click on One Funnel Away, it will take you through to the link.

In fact, let's quickly do that. Click on that there, it will take you through to here. And you can see, look, this is the exact sales funnel, the exact sales page, landing page that they're using.

Absolutely brilliant. I will pause this because that's going to... In fact, you know what?

I'm going to close this down because with me recording this and this video going, that's going to make it difficult. But you could come in and you can see the exact sales page, landing pages that these companies are running. So as I said, for Facebook advertising strategy, the best Facebook advertising tool you can use completely free is to come in to Facebook ads library.

So you just go to facebook.com forward slash ads, forward slash library. I'll include a link to it in the video description. Search for some of your competitors, perhaps words in your industry.

See if they're advertising on Facebook. If they are, you know it's going to be a viable channel for you. Oh, and by the way, one more thing I'll mention on the Facebook ads library is...

So these ads were created, you know, June 2019, which is when I'm recording this video. If I scroll down, keep scrolling, scrolling, scrolling, scrolling, I will find ads that were created in April, perhaps further back. If I keep going, we're back into March.

Now, the longer an ad has been running, the more likely it is to be really successful. You know, if a company created an ad two or three days ago, it's not necessarily sure that that's working really well. But if you go back to ads into three months, six months, a year old, the chances that those ads are producing profitable results are really, really high.

Because who would keep advertising on Facebook if something's not profitable? So the further back you can go, you can take a look at their ads, you can take a look at their entire sales funnel. This is a fantastic Facebook advertising tool for determining your Facebook advertising strategy.

So hopefully that video has been useful. As I said, three free Facebook advertising tools that you can use to improve the results of your Facebook ad campaigns. We use them all the time as a Facebook advertising agency.

It doesn't take very long to use any of these either. You can go in, have a quick look, and it can make a massive difference to your results. Before you go, I want to quickly tell you about my five part Facebook ad template you can download right now for free.

So this Facebook ad template contains some of the best performing ads we've created for a number of different clients in a number of different industries. And we've broken each ad down. We've explained what we've included and why we've talked about why we've used that headline, this image, that text, etc, etc.

You can download it for free. All you need to do is click on a link in the video description. That'll take you to a page on our website, and you can download it there.

And you can obviously model from these ads. If you're looking for better results from Facebook, this is almost certainly going to help you achieve them. If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up, share it, comment below if you've got any questions.

Don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel, and I will talk to you soon. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.