Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video, I'm gonna show you three Facebook advertising lookalike audiences that convert really well. Now, if you're not familiar with what a Facebook lookalike audience is, go ahead and check out a link in the video description to one of my other videos that goes through the entire process of how you create lookalike audiences, exactly what they are, and why you want to use them. Just quickly, a Facebook lookalike audience contains people that are very similar to another group of people.

So let's say, for example, you were to take your previous customer list. Everyone who's bought from you before. You upload that to Facebook, and you say to Facebook, Facebook, create me an audience, a lookalike audience, of people that are very similar to my previous customers.

And then Facebook will work out that your previous customers are, you know, on average 37 and female, and they live in this country, and you know, they are interested in these things. And they will use all those data points to work out exactly who to include in that lookalike audience, people that are very similar to the existing group. And then you can advertise to them, and because of that, they perform incredibly well.

Lookalike audiences, Facebook lookalike audiences, are nearly always the best cold audience targeting option to use when it comes to Facebook advertising. We see that 95% of the time across all the campaigns that we run for our clients. So, what I wanted to do is create this video, is talk about different types of lookalike audiences, specifically three Facebook lookalike audiences that work very, very well, because not all Facebook lookalike audiences are created equal.

Some produce much better results than others, and I often say to people, are you using lookalike audiences? And they say, yes I am. And I go, okay, what kind?

And they sort of go, what do you mean? Or, I'm going to lookalike audience off of this. And you think, well, that's not going to work anywhere near as well as a lookalike audience based off the right stuff.

So, what I am right now, is I'm in a demonstration Facebook ad account, I'm in Ads Manager, and I've come into audiences. So, if you're wondering, you know, where's this, I've never seen this sort of thing before, if you click on the three little lines up here, scroll down to All Tools, and you should see Audiences under the Assets tab. If you click on that, then you will come through to the page that I'm looking at right now.

Now, because this is a demonstration account, I've gone ahead and created a bunch of different custom audiences. Now, basically, when I talk about different types of lookalike audiences, I'm talking about different sources. So, for a lookalike audience, you need a source audience, a base audience, okay?

The process of creating a lookalike is exactly the same every time. But the source audience is different, okay? So, my absolute, I'm gonna do this in order.

So, my first and absolute favorite lookalike audience to create, is one that's based off of previous customers. Specifically, ones that have already bought the product or service that I'm looking to advertise. The best people to advertise to, nearly always, 95% of the time, is a lookalike audience that have, when it comes to cold audiences, is a lookalike audience, that is based off of people that have already bought that product or service.

So, I'm in my Facebook ad account. I've created an example audience here of, let's say, product purchases. Let's say I'm advertising a specific product.

I've created a custom audience here, product purchases. That's the first step. Again, if you're not familiar with how to create custom audiences, there'll be a link in the video description.

Then I wanna come in. I wanna select that. I want to click on these three little lines.

Create lookalike. Then I go ahead and enter in my target location. So, let's say I wanna advertise in the United Kingdom.

All of these details are covered in that video I mentioned earlier. But let's say, for example, I wanna create a 1% lookalike audience, which is usually what I recommend starting with. Go ahead and click create.

And it is as simple as that. Now, Facebook's gonna take a bit of time to populate that audience, usually 30 minutes or so. But that audience is now gonna be a 1% lookalike audience in the UK, based off people that have previously purchased my product.

So, that's my first. That's the first Facebook lookalike audience that converts the best. It performs really, really well.

When it comes to cold audiences, you can really do better. Now, of course, not everyone has a lot of previous purchasers to use to create a lookalike audience. And for this sort of audience to be effective, you probably need, you need at least 100 people in one country.

But I see the best results when these, when this previous customer list, these previous purchasers, are 500 or more in that actual email list that you go ahead and upload to Facebook. So, if you don't have that, which a lot of people don't, let's say they're just getting started or they're just operating on a smaller scale, the next lookalike audience down, that also converts very well, that I then go to, is one that's based off an email list. So, an email list is obviously gonna include some of your customers, but could include a lot of other people as well that haven't actually converted and gone and become customers.

Because of that, it's not quite as good a source audience as one based off previous customers, but it's still a very good source audience, because if someone's signed up for your email list, they're clearly interested in the products and services that you offer and the industry that you operate in. So, that's my next option. So, here I've created an example custom audience based off lead magnet opt-in, so people who have opted in for a lead magnet, effectively, people who are on an email list, within the last 180 days.

I can click on that and do the exact same process. So, I can go ahead and create a lookalike. Let's do the same countries, same country, let's do the UK.

1% again, create audience. Okay? Now, just a little side note, as that's the second lookalike audience I look to go to.

Let's say, for example, you had 100 previous customers, but you've got 2,000 people on an email list. If that's the case, the email list based lookalike audience might actually outperform the previous customer based lookalike audience. And that's simply because there's more people in the source audience, and the more people that are in the source audience, the more data Facebook has to find people to put in your lookalike audience, and to help improve the results you're going to get.

So, where this audience, sorry, where this audience is much larger than this audience, and this audience is, let's say, under that 500 mark, I will usually create a lookalike audience for both, and run both targeting options, and see which one performs best. You can easily adjust your campaigns after they've been live. Okay?

So, first lookalike audience to convert is one based off previous customers. Second is one based off your email list. Now, the third is one based off all website visitors.

Okay? So, people that have already visited your website. Now, again, these people aren't as engaged as people that have either bought from you before, or joined your email list, but they've also clearly shown that they're interested in the products and services that you offer.

Otherwise, they would not have bothered to visit your website in the first place. So, they are a good base. They're a good source audience.

How do you go about doing that? In fact, I'll go through the process. I'll show you how to create the custom audience as well.

So, you go to create audience, custom audience. You would go, in this case, to website traffic. Of course, you could have gone to customer list.

Or website visitors is what we can call this. When you're using a source audience for a lookalike audience, you want it to be as large as possible. So, I'm gonna go with 180 days.

Click create audience. Don't worry about that for a second. Click done.

Right, that's now a custom audience created. And when you have you create a lookalike audience, again, it's covered in the other videos I mentioned, but you need to create a custom audience first. So, then you can go ahead and select that.

Take that little box here. Click create lookalike. Let's do the same thing.

Let's go ahead and pop in United Kingdom in there. And then go ahead and create audience. Okay.

So, now we've got our three high converting Facebook lookalike audiences. We've got, at the top of the list, one based off previous customers. After that, we've got one based off email list.

And again, not all businesses have email lists. If you're just getting started, you won't have an email list. If you haven't done that sort of marketing before, you won't have an email list.

In which case, move on to website visitors. Usually doesn't produce quite as good results as this one and this one, but it's still a great option and will usually outperform other cold audience targeting options. So, this will usually outperform Facebook targetings based off interest, demographics, behaviors, and things like that.

Okay. Now again, if you don't have website visitors, if you're just getting started, then you won't, then I would look to focus on other cold audience targeting options. There are other lookalike audiences that you can create.

You can create lookalike audiences based off video viewers, based off people who've engaged with your Facebook page, but I wouldn't recommend it. Those people, in my mind, haven't demonstrated enough interest in your business, in your products and services, to warrant being a source audience for a lookalike audience. If you don't have any of these three options, these are the best ones, these ones convert, these ones we use all the time, then whilst you're getting started, focus on interest based targeting options and things like that.

I've created a video that shows you exactly how to do that, how to find targeting options using Facebook's audience insights tool. I'll include a link to that in the video description, so go and check that out if you don't have any of these source audiences to use. But that's what I would do to start with, then obviously once you've generated a couple hundred conversions, email opt-ins, purchases, maybe even website visitors, then you can go ahead and create that lookalike audience based off of this data, which doesn't take too long.

So hopefully that video's been useful. Before you go, one thing I want to quickly mention is my five part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free. So this template includes some of the best performing ads we've created for a number of different customers, in a number of different industries.

You can obviously model from those ads. We've sort of broken each ad down into its component parts and explained what we've included in each and why. So if you're looking for better results on Facebook, you should find this tremendously useful.

So go ahead and download that. Link will be in the video description. It's completely free to do so.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up. I really appreciate that. Please comment below to let me know.

Obviously if you have any questions, put them in the comments below. I'm happy to answer all the questions. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel for all Facebook advertising related content, digital marketing related content that I release at least weekly.

Go ahead and subscribe and click the little bell to turn on notifications so you are notified when I next publish my videos. Best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns guys and I'll talk to you soon. Bye bye.