Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and in this video I'm going to talk about three campaign objectives that you should probably be using if you're advertising on Facebook. Now when you create a Facebook ad campaign, the objective, the campaign objective that you choose is really important because Facebook will optimise your campaign for that objective. So if you tell Facebook that you want conversions or you want brand awareness or you want video views then Facebook will optimise your campaign and put it in front of people that are most likely to take your desired action.

Of course most people that advertise on Facebook simply boost posts and that's great for generating engagement, that's great for generating comments, likes and shares but if you're not looking for those things, if you're looking for something else which a lot of advertisers are then that's not the campaign objective that you should be using. The most obvious campaign objective that people don't use that they should be using is conversions. If you're looking to generate leads or sales via your website then you should have a conversions campaign objective.

Now in order to use that properly you will need to have the Facebook pixel installed properly on your website with the conversion code. But once you do have that set up Facebook will then be able to optimise for people that do turn into leads that do turn into sales and this can have a massive impact on your Facebook ad campaigns. I would say that 80% maybe even 90% of all the campaigns that we run for our clients are conversion campaigns and that's a way that we can often get a quick and easy win for our clients when we do take over their accounts is by converting their campaign objectives from traffic or engagement to conversions.

So conversions is a campaign objective that nearly everyone should be using because almost everyone advertising on Facebook is looking to generate leads or sales at some point at some part of their advertising sales funnel. But if you're looking to grow your brand, if that's your primary objective on Facebook is to grow your brand then you should use the brand awareness objective. It sounds very straightforward and it is but it can make a big difference to your campaigns.

If you select the brand awareness objective then Facebook will put your ad in front of people that are most likely to recall your ad and that's of course what brand awareness is the ability to recall and remember a company and their products and services. And I would always recommend that businesses advertising on Facebook dedicate at least 10% of their total ad budget to brand awareness campaigns because the effects over the long run can be very beneficial. And if you've been following my videos for a while you'll know that I'm a big fan of using video content on Facebook.

I'm a big fan of Facebook video ads and if you've got a new video and you want to get that out to as many people as possible there's another very simple campaign objective that you should be using for that and that's video views. Selecting Facebook ad campaign objectives is not rocket science. It's very simple.

You just treat it like a menu at a restaurant. If you want as many video views as possible you select video views. If you want to grow the awareness of your brand you select brand awareness.

If you want leads and sales you select conversions. But most people don't do that so it's really important that you do just very quickly take the time to think what is it that I actually want from this Facebook campaign? What is my objective?

And go and select the one that's most appropriate. So depending what you're looking to achieve on Facebook those are three campaign objectives that I would strongly recommend you use. And if you are looking for help with your Facebook ad campaigns then my company Lead Guru is a digital marketing agency that specializes in Facebook advertising.

We've created many different campaigns using all the campaign objectives including the ones that I've quickly mentioned here for many different businesses in many different industries. So if you're looking to get better results from Facebook than what you're currently getting we can almost certainly help you achieve that. If you're interested in working with us you can let us know by leaving a comment below or simply click on the link in the video description.

That will take you through to the contact page on our website and you can obviously get in touch with us there. So best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns. Make sure that you use the right campaign objective.

Don't just boost posts and I'll talk to you soon. Bye bye.