Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about three ways to combat ad fatigue with your Facebook ads. How do you combat Facebook ad fatigue is a really important question to know how to answer as a Facebook advertiser. Because you may have had the experience where you've run a Facebook ad campaign and it's performed really well for let's say a couple of weeks or a couple of months or maybe even longer and then at some point the results start to drop off.

Now often, not always, but often the reason why your results start to drop off is because Facebook ad fatigue has set in. Your audience has become bored with your Facebook ads. Because you've got to think that when someone's scrolling through their Facebook news feed or their Instagram feed, if they think they've seen your ad before, they're immediately going to ignore it.

We're always looking for things that are new and interesting, it's what we're just naturally drawn to. So if someone's scrolling through their Facebook news feed and they saw your ad a couple of days ago and they remember that they saw it, they're going to go app seen this and scroll on past. And they're not going to pay attention, which means they're obviously not going to take the action that you want people to take as in becoming a customer, purchasing, becoming a lead, etc.

And therefore your costs are going to get much higher and your results in terms of your conversion volume is really going to drop off. So combating ad fatigue and preventing ad fatigue on Facebook is really, really important. And I've got three techniques that we use all the time as a Facebook ads agency.

So the first one is to refresh your ad creative. Relatively straightforward to do, very, very important, very, very effective. So let's say for example you're using a single image ad and advertising a product.

I would recommend that when you refresh your ad creative, you try and change the way your ad looks as much as possible. Remember we want it to look new and fresh. You could still advertise the same product here.

You could still use, for example, the same headline, the same ad copy, all that's fine, but just change the way it looks. Change the imagery. Now, the best way to do that is changing format.

So let's say for example you're using a single image ad, as I mentioned a second ago, can you use a video ad instead? Can you use a carousel ad or a slideshow? It's immediately going to make your ad look very, very different, even if it's actually advertising the same thing.

If you can't change ad format, okay, we'll change up your imagery and make sure your new imagery looks very different to imagery that you used before. So hopefully the colours are different. Maybe it's just a completely different style.

You know the sort of thing that I'm talking about. So that's technique number one to combat Facebook ad fatigue is to refresh your ad creative and do so semi-regularly. So we like to do so at a minimum once a month, but if we're operating with higher budgets, then we'll usually be doing that more like once every two weeks or once a week in some cases when we're going to refresh our creative to get ahead of Facebook ad fatigue.

Okay, tip number two is to increase the size of your target audience. So obviously if ad fatigue is set in and people are bored with your ads, adding new people into your target audience is really going to help that because those people haven't seen your ads before. It's going to be fresh.

It's going to be new to them. They're going to pay your ad a lot of attention and they're likely to take the action that you want people to take when they see your ad. So if you're using, let's say, a 1% lookalike audience as one of your targeting options, we'll try increasing that to a 3% lookalike audience and seeing, you may see that your ads start performing really well again if they have dropped off.

Likewise if you're using really, really specific targeting options, well can you broaden that out a bit? Instead of being super, super niche, can you go with slightly broader targeting option that contains a lot more people? And again, adding in those new people is going to really help combat Facebook ad fatigue and help improve the performance of your campaigns.

And then the third one, which is something you will have to do at some point if you advertise for long enough and if you spend enough money on your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, and that's you're going to have to change your offer. Now in some cases that's going to mean advertising a new product or a new service, particularly if you're an e-commerce company that's hopefully fairly straightforward to do to advertise another product from your range. If you're a service provider, if you offer multiple services, fantastic, offer a different service.

Let's say you just offer the one service, which a lot of service based businesses do, change the front end offer. So let's say right now you're offering a free consultation as your front end offer on your campaigns. Okay, well instead of a free consultation, can you take a part of your service and offer that on its own separately but for a much reduced rate?

So let's say your regular package is $5,000 and within that $5,000 you do all these tasks for your customers. Can you take one of those little tasks out and offer that for $50 or $100 upfront? It's going to be a new offer.

That will allow you to advertise to the same people. It's particularly important if you've got an audience that's converting really well, delivering great results. But because you're using new offers, it's going to be new, it's going to be fresh and you're likely to see great results.

So you may be able to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars, even millions of dollars on your Facebook ad campaigns, particularly if you operate nationally or internationally, before you need to change your offer. We've seen companies spend millions of dollars with just one fantastic offer, particularly as I said, if they operate across the US or a massive market like that. But at some point, you will need to change that offer if you get to that level.

So those are my three techniques, three tips on how to combat Facebook ad fatigue. You've got refresh your ad creative, which you want to do regularly, increase your audience size if you see things drop off, and change your offer. If you've tried those other two and you're trying to keep things going and you just can't get the results to bounce back up, you probably need to offer something else.

Okay, before you go, something else I want to mention, which is my Facebook ads mastermind group, which is my free Facebook group. Anyone can join. It's a fantastic community full of marketers, entrepreneurs, business owners that are looking to get fantastic results with their Facebook advertising.

As I said, free to join. There will be a link in the description below. You can go in there, you can ask questions, you can post ads for review.

There's lots of agency owners like myself and other Facebook advertising experts that are very willing to help you out. Fantastic community. We've got more than 10,000 members right now and it's growing really fast.

So we'd love to have you in there. Click on the link in the video description, go ahead and join and we'd love to have you. If you enjoyed this video, found it useful, please give it a thumbs up.

Comment below to let me know if you enjoyed it and if you've got any questions. And of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel if you haven't already to make sure you receive regular Facebook advertising related content and strategy and tips and things like that. I create videos like this, little short ones that are all about strategic level stuff, whilst about walking the dog.

And I also create sort of long form in-account videos as well that are more sort of in-depth tutorials to show you exactly how to specifically do things. So yeah, you should find that valuable. Thanks a lot guys.

Bye bye.