The only way to succeed with Facebook ads is with video. That right there is a myth. In fact, here are some results to prove it.

And I'm going to be debunking 49 more Facebook ad myths in this video to make sure that you aren't being caught out by information that's wrong or outdated. But to make it even easier for you and to make this feel less like a lecture, I've broken them down into what I call the five pillars of Facebook advertising. Like that's ever gonna happen.

And the first pillar of running successful Facebook advertising campaigns that get results like this revolves around targeting. And let's get started with you want to target as specifically as you possibly can with your Facebook ad campaigns. That is not true.

That's going to lead to audiences that are too small and worse results. That also leads into the next myth, which some people think, which is that you want to go with broad targeting, completely open targeting, not putting in any targeting options that always deliver the best results. That's not true either.

Sometimes you want to use that option, but it's not always the best way to go, particularly for new ad accounts. Myth number four is that lookalike audiences don't work post iOS 14. That's simply not true.

You just need to change the sources of your lookalike audience. Instead of using website visitors or external sources to Facebook and Instagram, you want to use in-app sources instead. And along those lines, my next myth is that retargeting is now pointless.

Again, not true. Definitely want to be retargeting with your Facebook ad campaigns, even if it is slightly less effective than it used to be. Wow.

Now, there are a whole bunch of myths around where you should and shouldn't advertise. You'll hear people say things like you should only ever advertise on the feeds and stories placements, or you should only advertise on Instagram and not Facebook, or you should only advertise in the big cities and not to the whole country. Those are all myths.

There are scenarios, many scenarios, where you do not want to follow the advice of any of those three. And myth number nine, only old people use Facebook. You just cost me a customer.

Now, that's clearly not true. We can see from the data that yes, Facebook has an older demographic, but it's not old. That's definitely an over-exaggeration.

It's also not consistent across the entire planet. There are countries where younger people use Facebook a lot more than they do in the US, for example, right now. And the other big thing that no one considers, older people have money.

The number one predictor of someone's personal net worth is age. You accumulate as you age. We all know this.

And yet, for some reason, advertisers always want to advertise to people that are 18, 19, 20, 22. And you think, What are you doing? What are you doing?

One of those things that I hear all the time just doesn't make any sense. Next myth is that short retargeting windows produce the best results. You see a lot of people creating their custom audiences from website visitors that visited in the last seven days, maybe even three days, because I think those are the people that are most excited about the product, most likely to buy.

And Facebook knows that. So guess what? If you create a custom audience targeting people who visited your website within the last 90 days or longer, Facebook's going to start by advertising people that visited in the last few days, get the best results it can out of those, and then extend to the rest of the audiences.

Not a big fan of short window retargeting audiences. There's just no point. You want to expand those out.

And whilst you have the contingent that say you should only advertise on Instagram, you also have those people that say you should not advertise on Instagram. This is certainly a myth and definitely outdated advice. It used to be the case that you would get your best results by far from Facebook.

That's not the case anymore. The vast majority of businesses want to advertise on both platforms. And then if there's one Facebook ads targeting related myth that is the most pervasive throughout the community, it's that targeting is the only thing that matters.

This is simply not true. You absolutely have to get your creative right, your offer, all the other things I talk about. You can't just find the right audience.

A lot of people believe that if they just find the right people, they're going to get fantastic results. That's a myth. You can't do it.

You need to have the other parts in place as well if you want fantastic results. So let's move on to the next pillar of Facebook advertising, advertising strategy. And there are tons of myths around advertising strategy.

The first one is that you have to start with a traffic campaign in a new Facebook ad account. You can't run a conversions campaign. You can't optimize for what it is that you actually want.

You have to go for something different. Seriously? This has never made any sense to me.

And when we've tested it, it's not true either. You can absolutely run conversion campaigns, sales campaigns, lead campaigns with a brand new ad account. Yes, your results aren't going to be fantastic because there's not a huge amount of data in there.

But guess what? That's the case if you have a traffic campaign and just sticking a whole bunch of link clicks into your ad account is not going to help inform your conversion campaigns later down the line. It's like training someone for a marathon by asking them to swim, swim lengths.

It doesn't make sense. You've just got to start as you mean to go on. For most Facebook advertisers, that means starting with conversions, sales, et cetera.

Next myth is that you have to duplicate a campaign when scaling. That's not true. Liar!

We increase the budget within an existing campaign that's doing well all the time. It's my preferred method by far. Don't have to duplicate.

And then there are a whole bunch of myths around what does and doesn't work on the Facebook ad platform. So you hear people say things like, you have to run complex sales funnels. You can't use, say, a direct offer strategy.

Not true. Or Facebook advertising only works for e-commerce businesses. You can't advertise a service-based business or a B2B business.

Again, not true. In fact, some of the best results that we ever see are from service-based businesses because their average customer value is often so high. If you sell a service that costs $20,000, for example, $20,000.

It's really easy to generate leads very, very profitably when each customer converted is worth that much. And then the big one, Facebook advertising doesn't work. Now, what people are really saying when they say that is, I couldn't get Facebook ads to work in the timeframe that I tested.

Which can be a tiny timeframe. People can often test Facebook advertising for three days, five days, seven days, not produce great results and just declare it doesn't work. They don't think, maybe I'm just not good enough at this yet.

Maybe I haven't learned the skills and develop the techniques to get this to work. They're expecting to walk into a brand new field and be operating at an expert level immediately. That's very naive.

People do it in Facebook ads in ways that they never do it with anything else. You'd never go start a new sport and expect to be amazing at that and produce fantastic results in that sport after five days. Why people do it with Facebook advertising?

I don't know, but they do. Millions of advertisers generating billions in revenue for Facebook and themselves. That's a big one.

You hear it a lot and it's just misinformed. Then, of course, you have the other end of the spectrum where you'll have people, believe that you can sell anything with good enough Facebook ad campaigns. And that's just not true.

If your product, service, et cetera, is not appealing enough to real people, the people that you're advertising to, it doesn't matter how good the Facebook ad campaign is, it will not work. It's as simple as that. It's the same with all marketing.

You have to market a product or service that there is demand for at the price point at which you're selling it. Next myth is that Facebook page followers or page likes don't matter. And that's not true.

They used to be much more valuable. And that's where this myth comes from. But they're still valuable because they give you credibility as a business.

You don't want to be advertising a page with no followers. When your ads pop up, people come check it out. You don't look like a legitimate business.

They do matter for credibility, if nothing else. Facebook advertising best practices and strategy changes every five minutes. Well, of course that's not true.

People think it is. I get comments on my videos all the time saying, this video was six months old. Does this still work?

The answer is nearly always yes. The details around the edges change, but strategy and best practices, that's consistent, has been for years, will be for years, because we're advertising to people and people are motivated to take action based on the same stuff as they were 100 years ago, as they are now. Here's a myth that you'll hear from a lot of people that are trying to sell a one size fits all solution.

And that's that there's one Facebook ad strategy that works for everyone. No, you need to sell a $10 e-commerce product very, very differently to a $50,000 consulting package. And there's obviously everything in between.

You need different strategies. There's no one size fits all. A lot of people believe that there are tons of Facebook advertising experts out there, or that they've hired a true Facebook advertising expert.

And that's just not the case. There are lots and lots of people that offer Facebook advertising services. How many of those are true experts?

They've done the experimentation. They have the experience. Very few.

No one uses Facebook anymore. Again, what that person is really saying is, I don't use Facebook anymore. And that might well be the case.

And that's fine. But to extrapolate their situation to everyone is completely unrealistic. We can see the data that Facebook still has an absolutely monstrous user base.

Just because you don't use something doesn't mean that everyone's doing the same thing that you are. People ignore Facebook ads because they are ads. And a lot of people think that they're not affected by ads.

They don't buy based on ads. And it's just not true. We can see from the data that you put ads in front of people, you get clicks, people go and purchase.

That's a myth that just really needs to die. Whoa, calm down, Jamal. The next myth is based on a belief that a lot of Facebook advertisers have.

And that's that if other Facebook advertisers leave the platform, you should too. This is complete herd mentality. The idea that there being less advertisers on Facebook, that that means that Facebook advertising is about to die and you should leave.

It's crazy. The best case scenario for every single Facebook advertiser is that every other Facebook advertiser leaves. You are the sole advertiser.

The cost of Facebook advertising falls to practically zero and you can hoover up all that attention, all those impressions for next to no budget. You don't want there to be more Facebook advertisers. You absolutely want there to be less.

That reduces costs and makes it more profitable. Literally, if all Facebook advertisers left tomorrow, you could become a billionaire in a few days. Because the cost of advertising versus the people you could reach would be insane.

So if you hear or see other Facebook advertisers leave, just enjoy that your results are going to get better as a result. Myth 29, Facebook advertising is easy. Facebook advertising is not easy.

It's a competitive environment. The best advertisers get the best results. By far, you need to know what you're doing from a creative standpoint, strategy standpoint, etc.

If you want the best results. Now, before I tell you about the other myths, I just want to quickly let you know that if you want better results with your Facebook ad campaigns, I strongly recommend you check out a free webinar I've created on Facebook ad strategy. Link is in the description below.

Go ahead and check that out. Let's move on to the myths I hear all the time around another pillar of successful Facebook advertising. And that's creative and offer.

With this first one being that high quality ad creative is difficult to produce. Now, it can be difficult for you to create if you don't have the skills. But there are tons of people that do have the skills that really don't charge much for their time.

You could use something like Upwork, Fiverr, and hire someone to put really nice video together for you, slideshows, imagery, etc. for very little money. It's well worth the investment.

And it really is the easy way to go about doing something like that. The next myth is that home recorded style videos, selfie style videos, produce the best results. And that's not true.

You can get great results with those. You can also get great results with much more polished, professionally produced videos. Myth 33 is that branding doesn't matter when it comes to Facebook ads.

Again, not true. Give me one business that has an established brand and one business that doesn't run the exact same ads to the exact same audiences. And the one with the established brand is definitely going to get better results.

There are also some myths around things you have to do to succeed with Facebook ads. Like you have to send people to your website. Or you have to have lots of social proof on your ads.

Or you have to use a discount in your ads. I can think of scenarios where all three of those have not been followed and we've gotten great results. Okay, moving on to the fourth pillar of successful Facebook advertising is budget and finance.

The first myth in this category being that Facebook ads can be scaled infinitely. To infinity and beyond. No, they can't.

You are advertising to real people and there is a finite amount of people that are going to be interested in your product and service. Now, you might be able to scale massively, but not infinitely. Myth 38 is that you can only scale in 10% budget increments.

Not true. You can certainly scale in larger increments than that, particularly if you're using lower budgets. Next myth is that you should always use campaign budget optimization.

Now, I'm a fan of campaign budget optimization, but should you always use it? Absolutely not. Cost caps reduce your cost per conversion.

That's a myth. Cost caps actually reduce your ad spend if you're not able to reach your target cost per conversion. Quite a different thing.

Myth number 41 is that you need to spend more if you want to target larger audiences. And that's just not how Facebook advertising works. Here's a good one.

Facebook ads only works if you have a large budget. Again, that's not true. And it's an excuse, isn't it?

It's people who don't have a large budget who weren't able to get their campaigns to work using that as an excuse as the reason why. Facebook ad campaigns absolutely can work with a small budget. In fact, I recommend you starting there before you scale.

The next one is that Facebook advertising is too expensive. Now, that's a myth. The truth is that you need to find a way to be able to pay more to acquire a customer.

There might be upsellers, increasing your price, increasing your customer retention, all sorts of ways to do it. But that's the variable you can control. The cost is out of your control.

Here's a myth that I hear all the time, that there's a correct Facebook ad budget. There's a right amount to spend. It leads to probably the most frequent comment that I receive where people are asking, how much should I spend on this campaign?

The appropriate budget for your business could be $1,000 a day. It could be $3 a day. It varies massively depending on where you are, what results you need to produce, etc.

There's no correct budget, no good amount for everyone. Okay, and then the fifth pillar of successful Facebook advertising is ad accounts and support. And I'm going to get started with a funny myth, and that's that Facebook bans ad accounts to get you.

There are so many people that really seem to feel that Facebook is out to get them, and that's why they're banning ad accounts. No, Facebook disabled ad accounts because they want to protect their platform. Do they get it wrong?

Absolutely. But they're not trying to punish you as an advertiser. With that said, you do need to watch out for these next few myths as well.

The first one being that recommended features within your ad account are always beneficial. That's not the case. Facebook will often recommend things that are within Facebook's interests.

Here's a good example, and lead me on to the next myth, and that's that Facebook reps are always helpful. They're just not. Often they will give you advice that's good.

Often they will give you advice that serves Facebook. For example, one of the most common pieces of advice you will hear a Facebook rep give is you should spend more. And they'll give all sorts of reasons for it, like it'll get you out of the learning phase, you'll be able to optimize better.

But at the end of the day, that's a business telling you that the way to solve your problems is by you giving them more money. You've got to be skeptical of that. The Facebook ads learning phase is the most terrifying thing the world has ever seen.

The amount of Facebook advertisers that are completely crippled by their campaigns being in the learning phase, never wanting to touch it, never wanting to do anything, never wanting to test new audiences, test new ads, all sorts of things that hurt their Facebook ad campaign much more than being in the learning phase or being in learning limited. Myth 49 is that Facebook only wants advertisers in North America, Western Europe, Australia, etc. Then they don't care about the rest of the world.

And that's clearly not the case. It would be very easy for Facebook to simply decide we're only going to let people in North America or Western Europe, etc. advertise.

They don't. They want business in other places as well. And that's going to continue to be more and more important to Facebook as a company.

And myth 50 is that Facebook hates small businesses and only wants to work with large advertisers that have large budgets. This is not the case. The majority of Facebook's advertisers are SMEs and actually the majority of their ad revenue taken as a whole comes from SMEs.

So even if they do things that you don't like, like ban your ad account, for example, they do care about small businesses. They are trying to make things work for us. It's not just the big corporations they want to work with.

That is a myth. So I mentioned it briefly before. The link to my free Facebook ads webinar is in the video description.

In it, I show you some of the Facebook ad strategies I use with my private clients to get results like this. Or if you'd rather book a call with my Facebook ads agency and have someone else do it for you, there's a link in the video description for that too. So whilst debunking Facebook ad myths is super helpful because now you know what not to do, it doesn't actually do anything unless you know the correct way to set up your Facebook ad campaigns.

That's why you need to watch this video here where I literally hold your hand and walk you through exactly how to structure your Facebook ad campaigns. Click on the video to go ahead and check it out. Click on the video to go ahead and check it out.