Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm gonna cover five Facebook ad mistakes that I see people make all the time and that make a massive difference to your Facebook ad campaigns. If you're making one of these five mistakes or a number of these five Facebook ad mistakes then your campaigns are unlikely to succeed and you're leaving a lot of money on the table. So what I thought I'd do to show you these five mistakes instead of just going in and just sort of explaining them is I'm going to go through an example campaign creation and show you where those mistakes show up and what you want to do instead.

So here I am inside Facebook Ads Manager and I'm gonna create a new campaign as I mentioned. So I'm gonna go ahead and click create and so the very first mistake that I see people make all the time when it comes to Facebook advertising is they don't use the right campaign objective. So I'm just gonna give this a campaign name of example campaign.

If you've been following my videos you've heard heard me talk about this before don't worry I'm gonna get to some other ones shortly but most people just go with traffic because as you can see that is the default that is used within Facebook. Now if you want traffic in other words if you're advertising an article or a blog post and you want to send as many people to that website as possible and that's your end goal fantastic use traffic. If you want something else don't use traffic.

If you want conversions if you want people to come through to your website and make a purchase or come through to your website and inquire and become a lead use conversions. The conversions objective is the one you want to use. There are lots of different other options obviously in here make sure you select the one that best describes the action that you want people to take.

If you want people to watch a video and that is your end goal you don't want to do anything after the video use video views. If you want them to convert after video use conversions. If you want people to engage with a post use post engagement etc etc.

Don't just use traffic use the one that best describes what you want that might be brand awareness that might be reach getting as many people as possible. If you want more information about each Facebook ad campaign objective I'll include a link in the video description check out that video you can see them more. Most people when they're using traffic should be using conversions.

So that's mistake number one use the right campaign objective. Now I'm just going to quickly create some example stuff here and then we're going to go through each example. The first of the five Facebook ad mistakes I'm going to cover is at the campaign level right at the beginning campaign and I've actually done some experiments with that the difference between let's say traffic and conversions if you want conversions and it's huge.

So we saw about 40% difference with identical campaigns just by changing the campaign objective. Now if you're going to increase the profitability of your Facebook ad campaigns by 40% by avoiding one Facebook ad mistake that's well worth doing. Okay that's the first one.

Second one let's head into the ad set level. So the second one is getting too obsessed. I'm going to scroll down it's not in any of these settings here I'm just going to focus on the parts that are really important.

Getting too obsessed with interest demographic and behavior targeting options. Facebook has some fantastic targeting options and people want to get really specific and they use lots of different interests and and things like that. Oh I want people that have this car or people that are interested in this thing and etc etc.

Usually 90 plus percent of the time the best Facebook targeting option you can use is a lookalike audience that's based off of previous customers and you can use that enter it up in here. So for example if I pop in lookalike a bunch of lookalike audience is going to come up in my account. I put in S when I shouldn't.

In fact actually I'm searching for that wrong because of course here we go. So we've got look lookalike based off leads over the last hundred and eighty days. We've got lookalikes based off video viewers, lookalike based off website visitors etc etc.

The best audience you can use most of the time, nine percent of the time is lookalikes based off previous customers. Now if you don't know how to create a Facebook lookalike, if you don't know how to set that all up again another video link will be in the description below. Go ahead and check that out.

I've created a video that shows exactly how to do that well worth a watch. So that's Facebook ad mistake number two is not using lookalikes particularly lookalikes based off previous customers. Okay with that said the third Facebook ad mistake that I want to cover is another one to do with targeting and it's that people make their audiences too small.

So now I've just mentioned lookalikes. Let's say we were to pop a lookalike, let's just pop a lookalike in here. Okay let's go with one percent based off previous leads.

Now when most people create lookalikes they create one percent lookalikes which is fine if you're advertising on a nationwide or international basis. You can see that with this one percent lookalike my potential reach is still four hundred twenty thousand because there's roughly forty two million Facebook users in the UK. So that's absolutely fine but if we were to advertise on a local basis let's say that my business you know I'm based in Sirencester so let's go which is a relatively small town in the UK.

Let's say I need to actually spell it properly let's try again. There we go. Sirencester in Gloucestershire.

Now let's say I was a local business like a dentist I just wanted to advertise to people that were ten miles maybe even less than that. Now you'll see that that audience is just sixteen hundred people when we're using a one percent lookalike. That is far too small.

If you're a local business you really need to watch out for audiences that are too small. So if you're using lookalikes I would recommend instead of a one percent let's change that out for a ten percent and you can see that it's probably going to be around ten times larger. Fifteen thousand.

Fantastic that's a lot bigger. Fifteen thousand is still too small. So if I'm advertising a local business in a relatively unpopulated area a part of the world like this then I'm not gonna go ahead and use a lookalike.

I'm gonna take that out and I may if I'm a local business just run completely open targeting. So for ten miles around my location there's only 130,000 people. I may not be able to add in any other targeting criteria interest demographics or anything like that.

What I might do if I'm a dentist is let's say go with people that are 30 plus, male and female that's gonna reduce me down 96,000. But you see the sort of thing I'm saying about don't make your audiences too small. I'm really reluctant when I run campaigns Facebook ad campaigns for businesses to advertise to audiences that are less than a hundred thousand people.

That's if they operate on a local basis. If they operate on a nationwide basis and more internationally then I want a much much larger audience. Ideally 250,000, 300,000 plus.

Facebook ad campaigns work better when you have larger audiences because of the way their bidding system works. If you go for a really specific group of people Facebook say yep you can advertise these people but you're gonna have to outbid all the other advertisers going for that specific group. Whereas if you advertise to a much larger group we can find people within that audience that are less expensive to advertise to.

So yeah so Facebook ad mistake number three is two small audiences and make be very very careful if you're advertising on a local basis because that's where I see it the most. The other time I see it is where people don't use lookalikes that I mentioned that you should go down the way. They don't use lookalikes like I mentioned you should up here.

They go ahead and use lots of different interest and demographic information and they narrow it and they have layered interests and again if your audience is too small your campaign won't succeed. It will really affect the profitability of your Facebook ad campaigns. So Facebook ad mistake number three is make sure your audience are not too small.

If in doubt larger is better. Don't worry about being too specific. Facebook's very good at working out who within your audience is now likely to buy.

Okay let's um there are some obviously mistakes you can make down here but I just want to cover five not make this video too long so I'm gonna go ahead and jump into the ad. We've covered the campaign there's one mistake that I think is really bad at the campaign level two that I've mentioned at the ad set level and then at third level is the ad itself. So let's go have a look and dive into this and cover those those two mistakes.

So the first mistake that I see at the ad level is really about the offer. The single most important component to getting a Facebook ad campaign to work and perform really well is what you're offering. If you are advertising something let's say a product that's not that impressive it no differentiating factor to anything else it's very unlikely to work.

If you're advertising a product it needs to be unique in some way. Perhaps it's the best price product for what it is in the market. Perhaps it's got all these extra features.

Perhaps it's designed really nicely and different to competitors but you need to offer something if you're offering a product that is different to what your competitors offer and better in some way. Otherwise people just are not going to take action. Everyone knows that you can just jump on Amazon and buy products really easily.

So why is your Facebook ad gonna stop them from what they were originally intending to do which is spend a bit of time on Facebook, check out what their friends are doing, have a look at some funny videos and instead purchase your product. It really needs to stand out to get them to do it. There needs to be a reason I said.

Could be price, could be design, could be extra features. There's lots of different ways but put a lot of time into working out which products you're going to advertise on Facebook. They have to be special.

That's on the product side of things. The service side of things I think is even worse because a lot of product providers do really work hard at making sure their products stand out. With service providers there's a lot of people that offer very similar services.

Me included. I'm a Facebook advertiser and there are tons of people that offer Facebook advertising services. Just like if you're a lawyer or a plumber or whatever it happens to be.

There are going to be tons of other service providers that offer a very similar service to you. You might offer a better service and I hope you do but they offer a very similar service to you and again if you're advertising your services on Facebook why is someone gonna work with you instead of with someone else. So I'm a big fan of offering something that's gonna really stand out and differentiate yourself otherwise your campaign is very unlikely to work.

Now with service providers what I like to do is offer a massive discount. So we're working with a service provider at the moment that offers 50% off their service. For the first time it's a service that lends itself quite well to repeat business but for the first time that you get to use a service you get 50% off.

Now not a lot of service providers are willing to do that because of that we're generating leads for three four pounds very very inexpensive. Campaigns performing very well but that's something not a lot of service providers are going to do. Now this business doesn't make much money in fact they roughly break even on that first transaction after they paid their people etc etc they make around about 50% but they know that people are going to come back.

If they can deliver a great service people are going to come back and they're going to pay full price. So something like 50% off is a fantastic offer for service providers. Another great offer is to offer part of your service for free.

So perhaps you know let's say for example us as a Facebook advertising agency. Perhaps we will charge for the ad creative for doing all the graphics and designing that but we will set up their campaign, set up their targeting, install the Facebook pixel on our website all for free. Something like that.

Again we might not make much money on that first transaction but if the campaign performs well they like our service they then may come back and use us again and again. It's much better if you're a service provider to, it's much easier to say if you're a service provider, to break even on the first transaction but get people to take action because the offer is so good and then make money over the long run as you work with them again, you deliver a fantastic service etc. than it is to try and generate, try and make your Facebook ad campaign you know deliver five times return on investment on the front end.

Because if you do that you need to charge high prices and that just doesn't stand out. So the fourth Facebook ad mistake that I see people make is they're just trying to offer their products or services that don't stand out. You need to offer stuff that stands out, come up with a great offer, doesn't always have to be a discount particularly if you're a product.

You might have something that's better than your competition, that's designed nicer and but if you're a service provider how you're gonna stand out, how you're gonna differentiate yourself, how to think about that and come up with a better offer and test a bunch of different offers. If Facebook ad campaigns aren't working that's the first place to start. Test a few different offers, what can I offer, what could I really offer my customers that's gonna make them go wow.

Okay so fifth and final Facebook ad mistake that I often see when I take a look at Facebook ad campaigns that make a massive difference to their result is not refreshing your ad creative often enough. So you've if you've been advertising on Facebook for a while you'll have seen this phenomenon where you first launch a Facebook ad campaign it performs really well for a few days and then the results start to drop off. Now that can be because your audiences are too small that's a Facebook ad mistake I've already covered but it could also be because your ad creative, your imagery, your copy has gotten stale.

People have become bored with it. If that's a case you need to refresh your ad creative often. So how often you need to refresh your ad creative really depends on your audience size and how much you're spending.

Because if you're spending let's say fifty dollars a day and you're advertising to a hundred thousand people you're going to need to refresh that ad creative very often. Probably once a week, definitely once every two weeks. If you're advertising to five million people and you're spending you know ten dollars a day you could leave that ad right.

You could leave that ad running for a long long time you're not going to reach ad for tea. Likewise on the other end of it if you're looking to spend and we've worked with clients that are spending fifty a hundred thousand dollars a month. Even if you're advertising to millions of people you might have to refresh ad creative every other day.

Something like that. In which case at that scale you're probably going to be working with a professional Facebook ad agency like mine that has the resources to have the people constantly churning out new ad creative. But no matter what stage your campaigns are at some point you're going to need to refresh ad creative.

If you operate on a local basis it's going to need to be more often because your audiences are smaller. And if you're spending more it's going to need to be more often because your ad is reaching more people. Now when it comes to refreshing ad creative that might sound quite daunting particularly if you've got an ad that's performing particularly well.

But there's some simple things you can do. So the most visual element of a Facebook ad is the image. If you can change the image which doesn't take very long that can make a big difference to your Facebook ad campaign.

And what I'd like to do is have three or four ads running alongside each other at any one time. Because it just helps keep things fresh. Think about it when you see ads on TV.

You don't just see the same ad from the same company again and again and again. They you know they create new TV ads don't they? You see new variations of an existing theme.

You see whole new themes. And that's what you need to do with your Facebook ads because people do get bored. The issue with not creating your Facebook ad creative is obviously ad fatigue.

But why that's an issue is let's say someone's seen your ad in the morning. They were kind of interested. They checked it out and they thought I'm going to think about buying that product or service.

If they see it again in the in the afternoon they've already seen that ad. They just immediately go oh I've already seen that. I've already dealt with this.

I don't need to think about it anymore. And they scroll past. Whereas if it's got a different image they won't immediately recognize it as the same ad.

They might give it a bit more attention and therefore be more likely to take the action you want them to take. Some of the psychology around Facebook advertising and why fresh ad creative is so important is just because of that. So you'll often see when you first launch campaign great results then they drop off.

You'll also often see that when you add new ads in you could change your headline. You could change ad format. So you know you could come in here and instead of just running a static image you could click in here and try and create a video or try and create a slideshow.

If you are using image ads in fact I've selected it up here. You could use a carousel or a collection. There are lots of different options that you can use to basically say the same thing and advertise the same stuff.

But just you're just changing the packaging. You're changing the way you grab people's attention. And this is a big Facebook ad mistake.

And I get a lot of phone calls from people that say look we've been running Facebook ad campaigns. They worked really well for three months and we just can't get the same results. One of my questions would be how many different types of ad creative have you tried.

They've often tried different types of campaigns or they've tried messing around with the targeting. When actually it's the ad creative. And to be honest in 2019 the way to really succeed with Facebook advertising is to spend a lot of effort on your Facebook ad creative.

As I've already mentioned lookalike audiences based off previous customers is the way to go. For most businesses obviously if you don't have previous customers you want to go ahead and use Facebook's audience insights to find targeting options. I'll include a link to that in the video description because if you're just getting started you don't have previous customers go ahead and use that first.

And then in perhaps a month's time you can switch over to lookalikes based off previous customers. So check out both those videos in the video description. But the real difference maker what separates the pros from the amateurs is ad creative.

How compelling is your copy? How nicely designed are your images? What headline have you used?

All that sort of stuff. Now to get into the specific, I almost said that. To get into the specifics of ad creative and best practices and what you should do and all that sort of stuff.

You should go ahead and download my five part Facebook ad template completely free. Again there'll be another link in the video description. Go ahead and download that includes six ads that have performed very very well for various different clients in various different industries.

You can model from those ads, copy each. I've explained what we've included in each and why. In fact I'll also include another link to a video that basically breaks down that Facebook ad template.

So you can see me talking it through. It's been a very popular video and you can see what I think why these ads worked and why they might be able to work for you if you can model from them. So Facebook ad mistake number five is not refreshing ad creative often enough.

Now of course there are other Facebook ad mistakes you can make but if you avoid all five of those, you're well on your way to creating successful Facebook ad campaigns. Those are the ones that I see most often and the ones that really impact the results that you get. Check out the videos in the link description below.

Go through those. Find out what a lookalike audience is and use it. It's not very difficult to use.

If you're using traffic and need to use the conversion objective, go ahead and install the Facebook pixel. Check out that video. I show you exactly how to do it.

All the resources are there. There's no excuse for making any of these five Facebook ad mistakes and your Facebook ad campaigns will improve as a result. So just to quickly recap, the five Facebook ad mistakes are using the wrong campaign objective, not using lookalike audiences, particularly lookalike audience based off previous customers, making your audiences too small.

Don't go too specific, particularly if you advertise on a local basis. Not offering something awesome. Awesome offers stand out, make all the difference.

Don't worry about making money upfront, make it over the long run. And then finally, not refreshing ad creative often enough. Huge, huge mistake.

So hopefully you found this video useful. If you had, please give it a like. That'd be massively appreciated.

Don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel for more awesome Facebook ads related content like this. When you do subscribe, click the bell to make sure you get notified every time I release a new video. And I'll talk to you soon, guys.

Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Thanks a lot.

Bye-bye.