Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video I'm gonna give you five Facebook ad targeting tips to help improve the targeting options and the results that you get from your Facebook ad campaigns. Now, if you learn any sort of Facebook advertising, you'll have researched around the topic, you'll know that targeting is one of the most important components of Facebook advertising. It's one of the things that made Facebook famous as an advertising platform and had advertisers flocking to it was the specificity with which you could target prospects that are highly likely to be interested in your products and services.

Okay, so let's go through the list. So the first one, and probably the single most important one for me, is to target lookalike audiences. So lookalike audiences, for those who don't know what they are, I'll briefly explain.

They're basically an audience that consists of people that are very similar to another group of people. So let's say for example, I've had 1,000 previous customers. However long I've been in business, I've had 1,000 previous customers.

And I can take that list, I can upload it to Facebook, and I can say to Facebook, Facebook create me a lookalike audience of people that are very similar to my previous customers. And then Facebook will be able to use lots of different data points and they'll be able to create an audience that consists of people that are very similar, that have similar interests, similar ages, male, female, et cetera, et cetera. And as you can imagine, that audience is incredibly effective.

Who is better to advertise to than people that are very like, very similar to the people that have already bought your products or services, no one. That is going to be the best cold audience targeting option for the vast majority of businesses. Now with that said, not all lookalike audiences are created equal.

So people often create lookalike audiences based off video viewers, based off of people who have engaged with a Facebook page. Those lookalike audiences are okay, but a lookalike audience based off of previous customers or your email list or even website visitors, those three lookalike audiences are much more effective. So if you're not already using lookalike audiences and you have some warm audiences that you can use to create lookalike audiences from, things like an email list, things like website traffic or even previous customers, make sure you give lookalike audiences a go.

I will include a link in the video description to another video where I show exactly how to create the lookalike audience and sort of how to rank them and how to go about using them because as I said, it is a very, very powerful Facebook advertising feature. Okay, that's number one. Number two, this could be used in conjunction with lookalike audiences or instead of, you know, if you're just getting started and you don't have the warm audiences, you don't have an email list, you don't have website visitors, then you're going to want to use other cold audience interest, other cold audience targeting options, things like interests, demographics, behaviours.

The best way to find great cold audiences to target, because that's a question I receive a lot, is how do I go about finding, you know, these targeting options that I want to target? What I would recommend you do is use Facebook's Audience Insights tool. It's a free tool and what you can do is you can go into that tool and you can put in, you know, a keyword related to, you know, your industry.

So let's say for example I wanted to advertise to people that are interested in digital marketing. I could put in digital marketing into Facebook's Audience Insights and I could see the various pages and other options that people who like digital marketing are also interested in. It's called an affinity score and that helps give me a bunch of different options that I can use to work out, okay, so people who are interested in digital marketing are likely to follow Gary Vaynerchuk and likely to, you know, be interested in Social Media Examiner and all that sort of stuff.

I can then use those as interest targeting options. I can test those and you'll often find options in there that will perform really well and produce great results. So I strongly recommend you use Audience Insights.

That's tip number two. Again, I'll include a link in the video description below to another video of mine where I show you exactly how I do that within how I use Facebook's Audience Insights tool. So you can go ahead and follow that tutorial if you're not familiar with the free tool, Audience Insights, fantastic tool.

Would strongly recommend that you use it. Okay, those are the first two tips. Third tip is to only use one targeting option per ad set.

Now I see a lot of people creating Facebook ad campaigns and they bundle a lot of different targeting options into one ad set. So they may have, you know, five, six, seven different targeting options in one ad set. I wouldn't recommend you do that.

I wouldn't recommend you do that because it makes it very difficult to track how each one performs. I think it's much better to have one ad set per targeting option. So let's say there's five different targeting options I want to test.

Let's say I've done that Audience Insights research. There's five different targeting options I want to test. I would like in an ideal world to have five different ad sets, one with each one in.

And I'm going to do that because when I then go to analyse that campaign and make adjustments and optimise the campaign going forward, I can very easily see, aha, two out of those five performed really well, but the other three didn't. And I can pause the underperformers and just advertise to the winning to the best performing targeting options. If I bundle them all in, I don't know which ones of those produce the best results.

Okay. So it makes optimisation going forward a lot easier and that might sound fairly trivial, but it's not. Being able to accurately optimise and adjust the Facebook ad campaign is absolutely massive.

So trust me, set it up that way. It's really, really important and I think you're going to see, you know, much better results and much better, make your life a lot easier going forwards if you set things up that way. Okay.

That's tip number three. Tip number four is to not get lazy. It's very easy to get lazy with your targeting, to add in a few different targeting options and establish which ones work kind of well at the beginning and then just stop.

Never bother creating new targeting options. Never bother continuing to test new targeting options going forward. I've been guilty of this for sure.

I see it in a lot of clients' Facebook ad accounts, but it's not something that you want to do. If you stop testing and you get lazy and you basically say, I found the best targeting option and I'm just going to run with this, you are missing out on potential upside for sure. Because there's probably targeting options you haven't tested yet.

They're worth testing. If they're related to your industry, they're worth testing. That's the first part.

Number two, people who are included within these audiences, they change. So if you think that people within a certain age range, let's say you're targeting, I don't know, people aged 35 to 45, well in two years' time, 20% of that audience is going to be different. So when an audience didn't work for you perhaps two years ago, if you run a campaign for a long time, it might now work now.

So you want to retest. What constitutes someone is interested in something also changes. You know, so Facebook are constantly making tweaks to their interest-based targeting options.

They're saying, you know, okay, people who have interacted with this page will register them as interested in this topic. People who have interacted with this page, we won't. But they change their mind on that, of what constitutes, what makes someone included in an interest-based targeting option.

So, for example, you will often see, you'll go and have a look at an interest-based targeting option and perhaps there's 300,000 people who are being displayed as interested in that thing. So if you come back in six months or 12 months' time, that number could go up to 700,000 because Facebook have changed the definition around what it means to be interested in that thing. And, you know, obviously once they've changed that, that may then change the results that you get from targeting that audience.

So it makes sense to test and advertise to them basically to not get lazy, okay? That's tip number four. Tip number five is to retarget all your warm audiences.

So a lot of people say things like, oh, you should just retarget people who click ad to cart with dynamic, you know, retargeting campaigns or you should just advertise, you should just retarget people that have visited your website within the last seven days. Nonsense. Facebook's very good at working out who within your audience is most likely to take an action.

So what I like to do is bundle all my warm audiences into one big ad set. So I'm going to have, let's say, everyone on my email list who hasn't already bought the product, service and advertising, obviously. Someone who's visited my website within the last 180 days.

Bundle that all into one ad set and Facebook, as I said, will work out. They'll advertise to the people that visited your website yesterday first. That's where your budget will go first because Facebook knows those people are more likely to buy.

But you don't want to miss out on someone that visited your website three months ago that actually would be a perfect prospect for that product. You don't want to miss out on those people. Now that might sound contradictory because I've said bundle all your warm audiences, warm audience targeting into one ad set.

But that is actually very different to the cold audience set up. So where I said with the cold audiences, one targeting per ad set, that is only applies to cold audiences. So one lookalike audience per ad set, one interest targeting option per ad set.

But when it comes to warm audiences, I like to bundle them all into one ad set. So as I said, you can have website visitors, email list, et cetera, all in one ad set. Okay, so those are the five Facebook ad targeting tips I've got for you today.

A couple of things I want to mention before I go that you'll be very interested in. The first is my Facebook ads mastermind group. Free Facebook group.

It's got over 14,000 members. It's a fantastic community full of people looking to get better results with their Facebook advertising. There's hundreds of posts and comments every single day where people are asking questions.

They're getting them answered by experts, Facebook ads agency owners, people like myself. I would strongly recommend that if you want to get better results on Facebook, if you've got questions you want them mastered, go ahead and join. We'd love to have you.

There'll be a link in the video description. Just click on that, go through to the group, request access. I'll approve that request.

And as I said, we'd love to have you in there. The second is my five part Facebook ad template, which is something you can download for free. Now this Facebook ad template includes some of the best performing ads that I've created for a number of different clients in a number of different industries.

I've broken each ad down into its component parts and explained what we've included and why. So I've broken things down and said things like, you know, we've used this headline here because of X, Y, and Z and it performed well because of da, da, da, da, da. These are all high performing ads.

All these ads did really, really well. So if you want better results from Facebook, you're sort of struggling or thinking about how can I improve my ads, strongly recommend you download that completely free link in the video description. You can obviously model from those ads and it'll help you improve your results.

And then lastly, just before you go, is I want to quickly mention our Facebook advertising services, not something I talk a lot about in my videos. But obviously my company, Lead Guru, is a Facebook advertising agency. And if you're looking for better results from Facebook and Instagram advertising, you couldn't do any better than working with a professional agency.

You can check out our website. We've got tons of screenshots from clients' accounts and testimonials that show we've been able to produce fantastic results. Campaigns have generated tens of thousands of leads and generated a 20x return on ad spent, all that sort of stuff is there.

So yeah, so if you want better results from Facebook advertising and you're spending more than $3,000 a month, that's our cutoff point, then I'd love to have a conversation with you. So again, there'll be another link in the video description, lots of links, but they'll all be labelled so you'll know what's going on, where you can click through to there, click through to a page on my website where you'll be able to book a strategy session with me. We can have a quick conversation where I can explain how it is we work, how our services operate, I can get some more information about your business, we can basically see if we're a good fit and then look to move forward from there.

No obligation of course, but it'd be great to have a chat and see how things are going, see how we might be able to help you get better results. Okay, if you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up, don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content and I'll talk to you soon. Thanks guys, bye bye.