One of the most important parts of any Facebook ad is the copy. Your ad image might grab your audience's attention, but it's your copy that's going to convince them to take action and become a customer of yours. In this video, I'm going to quickly explain seven copywriting techniques that will help you generate more leads and sales from your Facebook ads.

Keep watching! Tip one is to write with one person in mind. If your ad is trying to appeal to everyone, then it'll end up appealing to no one.

It's best to write your ad copy with a single individual in mind. Imagine that you're talking to your absolute ideal customer and keep that person in mind as you write your ad copy. Tip two is to keep it simple.

Your audience should be able to work out what your ad is for within seconds of seeing it. Try to avoid long words because they can come across as condescending and complicated sentence structures can make your ad copy difficult to understand. Your ad copy should be easy to read and conversational.

Tip three is to use one call to action. I've seen a lot of ads that are asking people to do two or three things, when really the advertiser probably wants people to take one very specific action. Don't tell people to check out your blog or follow you on Twitter if what you really want is leads and sales.

Instead, tell them to buy your products and inquire about your services. Tip four is to tell a story. Why should people buy your products and services?

If there's a short story behind why your company was created or how you discovered the need for your products and services, then tell it. Stories add a personal touch to your ads and they will make your ads much more memorable. Tip five is to include price or discount information.

If it's relevant to your offer, then make sure you include price or discount information. Everyone loves a bargain and if your products are particularly price competitive, then make sure you show that upfront. Tip six is to be consistent.

You want people to recognise that your ads are from your business. So you want to be consistent with the tone of your ad copy. It's best to consistently be fun and playful or serious and informative with your ad copy.

And finally, tip number seven is to use scarcity. Any words that instill a sense of urgency will get your target market to respond. Including things like hurry, now, today only, for a limited time only, makes a massive difference.

I'm always surprised at how much of an effect scarcity has on the performance of a Facebook ad campaign. And nearly all products and services are scarce. You probably have limited stocks or a limited amount of time to fulfil a service.

So make sure you tell your audience that in your ads. And I'll talk to you soon guys. Bye bye.