It has been reported by multiple news outlets that Meta is planning to introduce an ad-free option for Facebook and Instagram users. Now on the face of it this seems like pretty terrifying news for us Facebook advertisers and Instagram advertisers but we need to dig into this a little bit more. So in this video I'm going to explain what I expect will happen with this ad-free option and what it means for us advertisers.

Now this story does seem pretty credible at this point and there have been rumors about this before that Meta would introduce some sort of ad-free option. There have been a few posts from Mark Zuckerberg but at the time it was all very theoretical. This seems to have a lot more legs and this time it's applying to countries within the EU.

Now that doesn't mean it's not going to be rolled out everywhere else and I'll talk more about that in a minute but it's supposedly going to be introduced within the EU because there have been some new privacy rules, new privacy laws that are coming into effect on the 1st of January next year and there's going to be more difficulties around advertising to people within the EU and I did a recent video about this. There'll be a link in the description if you want to find out more about how it's going to affect targeting and reporting and all those sorts of things. Well Meta is clearly concerned that they're going to make less money from their users within the EU because advertisers won't be able to reach them as easily, won't spend as much money, all that sort of stuff.

So thinking about alternative options to generate revenue from their EU users. So what is this likely to look like? What is this ad-free option likely to look like?

I think it'd be quite similar to YouTube premiums. We're probably talking about a monthly subscription that's you know 10 to 20 dollars a month something like that and it will be completely ad-free. Of course there will still be the the free version of the apps Facebook and Instagram apps available that will have ads so it'll very much be a if you want to do this then you can go ahead and sign up for it.

And in terms of time frames when it's likely to be introduced I would guess it's going to come into effect or be tested at least before the 1st of January when these new changes, these new privacy rules are changing the way that Meta is able to advertise. to EU countries. So the big question is how many people are going to sign up for it because that's what is really important to us Facebook and Instagram advertisers.

If we're looking to advertise people in the EU we can only do that if they don't sign up for this paid premium version that is ad-free. Otherwise obviously we can't put our ads in in front of them. Well there's a few things that we know are likely to happen based on the privacy changes that they then may impact user behavior.

So the ad experience for the average EU user is likely to get worse. If we're not able to put ads in front of people that are as targeted, people are going to start seeing ads for things that are less relevant to their interests. You know what they would usually buy and all that sort of thing.

So that might annoy some people and make them more likely to sign up for this. But honestly, I think the numbers of people are likely to sign up for an ad free option is still going to be very small. Definitely single digit percentages, probably on the lower end of that scale as well.

We can use YouTube premium as an example. Yes, millions of people have signed up for it, but as an overall percentage of the total number of YouTube users, it's actually a very small percentage. I think we're likely to see something like that with Facebook and Instagram, maybe even a lower percentage than what YouTube is able to achieve just because of the nature of the platform and the content that's consumed and having ads removed from YouTube is probably more of a thing that YouTube users want than having ads removed from Facebook and Instagram where it's not delaying their videos and all that.

Now, one potential wildcard here is that Meta may look to roll Meta verified in with this ad free option, create sort of a bundle offer. I think that would be a lot more appealing and more people might sign up for it or they might want to keep the things completely separate. The fact that they offer Meta verified in other locations, but this is this ad free option is likely to only be offered within the EU might make that a little bit complicated.

So I don't think they're going to do that sort of bundle the two in and have one subscription. If they do, I would expect the uptake to be a little bit higher, but still not massive. Very quickly, I've got some really exciting news.

I've launched a new mentorship program to help you explode your business revenue and profits through paid ads and marketing. Now, in this mentorship program, myself and my team will mentor you daily, literally every single working day. And because of that, spots are very limited.

So if you're interested, you can click on a link in the video description below and book a call with one of my team members who can explain everything about the mentorship program and how it works. I'm really, really excited about this and I hope to be working with you and mentoring you very soon. We also don't know if there's going to be separate subscriptions for Facebook and Instagram.

If you have to pay for each, people obviously less likely to do it. So that's another thing that comes into play. And we've got another experiment to take a look at because TikTok have announced that they're introducing an ad free option that you pay for.

Now, this is probably less expensive than what Meta will introduce, but it would really interesting to see the uptake there. Are people going to want to pay for that? What percentage is?

I imagine it's going to be a very small percentage because of the way the platform works. You can quickly move on from ads. It's less of an incentive to get rid of ads than it is on a platform like YouTube.

But TikTok in that way is quite similar to Facebook and Instagram, particularly if people are using Reels and that's their primary consumption habit on the platform. If lots of people are signing up for TikTok one, that makes it much more likely lots of people are going to sign up for the Meta one. I think that we're not going to see a huge take up of each.

But again, another little experiment we can see and it'll be interesting to watch that. Now, because not that many people are likely to sign up for this, at least in my opinion, I don't think the impact on advertisers is going to be that big. Okay.

Well, that's a relief. A lot of people talked about there being a really big impact on content creators for YouTube when they introduced an ad free option because it was like, how are content creators going to make money from the content they create if no one's being shown ads? Not enough people signed up to the premium version, the ad free option for it to have much of an impact on that front.

And I think that's likely to be the case with Meta and we're not going to see lots of people signing up for it. And therefore, there's not going to be many people that you no longer reach as a Facebook advertiser and an Instagram advertiser. It may even be beneficial for some advertisers, particularly advertisers that operate in industries where you do receive a lot of negative comments, a lot of scepticism.

Well, if those people that really don't like seeing ads, if they can go ahead and sign up for the ad free option and they're not showing your ads and they're not leaving negative comments, they're not saying the sorts of things that might put off other people that you really don't want them to do. And you don't want them to interact with your ads in that way, even if what they're saying is completely untrue, which it very much usually is. It would be good if they don't see your ads.

You don't want those people interacting. They're a waste of money. And as I said, they might comment and do things that put other people off.

So there might be a small benefit that's going to vary between advertisers. For some advertisers, that's a much bigger deal than others, depending on the industry operating and the claims you make in your ads and all that sort of stuff. But just something to be aware of.

So this ad free option is likely to only be introduced to EU countries for now. But whatever we see there is likely to be rolled out to other locations as well, like with these privacy changes, which, by the way, are far more impactful if they sort of crystallize and establish within the EU. Are they likely to be rolled out to the US, UK, other places?

I think that's relatively likely. And speaking of privacy changes, if you haven't already, I'd strongly recommend you check out this video there. I break down the new privacy rules and how it's going to affect us as Facebook and Instagram advertisers.

Remember, this is going to affect us no matter where you are, because it's based on where you advertise. So I strongly recommend you check it out.