Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook ad buying types. There are two options and it is very very important that you use the right option and I'll talk about which one that is, why it works best in this video. Before I get into that please click that thumbs up button that really helps me out and is much appreciated and of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already.

Okay so Facebook buying types. I'm in an example Facebook ad account and I'm going to go ahead and just create an example campaign and the very very first option as soon as you click that create button before you even get to the campaign objectives is this section here that says buying type. Now you'll see that the default is auction and the second option here is reach and frequency and you can see that when I select reach and frequency I have less campaign objectives.

So we need to explain what these are. What is auction? That's the default.

Auction is basically how Facebook operates its advertising platform. You compete against other Facebook advertisers in an auction system. Effectively Facebook have a product and that's ad real estate, places for you to put your ads in front of Facebook users, Instagram users etc.

And you are operating in an auction. You are saying I would like to advertise to these people, please Facebook work out, calculate the auction formula automatically and with an auction system you basically end up with your price, your cost of Facebook advertising and it is determined by advertiser competition, how much supply there is, how many potential ad impressions are available in your target audience, all that sort of stuff. And because of that you are effectively accepting the market price for Facebook advertising when you use the auction.

So if there's a holiday and lots of other advertisers are spending more or there's more advertising than usual, price goes up around Black Friday or Christmas for example, we see Facebook ads skyrockets because lots of advertisers using auction and that's causing you know more advertiser demand, basic economics pushes up the cost of Facebook ads. Supply across Facebook and Instagram is very consistent, so it's like basic economics demand and supply sets price, but the supply is pretty much fixed so it very much is the demand which is advertiser demand, your competitors that are going to affect the price. That's the default and you can see why that's nice and easy and you don't really need to think about it but it can lead to a lot of fluctuations.

So as I said over Black Friday particularly depending on what you advertise you might see your CPM as your cost per thousand impressions which is typically how we would measure the cost of Facebook ads. When we analyse campaigns we analyse cost per conversion nearly always but when we're thinking about how expensive is a Facebook Instagram ad campaign we're often looking at CPM, you might see CPMs double or even triple for the week around Black Friday for example, depending again on what you're advertising and who you're advertising to. What's the difference between this auction system because it's impacted by all these other influences.

Other things can be like if it's really nice weather for example and less people are on their on their phones on Facebook and Instagram that reduces supply which can affect again the cost of Facebook advertising. So that's how the auction system works and that's the default and that's what most Facebook advertisers go with. But because of the drawbacks that I just talked about that led Facebook to create this thing called reach and frequency.

Now with reaching frequency you are in instead of just being subjected to the natural auction system you are instead able to effectively book in a certain price. So instead of just saying I'm just going to pay whatever the market's saying I have to pay, I would like to guarantee a certain price for reaching a certain number of people. And you can see why that might sound very attractive.

Often with reach and frequency you end up paying a lot less per thousand impressions, so per CPM, than you do with auction. Again you say to Facebook look over the next week I want to reach this many people, what's the price? Facebook might come back to you in the UK with something like a £3 CPM.

Whereas your regular conversion campaigns might be operating at a £15 CPM. So the price difference can be absolutely enormous in terms of those thousand impressions. And you have the guarantees.

So a lot of larger businesses particularly started using reach and frequency because they wanted the guaranteed price. And that's probably more similar to how traditional advertising has operated where you book in like a certain number of you know ad slots on TV programs over the next six months and it's a fixed price. So that sounds fantastic but there's one massive issue with reach and frequency and that massive issue is why you don't want to use it.

Because you are saying to Facebook I want you to guarantee me this price, Facebook is not only incentivized but effectively has to make sure that they advertise to the lower quality prospects and by quality I'm talking about demand. The people that there's less advertiser demand for in order to fulfill their obligation at that significantly lower price. Like how is Facebook going to offer you a CPM, a cost per thousand impressions that is say 20 or 30% of what it would normally be unless they put your ads in front of people that other advertisers don't really want to reach.

That's how they do it. So and we know this because we've tested a whole bunch and what you'll see is let's say you run a conversions campaign using the reach and frequency buying type. Facebook will offer you a CPM that as I said might be a quarter of what you're used to paying and you think wow this is fantastic it's gonna be best thing ever and then you run the campaign and guess what your cost per conversion is nearly always quite a bit higher than through the auction.

Now what that means is that those people are converting so much worse because if you're paying 25% of what you usually pay and your cost per conversion is higher than what it usually is that means that instead of converting let's say one in 200 people that you advertise to you might be converting one in 2,000 people that you advertise to. The difference is enormous and Facebook effectively has to do that because that's the only way they can offer the guarantees. It's like look Facebook's basically saying we're going to take on more risk for you as an advertiser by guaranteeing this price with reach and frequency but in order for them to protect themselves they have to put your ads in front of people that other advertisers don't want to reach and you have to remember that if you think about how say a conversions campaign works it works on trying to get you as many conversions as possible for the lowest possible price.

Now you have to think about the fact that there are many many Facebook and Instagram users that effectively never convert from Facebook or Instagram ad. That is not unheard of. There are people that do it all the time, there are people who do it a bit which is going to be most and there are people who never convert.

There are people that advertisers do not want to reach because they just aren't active in that sense. That is not a behaviour of theirs and that will be true for any form of marketing. This is not just a Facebook Instagram thing.

There'll be people that buy based on TV ads all the time and people that never do and most of us in the middle that do every now and then and all sorts. That applies to all advertising platforms. So if you really want to have a play with it do so with an experimental budget because I will be shocked if it produces better results no matter what kind of campaign objective you use or what setup you use and if you want to see the setup I've got more details in another video so I'll include a link to that on how you go about clicking through it.

In this video I wanted to be very specific about the buying types and which ones you want to use. But the answer for now and we test this regularly to make sure it may well change in the future but the answer for now as of the recording of this video is absolutely that you want to go ahead with auction. Okay hope that's been useful before you go some more very very useful things I want to quickly mention.

The first is a brand new free webinar I've created called the one Facebook ads technique that will supercharge your results more than anything else and if there's one thing you need to get right as a Facebook advertiser it is covered in detail in this webinar. This is something I haven't talked about before hardly at all in my videos. I've had other webinars I've talked about but this is a brand new webinar strongly recommend you check it out it's about 50-60 minutes long it's there's a link in the video description below completely free to go and watch it.

I said I break down step by step and if you can implement this technique as I show it I think you've got a really really good chance of succeeding with Facebook ads improving the performance of your existing campaigns so I strongly recommend you go ahead and check that out. Other thing I want to mention is YouTube channel membership so you can now become a member of my YouTube channel and then members get certain perks so the first of which is priority reply to comments so as my channel has grown it's become more and more difficult for me to reply to comments so I'm prioritizing the people who are channel members their comments first so I'll answer their comments first and then get to other comments as much as I can but there's only so much time I can dedicate to that right. Members also get to participate in member-only polls so they get to have a say around what sort of content I create next and all that sort of stuff and it's just a great way to support my channel if you appreciate my content you've gotten value out of it you want to find a way to uh to reciprocate to some extent you can become a channel member it's a small monthly fee you can click on the join button beneath this video and that'll bring up a window that just basically gives you all the information about it and you can see whether you'd like to become a member or not if you've got comments and questions that you want me to answer I strongly recommend it because I know how important getting the right answers to those are and I'm gonna make sure I answer every single member comment but I can't do that with regular viewers of course.

Anyway if this has been useful please give it a thumbs up please subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already and comment below whether you become a member or not please leave a comment below um I said I would still try and answer comments from people who aren't members of course um and I certainly see all the comments the feedback is always very useful thanks a lot guys I'll talk to you soon bye for now