Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook making yet another change to their default attribution setting. It's actually a good one, it's one that might end up with you seeing more conversions in your Facebook ad account, which is great. I'm going to talk about what Facebook have done, what it means and what you can do about it as a Facebook advertiser in this video.

Before I get into it, I just want to very quickly ask you to hit that thumbs up button, that really helps me out, and subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Really, really important if you're running Facebook ads that you stay up to date with the latest information because it's changing all the time. Okay, so I'm in an example Facebook ad account here and let's create a new conversions campaign.

We know that the attribution setting in this case, the default being changed, applies to conversion campaigns. That's what I'd recommend you use most of the time. We're then going to jump over to the ad set level and scroll all the way down to the bottom and click on this.

It'll see more options under here and you can see we've got attribution setting. And you can see that the default is seven days after clicking or one day after viewing. I also like they changed the wording from seven day click one day view to seven days after clicking one day after viewing.

I think that helps explain what it is. But if I select edit and click on the options, you can see there are four options. Now, Facebook have been changing this a lot, right?

So not that long ago, the default was seven day click or one day view. Then Facebook at the end of April changed it to seven day click with the major iOS 14 changes. And just recently, within a few weeks of recording this video, they changed it back to seven day click or one day view.

Now, I don't want to cover all the information that there is about attribution setting. I've got another video where I talk about it in a lot more detail what it is, how it works, all that sort of stuff. So check out a link in the video description for more info on how it works and how what it used to be and how it comes together and how it affects your Facebook ad campaigns.

But just to very quickly explain that attribution setting refers to the time period after someone either clicks or views an ad that they can be counted as a conversion. Okay, so if we go with seven day click or one day view, that means if someone converts within seven days after clicking on an ad or within 24 hours after viewing an ad, and then they obviously go on to convert, that person will be registered as a conversion within your ad account provided we can track them. We all know the iOS 14 stuff can get in the way of that, right?

Now, Facebook have, as I said, they've changed back and forth, back and forth. I think what that shows is that Facebook is trying to get us the best possible results. They're trying to use the setting that delivers the most amount of data because we know more data, more conversions helps us as Facebook advertisers work out what's going on and optimise our campaigns, which is great for both us and Facebook.

It also helps Facebook's machine learning process improve our campaigns, which again is great for both us and Facebook. So this is the option that is Facebook believe going to provide the most data and that's what they're recommending and they're going with. And they've obviously been testing this because they're moving back and forth with the default.

I think it is fairly safe to say that this is going to be your best option. Facebook's default is the option that you want to go with. This new default change has only been alive for a couple of weeks.

When they changed it from 7-day click to 1-day view, let's say, I don't know, 6 months ago. Sorry, when they changed it from 7-day click or 1-day view to 7-day click about 6 months ago, we did find better results at 7-day click. In some more recent testing, we've again found better results with the new default, which is interesting.

I think this is going to be the best way to go for the time being. I will let you know if that changes. We test this stuff all the time.

But 7-day click or 1-day view intuitively makes the most sense to me because out of these four options here, it is the option that provides you with the most amount of data. Now remember, this information here, what you select here is not necessarily going to have an impact on how many conversions your campaigns actually generate, but it is going to affect how many conversions show up in your Facebook ad account, which helps improve the quality of your campaigns from both Facebook and you, which will in turn help improve the number of conversions you generate. So it's all about data being included in your ad account that can then be used to optimise both from you and Facebook, and I think this is the best way to go.

It also shows, I think, the flip-flopping between them. That Facebook is doing a ton of work behind the scenes to try and fill data holes and overcome some of the issues that advertisers are experiencing post iOS 14. I've talked about this a lot before and everything I'm seeing is sort of confirming my existing theories that Facebook is going to work this out.

One of the largest companies in the world, on a market cap basis, not employees, but on a market cap basis, hundreds of billions at stake, Facebook is going to do whatever they can to get this to work. And I think changing this and updating things and that sort of stuff is a demonstration of that. So the information I want to talk about here is, yes, they have changed the default again.

My advice has now changed to go with the default again. Previously, I was happier with the seven-day click and now I would recommend going to the default. That's what the latest data is obviously telling Facebook, but also my own testing is showing that as well.

Go with the default and I think you're likely to see better results. So simple short video, but hopefully that's useful. Before you go, something I want to quickly mention and that's our Facebook advertising services.

So my company, Lead Guru, is a specialist Facebook and Instagram advertising agency. We create, manage and optimize Facebook ad campaigns for Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for our clients. In fact, that's where most of the information that I include in my videos comes from.

It comes from spending millions and millions of dollars on live Facebook ad campaigns. That's why it's always up to date and all that sort of stuff. Anyway, if you'd like us to create, manage and optimize campaigns for you, you can book a free call with one of my team members right now.

So if you go down into the video description, you'll see there's a link through to our website. You can book directly into our calendar. We do have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement.

So please don't book a call if you don't meet that. We just won't be able to help you out at this point. But if you do, fantastic.

You can book a call with one of my team members. Very informal. They can just let you know how we work.

You can tell us about your business. There's a good chance we've advertised or aren't advertising a business similar to yours. We have hundreds of campaigns live at any one time.

And yeah, hopefully we get a chance to work together. If you found this video useful, please hit that thumbs up, comment below to let me know, comment below with any questions. Don't forget to subscribe.

Really, really important. I can see that only about a third of the people that watch my videos, something like that, are subscribed. Very important that you subscribe because Facebook is changing all the time.

I'm releasing new content on all these various changes all the time. And if Facebook ads are important to your business, it's so important you stay up to date with that. So yeah, make sure you subscribe.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye for now.