Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and today's Facebook advertising question is, are Facebook Messenger leads low quality? This is something that was asked on my YouTube channel recently and it's an interesting question and the answer is yes, they can be. So whenever you're advertising on Facebook, the more hoops you make your prospects jump through before they become a lead, the higher quality they're going to be in general.

Sending you a message via Facebook Messenger is a very easy thing for someone to do. They just send a quick message asking about pricing or whatever it happens to be. They're not very invested in your company and your process yet.

They haven't sort of gone through your website, checked out your products and services, had a look at maybe testimonials and things like that. They haven't taken those steps. So the leads that you generate through Facebook Messenger or Facebook lead ads and things are often worse quality than if you sent people to your website and got them to inquire that way.

The advantage of Facebook Messenger leads and Facebook lead ads is that they're often much less expensive to generate. So you're going to generate a lot more for the same budget. And you have to work out with your business what's worth it.

Do I want high quality leads or do I want more volume? And there are certain cases where you might want each. If you do want really high quality leads, I recommend sending people through to your website, perhaps even not having your contact information on there, getting them to go through a booking process or something like that.

That's exactly what I do for leads for my own business. When we're looking for leads for our Facebook advertising agency services, we get people to book a free strategy session into my calendar. And they have to go through a website to that.

They have to enter their details. It's a big commitment. We know that if someone's willing to go through that, they're really interested in our services.

Facebook Messenger, on the other hand, is sort of the other end of the spectrum. It's very easy for someone to send a quick message. How much does this cost?

All that sort of stuff. But if you're after volume, that could be a great way to go. Hopefully that's useful.

Thanks a lot guys. I'll talk soon. Bye bye.