Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about excluding purchases, excluding customers from your Facebook ads. Is it something you want to do? When do you want to do it?

When do you not want to do it? I'm also going to show you how you go about excluding your previous customers from your Facebook ad campaigns. Before I get into that I want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already.

So let's get started by showing you exactly what it is I'm talking about. So I've got an example and conversions campaign created here in my example Facebook ad account and I'm going to jump to the ad set level because we know that's where you are targeting. If I click on edit in here and scroll down to this custom audiences section you can click on this exclude button and you can see you've got include people at least one of the following, exclude people on the following.

So I could for example put in here, I've already uploaded it in preparation, a customer list. Okay and what this would do is I could then enter in all my other regular targeting options, I've got plenty of videos on that, check out links in the video description for how you go about doing other targeting related things. But this would now exclude anyone that's on my customer list, so previous purchases, previous customers, from seeing my Facebook ads.

And of course I've done this with the uploaded customer list, the CSV file, but you could do that based on the purchase event, web event for example. Post iOS 14 I would usually recommend using now a customer list because you're going to be able to capture everyone, well not everyone because your match rates won't be 100% but more people most likely that way, whereas you have all the data holes obviously with the the iOS users not being not being included based on the pixel data. But that's another way to go about doing this, this is how you go about doing it.

And the reason why a lot of Facebook advertisers want to exclude previous purchases, people have already bought from them, is because they think that's a waste of money. They think if someone's already bought from me, either I only sell the product, one product or one service that you only buy once you never buy it again, or they already know about my business when they want to buy from me again or buy other products of mine they'll come back and they'll purchase. And I think that is honestly a little bit naive.

And I think that excluding previous customers, except for one, potentially two, but one major scenario that I'm going to explain in a minute, is not a good idea and it's not something that I would recommend you do. So firstly if you have any element of repeat business, so people buy it from you again or they buy alternative products and services from you having bought from you once before, you absolutely don't want to be excluding previous customers. The idea that because they've bought from you once you don't need to advertise to them again is a complete myth.

I think it's fairly arrogant on the business owner standpoint to think that because someone's bought from you before your business is going to be top of their mind. No, people have busy lives, all sorts of other things, they need to be reminded. I'm sure you could think of scenarios where you've bought from a company or you've been to a restaurant or you've done something years ago and then something will trigger it.

Maybe someone recommends it, maybe you're sorting the garage out and you go, oh yeah I forgot I had one of those. Or maybe it's an ad, you know, maybe it's an ad that triggers the memory and you go, oh yeah I've been meaning to do that, I've been meaning to go back there, I've been meaning that was really good the first time we did it, I did really love that product, I'm going to go ahead and purchase it. That happens all of the time but without the trigger it's far less likely to happen and advertising again just because someone bought from you, just because they enjoyed your product does not mean they're going to automatically remember you and therefore be able to go ahead and purchase it and think immediately of you and purchase from you again.

You need to get in front of them again, remind them, it's why advertising to one more is so successful. So that's the first part. The second part is that even if you only offer a product or service that people buy once, putting your ads in front of those people has a number of advantages even within a conversions campaign.

Firstly, if they had a good experience they might interact with the ad, they might comment beneath saying, oh this product or service is fantastic, would strongly recommend you go ahead and buy it, that sort of thing, which is amazing, that really helps your conversion rate if it will do that. It also might jog their memory to help them recommend to friends and family. So if for example someone has hired you for your service, let's say it's a new kitchen for example, getting a new kitchen put into your home and they hired you for that service, well advertising that person again is not a bad idea in the slightest because they won't remember, oh yeah that company was really good, we love our new kitchen, I know a friend of mine or my sister or whatever is thinking about getting some work done to their home and getting a new kitchen put in place, I'll send over the details, I'll forward this on, I'll tag them in the ad, I'll make sure they're aware of this company.

If people have had a good previous experience from you, putting your ad in front of them will help trigger for some, not a huge amount of these people obviously, but for some, that impetus to make that referral, make that recommendation. And then the other point I want to mention, that's sort of on the one side of the positives you get from it, the other reason why you may not want to exclude previous purchases is because the perceived downsides are actually really really small. So a lot of people don't want to advertise to previous customers because they think it's a waste of money.

But realistically the percentage of your budget that is going to be spent on your previous customers is absolutely tiny. I mean, and if you're advertising to cold audiences here, the amount of people that are previous customers, let's say if you're advertising to two million people, unless you're an enormous business, is tiny. So it's only going to take up a fraction of your budget.

So this whole like, I don't want to waste a lot of money advertising to people I don't need to advertise to is not really true. It might take up one percent of what you're spending on your Facebook ad campaigns. So if that is wasted, so, and I would argue it's not wasted.

Okay, so that's the other side of it. So I mentioned there are a few scenarios where you do want to exclude previous customers, exclude previous purchases. The first is if you have tremendous market saturation.

So let's say, for example, you're advertising in a local area and you would estimate that perhaps 20% of the people that you're potentially advertising to have already bought. Okay, then maybe you want to think about it. This sometimes happens, I said, what happens with local businesses because you've got much smaller audiences, but it could be a local experiential business.

It could be a, you know, like a restaurant for example and you've done lots of advertising and you know that so many people have come in and all that sort of stuff. Okay, that might be a scenario in which I would entertain excluding previous customers. The other scenario is, and this is probably the more the more pressing case where you do want to do it, is if you've got a whole bunch of people that have bought a product or service from you for, let's say, a certain price and you're running a new deal, a new discount or something that you think might annoy previous customers.

You don't want people commenting being like, oh, I bought this full price and people get annoyed at that sort of thing. So in that sort of scenario, if you're now running like a, if it's a small discount, people understand that sometimes discounted price is not a big deal. But if it's like a really big, aggressive discount people have bought, you know, if you're offering a 70% off Black Friday sale, do you want to advertise that to people that have already bought it for 100% of the price?

That's a big discount. Maybe you want to exclude them there. Okay.

But by default, you don't want to exclude previous customers. To be honest, I'm not a big fan of exclusions full stop when it comes to Facebook ad campaigns. I don't think they tend to perform as well.

It seems to get in the way of Facebook's optimization processes and their machine learning processes. So I don't like including exclusions. And even as I said, I can see why people want to exclude existing purchases.

They want to exclude previous customers, but it is not something that I typically do except for rare cases, like what I just mentioned. Okay. Hopefully that's been useful.

Before you go, a couple of things I want to quickly mention. The first is a free webinar I've created called Three Killer Facebook Ad Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. And in this webinar, I break down three different sales funnels that you can use for very different types of businesses.

There's no one size fits all with Facebook ads. And I break those sales funnels down into their steps. So you can follow along.

You can see, all right, I've got this type of business. I want to use this sales funnel. How does it work?

I show you exactly how to do it in this webinar. It's completely free. Link is in the description, video description below.

I would strongly recommend you check it out. It's about 60, 70 minutes long. I think it'd be well, well worth your time.

I said completely free. The other thing I want to mention is YouTube channel membership. So you can now become a member of my YouTube channel.

And members get certain perks like priority reply to comments. I'm prioritizing replying to member comments. They also get to have a say in what content I create next.

It's a small monthly fee to become a channel member. If you click on the join button beneath this video, that'll bring up a window that shows you information all about how it works and all that sort of stuff. And so if you do want to support my channel, you appreciate the content I create, that's a great way to do it.

And that would be much appreciated. If this video has been useful, give it a thumbs up. As I said, don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already.

Make sure you're staying on the edge of Facebook advertising-based stuff and not falling into into Facebook ads, mistakes, traps, because there's a whole load of them that can really jeopardize your results. And comment below. Comment below to let me know whether you become a member or not.

Comment below with questions. I see them all. I get to as many as I can.

And yeah, I'll talk to you soon. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye for now.