I am delighted to be able to share some really positive Facebook advertising news. It feels like it's been a while over the last 18 months, two years with the iOS 14 changes. We've had a lot of changes that were pretty negative, that weren't great for Facebook and Instagram advertisers, but Meta have just made a change that is definitely positive for Facebook and Instagram advertisers.

Really excited to be able to share it. And I'm talking here about attribution setting, attribution windows. And just in case you're not familiar, I'll quickly explain.

Attribution setting refers to the time period after someone interacts with your ad in which they take an action, like buy something from your website, and can still be counted as a conversion and that show up in your Facebook ad account. So for example, let's say you've got a seven day click attribution setting. That means that if someone clicks on an ad on Facebook or Instagram and then goes ahead and purchases on your website within that seven day period after they clicked, they will be counted as a purchase in your ad campaign.

And you can see that result and Facebook can use that data to optimize. However, if they go ahead and convert, let's say 14 days after they clicked, they would not be within that seven day window. They would not count.

Now, one of the things that happened as part of the iOS 14 changes is we went from a 28 day attribution window, that being the default, that being the longest you could use, down to a maximum of just seven days. And what that meant was that we lost data for anyone that converted more than seven days after they clicked on an ad, we just couldn't see it. That conversion wouldn't show up in the ad account.

So it made your results look worse than they actually were. But also it meant that we had less data as advertisers to be able to see which ads performing best, which ad sets performing best and optimize accordingly. And it also meant that Meta had less data within the Facebook ad account to be able to optimize.

We know that the more data that you get inside a Facebook ad account, the more conversions you generate, the better your results are going to be because Meta can optimize using that data. That's how machine learning works. The more inputs you have, the more data points you have, the better that performs.

And it's why ad accounts with thousands, tens of thousands of conversions typically perform much better than ad accounts that are brand new. So the more data we can get inside our Facebook ad account, the better. And I think that's one of the reasons why we did see results across the board get worse with the iOS 14 changes was not just because of the data loss from what Apple was doing, but also this more voluntary change that Facebook made, reducing attribution down from 28 days to just seven.

However, we are getting 28 day attribution back, at least in some form, not fully yet. I'm hoping that's going to come, but we have got it back in some form, which is really fantastic. And to show you what I'm talking about here, I'm in a Facebook ad account.

I've just grabbed a campaign and gone to the ad set level to demonstrate this. And under columns, if you go ahead and scroll down, you can see you've got all the defaults in here. And if we scroll down, you will see this thing here called compare attribution settings.

Now, this is not in every ad account yet. Like every change meta makes, they do it to some ad accounts, but not others. So if you don't see it yet, don't worry, I think it's likely to come in.

But if we go ahead and click on compare attribution settings, and then we go ahead and select all the various options, one day view, one day click, seven day click, 28 day click, and we click apply, then we can see the breakdown in the data of when those actions, those purchases in this case actually came through. Okay. So if we have a look at this top ad set, so we can see some really interesting data here.

Of the 66 supposed purchase that we generated, I'll talk more about that in a second, 20 count within one day view, 34 within one day click, 46 within seven day clicks. You can see a lot of people purchased more than one day after they clicked, but within the seven days, that's the difference between the 34 and the 46 number, and then 50 within 28 day click. Now, that's actually not a huge percentage.

This is an e-commerce business. So, you know, what's that 10% of people roughly went ahead and purchased more than seven days after they clicked, but less than 28. In other industries, it's going to be larger than that, particularly if you offer something expensive, something that requires some consideration, people need to talk to a spouse or a business partner or something like that, then you're likely to see the percentage of people that purchase or become a lead or whatever it is, more than seven days after they click, but less than 28 days after they click can be a lot higher as much as 30% sometimes.

But it's still useful to have that extra 10%, that's for sure. So we can see how important having more data is in here. If you just had one day click, for example, you might look at this ad set and think, oh, we only generated 34 purchases.

That's not all that good. And then you move that out to 28 days and you realize that there's a lot more purchases that came through in that 28 day period. And that is purchases.

You know, you've paid for the ads. You want to know exactly what results you're getting from them. And this is going to be more accurate.

Are purchases still going to be missed with this? Yes. Some people wait more than 28 days.

Some people were still not going to be able to track with if they're on iOS devices, for example, and they've opted out. But the more data, the better for sure. Now, I briefly mentioned this 66 number.

And we know that the data, the default result that you get includes model data. So it's not just sort of confirmed purchase. In this case, it's also going to be what Meta thinks it's generated in terms of purchases with your Facebook and Instagram ads.

And they've had to do that because of the data loss. It usually tends to be relatively accurate. There are discrepancy rates.

But with this new attribution, I think we can get more accurate data by taking a look at this 28 day click and we can rely less and less on, in this case, what's called multiple, but something that includes model data. And that's only helpful for us advertisers because the better data we have, the better decisions we can make, and then for the better results we can get. So at the moment, unfortunately, we cannot select 28 day click as our attribution setting at the ad set level in terms of what we want to go for.

We still have a maximum seven day click there. But what Meta has shown us by giving us this attribution window data is that they are recording that information. And if they are recording that information, then great.

Even if you don't have this compare attribution setting in your ad account, it means that that data is still going to now be being used in the optimization of your campaigns from a machine learning standpoint, which is only positive for the reasons I've described. But also it means that Meta clearly have the capability to allow us to use a 28 day attribution setting because they're already tracking this information. So I'm hopeful that over the next few months, perhaps, we are going to be able to actually set our attribution setting at 28 days as opposed to just seven.

And I think that is again going to help us improve results. So certainly something positive, really nice to talk about something positive. It's been a while.

As I said, with all the iOS 14 changes, it's been more negative for a while. And you guys know me, I'm going to try and be as honest as I can. I'm not just going to talk about the plus side of Facebook and Instagram advertising.

I'm going to say when something's good and when something's bad. I think that's really important for you as advertisers to be able to know that and be able to work out, should I be using this feature? Should I not?

But this is something that's positive, which is great for all of us that either like myself make our living based around Facebook and Instagram advertising or run new campaigns for your business. Maybe it's a really important acquisition channel. We want changes to be made that are positive.

And this is certainly a good one. Okay, so before you go, something I want to quickly mention, and that's our done for you Facebook and Instagram ad services. So my company can create, manage, and optimize your campaigns for you.

We do have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement. But if you do meet that or you're about to, you can go ahead and click on the link in the video description below. That'll take you to a page where you can book in a call directly with one of my team members who can just, no obligation call, they can just explain more about our service, how we work, how I might be able to help, how we may have worked with a business just like yours in the past.

Very good chance that we've done so at this point. So go ahead and book a call. Hopefully we get a chance to work together.

So this is certainly a positive change. And there's another positive change I would encourage you to make. And that's to make sure that you've structured your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns the right way.

I see so many advertisers use the wrong campaign structure. I cover my favorite structures in this video here. I break down three different structures, different sales funnels for different businesses, how they're put together.

Would strongly recommend you go ahead and check it out. Make sure you're using the right one or implement what I describe in this video here if you're not.