Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook's audience network and why you as an advertiser need to be very very careful with Facebook's audience network. There are things you can do with that placement option, things you absolutely need to avoid with that placement option. That's what I'm going to cover in this video.

Before we get into that, I just want to very very quickly ask for you to smash that like button, that really helps me out and is much appreciated. And of course subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already. I'm releasing Facebook advertising related content all the time and a lot is changing right now.

I'm trying to make sure that you guys are as up to date and cutting edge as possible. If you subscribe you'll see my videos that's really going to help you out. If you're running Facebook ads for your business, very very important that you go ahead and subscribe.

Okay so audience network. I've created an example ad account, I've created an example campaign and we're going to jump to the ad set level and I go ahead and click edit on this and the ad set level is obviously where our placement options are selected. Now placements refers to the locations across Facebook, Instagram, audience network and messenger that your ads can be displayed.

Obviously when you run a Facebook ad campaign someone from your audience could see an ad on the Facebook feed or in Instagram stories for example. Lots of other different placement options. Now you can see that Facebook's default is to recommend automatic placements and what that means is that Facebook's going to try and work out the best locations for your ads to be displayed depending on what it is you've asked for.

So they're going to basically try and get you the best shots possible and they're going to work it out for you. Now often that does work quite well but there are some real issues with it particularly on the audience network and that's what this video is going to cover. So if I click into manual placements you will see that we've got the four platforms I talked about Facebook, Instagram, audience network, messenger and then we've got a whole bunch of different placement options okay.

Now if I go up here and I deselect audience network you will see that these grade ones were already unselected but these down here apps and sites have been have been deselected and that's what the audience network is really referring to okay. And when you're advertising on the audience network what's talked about here is expand your reach with ads in external apps and websites. We're not really talking about stuff here that's in Facebook and Instagram that's why it's referred to as a different platform.

It's external stuff and it's things like native you see audience network native banner and interstitial ads. So that's the classic sort of ads that you will see when you're taking a look at articles online that sort of stuff and then obviously we've got video versions. So you've got in-stream videos, rewarded videos which again the sort of thing that you see quite often.

So the audience network is relatively famous in the Facebook ads world for delivering very poor quality clicks, very poor quality traffic. Why is that? To the extent that there is fraud on the Facebook ad network as it were, it nearly always takes place on the audience network.

Facebook's very good at stopping fraudulent clicks occurring on Facebook and Instagram itself and it happens less on messenger but again to some extent on messenger. With audience network it's far more difficult for them to police that. So if you are going to generate let's say a lot of clicks on your ads from bots or potentially even from competitors messing around with stuff and effectively wasting your money as a Facebook advertiser, it's going to happen on the audience network.

Okay so that's the first real big issue you're going to get with the audience network. The second and actually the larger issue that you get with the audience network is that a ton of the clicks that are generated on the audience network are accidental. You just got to think when you're taking a look through various articles and it's on the audience network you're often talking about the sort of articles where there's tons of ads everywhere and it's really hard particularly on a mobile device to not accidentally click on the ads and how often do you click on an ad, oh you didn't mean that, you go back straight away.

Well of course if you're advertising people are doing the exact same thing. So a lot of them are accidental clicks particularly on mobile devices which we know is a ton of the traffic that comes from or ton of the impressions that happen across the Facebook and Instagram ad network is on mobile devices. So you could be advertising sending lots of people to your website that are coming through the audience network and actually I've seen as high estimates as 60 to 70 percent of those clicks might be completely accidental where people just click straight back from where they were back to the article or video whatever they didn't mean it and that's obviously a massive waste you've wasted money and you're not going to get the results you want because if someone's clicked accidentally they're not going to go on and do whatever action you want them to take.

Now you might think that what I've said means that you should always exclude audience network like always take it out and I actually certainly don't think that that's a problem. If you always want to exclude audience network you never want to advertise on the audience network I think that's absolutely fine. However it really comes down to the campaign objective you use as to whether you have to exclude the audience network or not.

If you are running a campaign objective like traffic for example you have to exclude the audience network because remember with the campaign objective of traffic Facebook is going to try and get you as many link clicks potentially landing page views depending on how you optimize but for the most part link clicks as possible. Now if Facebook can see that when they put your ads on the audience network loads of people are clicking even if they're fraudulent bot clicks or they are accidental clicks from you know people with just thumbs who can't dodge the ads that pop up everywhere Facebook's going to go great we did our job we're a great platform that advertiser's happy we can move on but you're not happy as an advertiser because those people do not go on to convert they do not do what you want them to do it's a waste of money waste of your time and it's absolutely not what you want. So if you are running the traffic objective or something where you are hoping people take a further action okay you can to some extent say the same thing with like an engagement campaign for example you absolutely want to be very very careful with the audience network and deselect it.

If you are running something like the conversions objective which is what this example campaign is it is okay to leave the audience network on and actually go with automatic placements. Now the reason why is because if the audience network is generating poor quality traffic that doesn't convert Facebook's going to very quickly work that out and they're going to stop advertising the audience network and that's nearly always what you see it's so common that when you run campaigns conversion campaigns you will see that a tiny fraction of your impressions occur on the audience network whereas if you go with reach for example or traffic a lot of the clicks particularly a lot of the reach tends to occur on the audience network why because it's cheap why is it cheap because the traffic is poor quality and a lot of other advertisers are avoiding it so again you go with a reach campaign a lot of your impressions might be on the audience network because it's cheap Facebook can help you get in front of as many eyeballs as possible which sounds great but not if then those people aren't actually interested not if they're not going to convert or take the action you want them to take it's something you absolutely want to avoid so as i said if you're using conversions and a few other objectives where you're absolutely optimizing for your end result it's okay to leave it on it's not the end of the world but if you want to turn it off that's also absolutely fine if you're using reach traffic something where you hope people take a further action after they see your ads absolutely exclude the audience network which you can just do with a little tick there it might make a small difference to campaign it might make a really big difference to campaign if you're getting a lot of impressions of the audience network which as we've described can produce really poor quality traffic okay so just wanted to uh to make that so you're clear so hopefully that's been useful and before you go there's a couple of things i quickly want to mention the first is a brand new free webinar something that i haven't talked about in a youtube video before it's a free webinar called the one facebook ads technique that will supercharge your results more than anything else and in this webinar what i'm covering is the single most important facebook advertising technique that will come as close to guaranteeing your success as you can possibly get with facebook and instagram ad campaigns and if if you if someone came to me and they said i've just started facebook advertising or i'm struggling to get results or i'm getting good results but i need to go to another level what do i need to do i this is what i'd recommend this one technique that you need to get right and i break it down in a lot of detail in this webinar it's completely free about 50 minutes long if you go ahead and click on the link in the video description you'll be taken through and you can go ahead and watch it we strongly recommend you do i said completely free link in the video description for that webinar other thing i want to mention is my facebook ads mastermind group so it's a free facebook group again another link in the video description um there's 125 000 members one of the biggest communities of facebook advertisers in the world and it's full of people just like you people want to get better results they're asking questions answering them helping each other out leveraging other people's experiences i'm in there all the time with live trainings and answering comments and things like that so if that sounds to something you want to be part of go ahead and join my facebook ads mastermind group if this video has been useful like i said please give it a thumbs up subscribe if you're um running facebook ads for your business i think that's a good idea and comment below comment below if you've got questions i get to a whole bunch as many as i can um and comment below to let me know what you think of this that feedback is always really really helpful um and yeah thanks a lot guys bye for now