Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about what you should be doing or more importantly what you should be checking if you've seen a big drop-off in results because of the iOS 14 changes that are being made to Facebook advertising right now. I put out a poll in my Facebook group asking whether people had seen like a big drop-off in results, a small drop-off in results, no change at all, a few other options and the response that got the most replies and most people said they'd seen a big drop-off in results. So I know it's something that's affecting a lot of people right now and we're going to be covering some important stuff in this in this quick video.

Before I get into that I want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already. I'm going to be releasing lots of Facebook advertising iOS 14 related stuff over the next weeks and months because it's such a big thing to hit the Facebook Ads industry and there's change happening all the time. I'm an example Facebook ad account you may well have seen this pop-up right advertising changes affect Facebook advertising.

It's all about what Facebook solutions are to iOS, Apple's iOS 14 and these are things that are ongoing but before I get into that I want to quickly talk about what you should be doing right now. So if you've seen all of a sudden over the last couple of weeks it lines up perfectly with iOS 14.5 being being released. If you've seen a big drop-off in results here's the first thing you need to do.

You need to verify whether your campaigns are actually performing a lot worse or whether it's just a reporting discrepancy okay. So we had this with a client a couple of days ago I was checking things and it looked like their results all of a sudden dropped off 60-70% and that just seemed way too much to be to be true basically and this is a client that uses Shopify and we had a look at their Shopify data and that was roughly the same as what it had been over the last few months and what that basically tells us and what you may well be seeing as well is that okay the campaigns are performing similarly to what they did before iOS 14.5 was released but we're now not seeing anywhere near as much data within our Facebook ad account as we used to previously. So even though the campaigns are performing roughly as well we're just not seeing those conversions which makes a lot of sense because we know that that's the big changes coming out of iOS 14 is the lack of ability to track people on third-party locations once they leave the app things like website by other Facebook pics and stuff like that.

And that's really important because it's easy to panic taking a look at oh I'm looking at my Facebook ads data and all of a sudden it looks a lot worse you think well actually are the results a lot worse or they just look worse because they're very very different things. So what you need to do is you need to go and take a look at your third-party data sources and have a look at what are the results actually looking like. That could be Shopify, it could be Google Analytics, you know what does Google Analytics tell you?

Hopefully you've got things like conversions through Google Analytics, goals even as they're called through Google Analytics all set up and being able to track that information. You know are you generating leads through Calendly or Acuity Scheduling or something like that? How many of those are still coming through?

Okay if they're still coming through in similar volumes well you know that there's nothing to massively panic about right now. So that's a very important thing to take a look at before you panic and think oh results are dropped off and this is a disaster and this is going to affect the reporting discrepancies are going to affect some businesses much more than others. So if you have longer purchase windows, longer lead times, we know that because attribution windows have been shrunk if someone takes now three weeks to purchase your product or become a lead after they've seen an ad that's not going to be tracked.

And some businesses where particularly if they're selling higher value products or services they have longer lead times naturally so they can be more affected. And then also some businesses often depending on where in the world you're advertising but also to some extent the type of products and services are going to be more iOS focused than others. You know if you're advertising in certain Asian countries where they're going to be absolutely overwhelmingly Android you're going to see much less of a reporting discrepancy between what Facebook is telling you and what's actually happening.

If you're advertising in the US or in Europe you would likely to see a higher percentage of users coming from iOS devices and that therefore having more of an impact on your data. But yeah the difference between what's actually happening and what's being reported that is something that you need to need to check. That's the very first thing to check before you go ahead and make any changes.

Aside from that, okay if you've seen a big drop in results what should you be doing? I know it's very difficult but my advice would be to not overcorrect for a scenario in which we fully don't know what's happening. So you could try and make adjustments based on what Facebook ads looks like today and that might be wrong in a week's time because things are changing so quickly.

So there's obviously a delay between when I record these videos and then when I'm able to to publish them and sort of fast tracking this this one through because it needs to be edited and all that sort of stuff. But as I'm recording this video AEM, aggregated events management, which is basically Facebook's big thing that's answering the data loss that we're getting from from iOS 14 that we're losing through the regular pixel setup that we used to have, hasn't fully gone live yet. So it's very difficult to say right this is now what we should be doing because I could recommend something today that in a week's time has changed.

So my recommendation is to keep an eye on what it actually means for your business which is why you're looking at Google Analytics, Shopify, etc, etc. Are you still generating leads? Are you still generating sales?

Does it look like it might be roughly profitable or the numbers be acceptable? If so try and hang tight. Treat your campaigns like you usually would to try and improve things based on better ad creative and stuff like that but without making massive changes to your sales funnel structure and things along those lines yet because we just don't know exactly what the landscape is going to look like.

As I said things are changing daily they probably would have changed between me recording this video and you actually watching it. And also be very careful to not just throw your campaigns away, turn them off and say I'll start them again in three months time when Facebook has got this worked out. If you do want to save budget and things are actually in the real numbers not looking great I'd recommend really scaling your campaigns back down but not pausing them completely.

We tend to find that fully paused and then re-enabled campaigns they can struggle whereas campaigns where you have just dialed things back for a bit often tend to maintain performance and come out the other side of it a lot better. So if you really want to cut that budget that's what I'd recommend you do. Keep a very close eye on third party data that's very very important particularly if you're running campaigns for clients and they're panicking be like well okay let's have a look at Google Analytics because if that's selling us that we're all good then we're all good for the time being and hold tight because things are changing and know that Facebook is doing absolutely everything it can to improve the situation to get you the best results possible to get you the data that you need because their business is reliant on that at the end of the day okay so keep that in mind and Facebook is not a small company with limited resources and they are going to throw the kitchen sink at this which is great for us advertisers okay so just a quick video I wanted to cover that because I think that's important I hope put some people's minds at ease I will have more information around other things coming out later and more detailed stuff when we have it when we when we know it and before you go one thing I want to quickly mention I think it'd be really good for you to do right now and that's join my Facebook Ads Mastermind group so we currently have 94 000 members we're nearly 100 000 members which would just be incredible and it's amazing community full of Facebook advertisers just like you people asking questions answering questions I'm putting a lot of information around iOS 14 in there right now myself completely free to join by the way link is in the video description and there's lots of chat going on around iOS 14 what people are doing to help improve things so I think it's a community definitely want to be part of right now that could be really really beneficial so please go ahead and do that don't forget to like the video if you haven't done so already and subscribe to my channel as I said much more content coming out over the next weeks and months and yeah comment below if this is useful comment below if you've got questions I try to get to as many as I can thanks a lot guys bye for now