Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about whether or not Facebook ad audiences can be too large. Can you create a target audience with your Facebook ad campaigns that's too big to deliver the best results possible? I'm discussing the sort of pros and cons of audience sizes and making them larger and those sorts of things in this video.

Before I do, I just want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button, please click that thumbs up button, that'd be much appreciated and really help me out. And of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. So I'm an example Facebook ad account here, got an example campaign created and we're at the ad set level and I've just got a default setup here of all of the United Kingdom, 18 plus, which results in 45 million potential reach, 45 million effectively Facebook and Instagram users that I could potentially reach.

And obviously a lot of people watch my videos from other countries, you might be based in the US which is a much larger potential population, but the same sort of same sort of logic applies. When Facebook advertising first sort of became really popular, first I had hit the mainstream, it was all about being really specific with your targeting options. You wanted to target the narrowest audience possible and that was basically how you saved money.

You saved money and got great results by not spending on people that are highly unlikely or not super likely to buy your products and services. So you wanted to get those 50,000, 100,000 people that really, really love your stuff even though your potential audience could be pretend hundreds of millions, particularly if you operate internationally. As the Facebook ad platform became more sophisticated, Facebook got better and better and better at working out who those people are for you.

And I would argue now that Facebook does a much better job than most advertisers of working out which 20, 30, 40, 50,000 people are most likely to purchase or most likely to become a lead or whatever it is that you want. And because of that, advertisers have tended towards much larger audiences in recent years. The logic being that instead of me narrowing down to the 50,000 people that I think are really interested, why don't I use a really large audience, have tons of people in there and then let Facebook work it out.

So that's led to people testing things like open targeting and I've got videos on open targeting so I'll include a link in the description below. You can by all means check that out because I think it's very interesting. But going back to the original question, can a Facebook ads audience be too large?

The answer is yes, but it depends on your circumstances. So the only scenarios in which I like open targeting, so here right now is a great example of open targeting, right? We have the United Kingdom, open ages, no detail targeting included, whole country, no target exclusions, ends up with a 45 million person reach.

We are targeting the whole country. That can work very well for certain businesses and you could do the same in the US, you could do the same in other countries, but those businesses need to tick a few boxes, right? You need to have a product or service that has very broad appeal, something that just about everyone is going to be interested in.

Now they might not be interested in your level, you know, just about everyone is interested in purchasing a car, but people purchase cars at different levels and for different needs and things like that, but there's still broadly just about everyone's going to be interested at some point in their lives, at least in purchasing a car. And there are things to do with the home, for example, that just about everyone's got like a kitchen, right? So everyone's going to want certain things in their kitchen as default and everyone's going to want certain things in their bathroom as default.

So there are things that do have broad appeal, but the majority of Facebook advertisers don't offer products and services that do have very broad appeal. And I don't think that you want to go with the open targeting option. And that would be an argument against making your audience too large.

I think for those businesses where your product or service is more niche, it's more targeted at specific groups or, or, you know, a segment of society, yes, you can have audiences that are too large. I also only like open targeting for ad accounts that are well established, where you've already generated a lot of conversion data and Facebook knows what a conversion looks like. Facebook knows who is most likely to convert.

And therefore when you use really large audiences, basically open targeting or something similar, they've got a really good idea of who to narrow in on. If you use open targeting, super large audiences with a brand new Facebook ad account, Facebook's just a bit lost and you can end up losing a lot of money early on as Facebook goes through that learning process, which is obviously going to take more time and be more difficult, the larger the audience size. So if your ad account hasn't got say 1000 plus conversions in it, and you don't have a product or service that is very much applicable to just about everyone, then I would not recommend going with super large audiences.

And yes, your audiences can be too large. So that brings up the question therefore of what is too large? You know, what's the point at which you don't want to go beyond those points?

As I said, if you don't meet those other criteria, in which case, you know, you basically go, go for open targeting, or at least test it. If you don't meet those criteria, and you're wondering, well, how big should my audiences be? I like to limit my campaigns to 5% of the total potential reach in your area.

So for example, whole of the UK, 45 million people who are 18 plus and on Facebook or Instagram, or both. So therefore, 5% would be 2.25 million. Okay, if you're doing this in the US, the US potential reach is going to be something around 250 million.

And 5% would be 12.5 million. Okay, so that's like a rough guideline. If you can do that according to the size of the population that you're advertising to.

And if you advertise the whole of Europe, you can calculate accordingly. If you're advertising in all of Australia, you can, you know, Australia, I think 20, you know, what, in fact, let's, let's have a look at the, at the number for Australia, I don't know what exactly they're going to have in Facebook, it's going to be something like 18 million, I'd have thought, oh, there we go. My memory is pretty good.

I must have looked that for 18 million. So what's 5% of that, you're going to end up with 900,000. Okay, as your, as your target audience.

So, so that's, I think, in my mind would be this sort of upper end of what you want to, to use. I've got other videos talking about audience size, more specificity of not going below 250,000. So there's going to be your sweet spot.

And I know there are going to be certain locations in which 5% of the total target market is going to be less than 250,000, in which case I would bump up that number to say 10% or something like that. You don't really want to go below 250,000 if you can avoid it. So if you're just advertising in, you know, a country with a smaller population, that's how you would adjust things.

You would increase that percentage of the total potential reach. The other thing I need to quickly talk about is how this affects local businesses. Okay.

The 5% of total potential reach in your area does not apply to local businesses. If you're advertising in a town with 50,000 people, you don't really want to narrow that down at all. You just want to advertise to everyone in that town.

Okay. Because it's already a very small target market in comparison to when you're advertising nationally or internationally. If you go with 5% of 50,000, that's two and a half thousand people.

Your Facebook campaign is barely going to run. So just if you're a local business, throw that 5% of the potential reach in the area out the window. Just does not apply.

And I've got videos about local Facebook ads targeting. So again, check out my channel. I'll include a link in the video description below.

So hopefully that's given you some ideas and information around that. Yes, audiences can be too large. As Facebook continues to develop and evolve and improve as an ad platform, perhaps we will all just be running open targeting in five years time.

That wouldn't shock me. That may well be the case. But right now, that's not the way to go for the majority of Facebook advertisers.

That is too large an audience. You want to be narrowed in there, whether you're using lookalikes or interest-based targeting options. I think maximum 5% of the total potential reach applies to most national and international Facebook advertisers.

Okay. Hopefully that's been useful. If it has, please comment below to let me know.

Please give me a thumbs up. And of course, subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. And before you go, a couple of things I want to mention.

The first is a free webinar I've created. Now, this webinar is all about Facebook advertising sales funnels, different strategies that we use as Facebook ads agency all the time. In fact, in that webinar, I give you three different strategies that we use for different types of businesses.

They've generated more than a million dollars for our clients, multiple occasions, very, very much tried and tested. If you want to check out that free webinar, go ahead and click on the video link in the, go ahead and click on the link in the video description below. That'll take you to a page where you can, you can go ahead and watch that.

And yeah, about 60, 70 minutes long. I strongly recommend you go through it. I think it'd be well worth your time.

And I break down these sales funnels because look, you know, you need to have the right sales funnel for your products and services specifically. If you don't, you're just not going to see results. It is as simple as that.

So I'd go ahead and check that out. Other free thing I want to mention is our Facebook ads mastermind group. So we are coming up on 60,000 members as of the recording this video, which is absolutely incredible.

One of the biggest communities of Facebook advertisers in the world is what we've built there. And it's an amazing place full of people just like you, Facebook advertisers that want to get better results from their Facebook ad campaigns and they're asking questions, getting them answered, sharing information, helping each other out. I do free live trainings in the group most weeks.

So if that sounds like something you want to be part of, go ahead and make sure you join. Again, link is in the video description below and it's completely free to do so. And yeah, hopefully we will see you on the other side.

Remember, thumbs up on the video, subscribe to my channel if you're new and best of luck with everything, guys. Thanks. Bye bye.