If your Facebook ads are costing you more than they should, then this video is for you. In it, I'm going to explain why some people pay more to reach the same audience with their Facebook ads and how you can make sure that you don't pay more than you have to. Larry, what the hell are you doing?

Larry! Larry, you can't just... Oh, laughing.

Oh! So what am I talking about here? Why does Meta charge some advertisers more than others to reach the same people?

That doesn't seem fair. Well, basically what's going on is that Meta analyzes your destination, your website, your landing page, wherever it is that you're sending people to after they click on your Facebook and Instagram ads. And if they don't like something about the destination that you're sending people to, you will end up being charged more.

And the difference can be really significant. Now, I've got Meta's support doc up about this. We've got some really good detail in here that we're going to go through because it's really, really important.

I'm going to start by reading some of the sentences just from this top section up here, starting with a second paragraph. It says, Below you'll find some of the key attributes of ad content and post-click experiences, like landing pages, that we consider low quality. If your ad contains any of these attributes, the ad quality component of your ad's total value may be relatively lower.

Skip the next bit, go on to the next paragraph, which says, that means it will cost more and see fewer results than it would if it did not contain these attributes and associations. And that's really what we're talking about here. If you have things on your landing page, on your website, that Meta doesn't like, or wherever you're sending people, that will hurt your results.

Meta is going to charge you a lot more to reach the same people. This is particularly important if you're seeing high CPMs. I often get people messaging and commenting, saying, my CPMs are really high.

And one of the most common reasons is this. Meta doesn't like something either about your ad or your post-click experience. And you need to change that if you want to bring your CPMs down.

And obviously, if you want to improve your overall Facebook ad results. So I'm going to talk about this ad quality stuff in a second. Before I do that, I want to get to the stuff that I think is actually most important where most advertisers go wrong if they are running into issues with this.

And that's their post-click experience, landing page, website, etc. When we talk about these issues with the post-click experience, with your landing page, with your website, it's not what me and you might think looks nice from a design standpoint or anything along those lines. That is different.

This is what Meta cares about. And it is different to simply design. Okay.

So you might be thinking, how could I possibly have an issue with my landing page? It looks fantastic. That doesn't necessarily make sense.

It could still look fantastic, but you could run into some of these issues because you've got stuff on there or don't have stuff on there and Meta would like you to make a change. Okay. So let's go through them.

So the first one is lack of substantive or original content. Now, if you've created a landing page where you've just copied information over from a competitor's website, particularly if they're also running Facebook ads, that could cause an issue. You could run into a low quality post-click experience.

Or if you've got a really lean landing page with not much information on it, not much information about the product or service, about the business, perhaps people can't navigate very well. Again, these are all issues that you might want to address. You might have created a landing page that you think looks great.

You've copied from a competitor, so it's got the best copy, but you're going to need to make some adjustments, make some changes to make it appear to Meta more original and make sure there's some stuff on there. That's also likely to help with conversions because people need to see benefits and features and reasons why they should buy and take action, all that sort of stuff anyway. Number two is disproportionate volume of ads relative to content.

I actually doubt that many people watching this video are going to run into this one as an issue. This is typically used by Meta advertisers looking to make money from ads on the site. They're looking to send people to like a listicle where people then have to click through 20 different pages to find out all the things on this list and there's an ad impression on each one and that sort of thing.

It just seems all quite spammy. They've got loads of ads sending people there and there's just not much substance to it. I doubt many people are going to run into that issue.

If you watch my videos, people primarily selling products and services and things like that. Now, number three is fairly self-explanatory. Basically, Meta doesn't want anything that is going to be annoying or disruptive to their users once they click on an ad and come through to your website.

We've all had that experience. We go through to website and there's pop-ups and things getting in the way and you're just like, ah, just get out of the way. I want to do whatever it is that I'm doing.

You can see here that it says it doesn't include legally required disclosures. So things around like cookies and tracking that we all have to have now, those are going to be fine. That's not going to be an issue.

But if you've got a pop-up trying to convince people to sign someone to sign up to your newsletter or an email list or give them a lead magnet or something on those lines or like an exit intent pop-up or something on those lines, Meta's not going to like that very much. Now, you may still decide that that's worth it because you go, yeah, we know we're going to end up paying a bit more through our ads than we need to because we've got this pop-up in there. But look, this pop-up has built a 20,000 person email list over the last couple of years.

And that email list does, you know, a huge amount of revenue for our business because we email them regularly and we build value and et cetera, et cetera. So you may decide that that's still worth it. You may decide that a number of these things are still worth it because it helps you with your overall business objective, but you need to be aware of the potential costs.

And that's that Meta might not like this and they might charge you more for ads as a result. Number four is unexpected content experiences. So I already talked about the main example of this, like a listicle where you've got to click through multiple pages.

And the reason why the publisher does that is because they want lots of ad impressions because they're trying to make more money from the ads on the page, sending people there than they have to pay to get people there in the first place. Not exactly the best business model, but obviously people do it. That's an example.

Again, not something I think many people watching this video are going to run into as an issue. More likely would be something along the lines of where you have to watch a video to then get through to any other pieces of content on that page. Like you have to watch a VSL in order to see the other information or to see the buy now button or whatever it is.

Or perhaps you have to watch a video in order to see navigation options. So you can move around someone's website and be able to take a look at different pages and things along those lines. Meta's not going to be happy with those options.

It can come across as a little bit deceitful. People weren't expecting it. It's not a good content experience.

And that's what Meta is all about. They don't want to train people who click on Facebook and Instagram ads to go, oh, I'm not going to do that because whenever I click on an ad, I end up somewhere spammy or something somewhere not good or somewhere annoying. And that would train users after clicking on ads, which obviously would massively negatively hurt Meta's business model.

And it would also hurt us other advertisers. It's a good thing that Meta does this. And that's the logic behind why they're doing all this.

And then number five is misleading experiences. So that's typically where someone clicks on an ad, they think they're going to come through to something that is not what they come through to, whether there's a real disconnect between the product or service being advertised in the ad and then what's actually on the landing page or something along those lines. It's something you'd want to avoid anyway as a Meta advertiser because that's not going to help you convert if there's not congruity between your ad and your landing page.

But it's also something that Meta is watching out for. So if you think like you might try and be a bit cute and clever and have an ad that's got like a bit of a different angle, but we'll get lots of engagement and then you'll be able to sort of sell something different on your landing page. A, that's not likely to work from a user behavior standpoint.

B, Meta is not going to like it either. The time where I think people watching my stuff might run into this one as an issue would be if they're like a drop shipper. I'm often quite critical of drop shippers.

I know drop shippers aren't always going to do things badly, but a lot of them do. For example, people click through and then there's an unexpected shipping cost or it takes three weeks to arrive, unexpected shipping time. These are the sorts of things that users just don't want and that would be potentially construed as a misleading experience by Meta if that's the sort of thing that's happening.

Oh, and by the way, if you want more input on how to navigate the big updates that keep coming to Facebook ads and you want to stay ahead of the curve with the most up-to-date strategies, check out the link in the description to find out more about my mentorship program. And Meta will also match some of the things that we've discussed, those five points, with some user behavior signals. So things like bounce rate.

How high is your bounce rate? Bounce rate is the percentage of people that come through to your website, to your landing page, and then leave almost immediately. If your bounce rate percentage is really high, that's an indication to Meta that people aren't having a good experience, people didn't find what they wanted to find when they clicked through.

And then dwell time. From those people that don't bounce, that do stick around on your website, are they staying there on average 20 seconds or two minutes? The longer, the better.

That shows it's a better user experience. People are interested in what they find. You're going to improve dwell time by providing more information about your product or service, more reasons to take that next step, to stick around, to find out more, but also making sure that your landing pages are designed well, both aesthetically, so they look good, but also from a navigation standpoint, improving the quality of your landing page is going to affect dwell time.

I think a lot of Facebook advertisers are surprised to hear that Meta is analysing this stuff. They are, and it's really important. In fact, many times we've taken on new clients and we've gotten them to clean up a lot of this stuff, and it's made a really big difference.

The first indicator is that a CPM's drop, and then what almost certainly follows that is better return on ad spend, better cost per conversion as a result. So don't ignore these things. Have a real think about your landing page and think.

Could Meta be thinking that I'm getting any of these bits wrong? I've got some stuff here they don't like. Could I make some adjustments?

Could I add some stuff? Could I make this more original? Could I improve the dwell time?

All that sort of stuff. Now, Meta also analyses your Facebook and Instagram ads fairly unsurprisingly. I think most advertisers are actually aware that they're analysing the stuff on platform.

It's the stuff off platform that they might not be thinking about as much, but it's worth discussing what they are looking for and what you want to watch out for when it comes to your ads themselves, because they've got three things that they particularly don't like. So the first is withholding information, clickbaity style stuff, where people have to click to find out the something. You give them a piece of the information, they've got to click through to find out the rest.

We all know that clickbaity style stuff works online. It gets people to click. Meta doesn't like it.

It's also very unlikely to result in an actual sale or a lead or something that your business really wants once they click through. So I wouldn't recommend it anyway, but just be aware that Meta is really hot on that. They don't like anything that withholds information and clickbaity type ads are normally the ones that do.

The second one is sensationalised language. Now, of course, you want to emphasise the benefits associated with your product or service. You want to tell people why it's so fantastic, why people should buy it, why they should inquire, all that sort of stuff, but you can go too far.

We've all probably seen ads that just seem incredibly hyperbolic and you look at them and you just think, that's ridiculous. It actually damages the advertiser's credibility and Meta doesn't like it either. So think about not only from a grammar standpoint, you know, how many exclamation marks or emphasis you want to put on things, but also are you making claims that are just over the top, that are unrealistic about your product and service?

Meta doesn't like this. Again, it's going to put off users because it's going to seem over the top, it's going to seem too far. You're not going to seem credible, but Meta's watching out for this.

And then the third is engagement bait. Now, these ads, you don't typically see them anymore, but they were very, very popular a number of years ago where people, for example, had to comment in order to be entered into a draw where they could win a, you know, whatever happens to be a flat screen TV, for example. That's engagement bait.

That's getting people to interact with your ad in an unnatural way to send engagement signals to Meta to hopefully reduce your CPMs and get that ad distributed to more people for less money. I need to see my likes. I got some, I got some likes.

Yes. Oh, thank God. Oh, I thought I didn't get any likes.

In fact, now, because Meta's aware of this and they've cracked down on it, it'll do the exact opposite. You're putting in engagement bait to try and reduce your CPMs to get cheaper ads. It's going to do the exact opposite.

You're going to end up spending more because Meta doesn't like this. And we know that if you have any of these issues, whether it's with the landing page or with the ad, that's exactly what Meta is going to do. They're probably not going to stop you advertising if you don't actually break the rules, but they are going to increase the cost to either A, incentivize you to stop advertising altogether, make you uncompetitive with your competitors, or B, which is what they probably rather, you change the ways you adjusted things so that you provided a better experience for their users and keep advertising.

So that's why they're doing this, as we've discussed. And again, alongside those three things, Meta is also going to take a look at user behavior around the ads. So how many people click hide ad or hide all ads from this advertiser or hide ad due to repetition or how many people report the ad?

The more that sort of stuff goes on, the more that Meta thinks, oh, okay, this advertiser isn't really doing what we want them to do on the platform. They're not keeping our users happy. Maybe we should punish them in effect with higher CPMs, charge them more to reach the same people.

Larry, what the hell are you... Larry! Larry, you can't just...

Oh, laughing. Oh, are you all right? I'm not...

And if you want a really quick and easy way to produce high quality ad creative that Facebook is happy for you to use, then check out this video. In it, I demonstrate one of my favorite Facebook ads tools that makes high quality ad creation so much easier.