Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to answer a big question. Do Facebook lead ads actually work? So what is a Facebook lead ad?

Well Facebook lead ad is just like a regular Facebook ad. But when you click on a Facebook lead ad, instead of being taken to a website, you stay within Facebook and are presented with a contact form. Now Facebook will pre-fill that contact form with the user's contact information because of course they have that because they have a Facebook account.

Now it makes it very easy for people just to click on the ad once and then click send because their data has automatically been entered into it. And because it's so easy for people to send their contact information, to sign up as a lead via a Facebook lead ad, they are actually very effective at generating enquiries. And if you're looking to generate leads for your business then you'll almost certainly pay less per lead using a Facebook lead ad than you will if you do the exact same thing but send them to your website and have them have to enter in all their details themselves and then send them to you.

So Facebook lead ads are great for generating a large quantity of leads relatively inexpensively and if you are a service based business in particular then I definitely recommend testing them potentially alongside your other Facebook ad campaigns to see if it does perform better. But, and there is a big but with Facebook lead ads and that's that the leads that are generated through Facebook lead ads are consistently worse quality than the leads that are generated from an equivalent campaign where people are sent to someone's website and asked to enquire. What we found is that the leads generated from Facebook lead ads often won't respond when you go to follow up with them, when you send them emails afterwards.

And we think that because it is so easy for them to submit their contact information, they're not as invested in the process. They're not really enquiring and as interested as much as they would be if they actually came through to someone's website, maybe checked out their portfolio or their previous work or whatever it is and then got in touch that way. So if you are going to use Facebook lead ads then make sure that in your lead generation form you require a phone number and that will make it much easier for you to actually make contact with the leads that come through the lead ad and because you'll be able to call them as soon as they become a lead and submit their details.

If you're just looking to email them you'll find that a lot of people just don't respond. As I said they're not as invested in the process whereas if you have someone's phone number, you can call them right away. And calling them right away is definitely something that I would recommend.

The longer you wait after someone has submitted their details via a lead ad, the harder you'll find it to convert that person into a client. So ideally within the same day, maybe even within a couple of hours, call the people that turn into leads via your Facebook lead ad and look to progress them to the next stage as quickly as possible. And just because the quality of the leads generated through lead ads aren't necessarily that great doesn't mean that they won't work really well for your business.

I have seen them work and there are businesses that will go, you know what, the quality of the leads via lead ads are less but we get so many more than if we send them to our website that it's worth that trade off. We're willing to take a slightly lower quality in lead because we're going to get so many more of them. So as I said, I'd recommend that you test it and you can test very small with a small budget.

You have very little to lose and if they do work for you really well, you'll be very glad that you took the time to run that experiment. And if you are looking for help with Facebook lead ads or any other form of Facebook ad campaign, we can almost certainly help you with that. Lead Guru, my company is a digital marketing agency that specializes in Facebook advertising.

And we've run lead ad campaigns, conversion campaigns, traffic campaigns, brand awareness campaigns, any sort of campaign that you can imagine on Facebook. We've run it for many different companies in many different industries. So whatever it is that you're looking to achieve on Facebook, we can almost certainly help you get there faster and help you get there spending less money on your ads themselves.

So if you're interested in working with us and interested in our services, you can let us know simply by leaving a comment below or you can click on the link in the video description. That'll take you through to our website. You'll obviously be able to get in contact with us there.

So hopefully I'll speak to you soon, but either way, I want to wish you the best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns and your lead ads in particular, if you do decide to give those a go. Bye for now. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.