Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook page likes and specifically I'm going to say that you should not buy Facebook page likes. Do not buy Facebook page likes. Now you've probably seen the sort of thing I'm talking about where someone will be offering 5,000 extra Facebook page likes for $10 and they'll be offering this on a website like Fiverr or something similar and it seems tempting.

You know, I just need to hand over $10, I get 5,000 Facebook page likes and if you were to go ahead and purchase a service like that you probably would see an additional 5,000 Facebook page likes on your Facebook page and you think great, that's exactly what I was after. But it's something I would strongly recommend that you don't do. I'm going to explain why in a second.

Before I get into that, I just want to quickly mention that at the end of this video I'm going to be talking about a couple of free Facebook marketing resources that I think you're going to be really, really interested in so make sure you stick around to the end of this video for those. Now with that said, why would I recommend that you don't buy Facebook page likes using a service like the one I just described? There's a couple of reasons.

The first reason is that when you do that, those Facebook page likes are nearly always all fake accounts. They're not real people. Okay, and the fact that they're not real people can lead to all sorts of issues.

So it really depends why you want Facebook page likes as well. You know, what are you looking for when you're looking to acquire Facebook page likes? A lot of people want Facebook page likes because they want people to engage with their content.

Well obviously if you buy Facebook page likes and the people you've got liking your page aren't real people, they aren't real accounts, they're obviously not going to engage with your content. Okay, they're not going to comment, like, share, so you're not going to achieve that objective. You might want Facebook page likes for the credibility it gives you.

You know, pages, businesses that are advertising on Facebook, that are marketing their products and services on Facebook, that have let's say 10-20,000 Facebook page likes, look more established and credible than businesses that have 150 Facebook page likes. And that's true. Okay, if you have more page likes, it does increase your credibility, you do look more established, and that helps you convert more clients and more prospects into clients and customers.

That is real. But when you use the buying the Facebook page likes method that I described, because they're fake accounts, they will slowly disappear. Well, not even slowly often, but they will disappear over time.

And because they're Facebook fake accounts, Facebook will detect their Facebook account, fake accounts, and they will start deleting, they'll disable those accounts. So you might buy 5,000 Facebook page likes today, and in a month's time, you've only got 4,000 left, because Facebook's algorithm detected this is a fake account, and they start shutting them down. And obviously, as they get shut down, they no longer register as a page like of yours.

And then the month after, it might be down to 3,000, they might be down to 2,000, they slowly sort of dwindle. So if you're doing it for credibility purposes, there's much better ways to go about doing that. I'm going to get to those in a bit.

The other reason why people want Facebook page likes is to use that as a technique to build a Facebook group. So you can invite people that like your Facebook page to join your Facebook group. It's something that I strongly recommend.

Facebook groups are awesome. They're one of the only places on Facebook where you still get a lot of organic reach, a lot of free reach, so you can put your products and services in front of your customers. So using that method, getting Facebook page likes and then converting those people into Facebook group members is something I strongly, strongly recommend you do.

I'll include a link in the video description to a video that shows you exactly how to do just that. I've done it a lot over the past 12 to 18 months. But obviously, if you've bought these Facebook page likes and they're fake accounts, no one's going to go ahead and join your group when you invite them to do so because they're fake accounts.

Okay, so those three methods, those three reasons why people want Facebook page likes, basically, you're not going to achieve any of those objectives if you go ahead and buy them through a service like what I recommended. The other reason why I'd strongly, strongly recommend that you do not buy Facebook page likes is that Facebook doesn't like it. Okay, so it breaches their terms of service to go ahead and do something like that.

And if Facebook detects that that's what you've done, if they can see that all the people that like your page are fake accounts, you've obviously bought one of these, you know, sort of services, they can suspend and even disable your Facebook page, which is disastrous if you're wanting to market your business on Facebook because you obviously can't market it if your page has been disabled. That'll also affect any advertising efforts that you're trying because you run ads from a Facebook page. If Facebook disable your Facebook page, you can no longer run ads.

It's just absolutely not worth it. Okay, that you do not want to buy Facebook page likes and have Facebook disable your account. And as I've already mentioned, you're unlikely to be able to achieve any of your objectives anyway, because they're fake accounts, they're not going to do any of the things that you want them to do.

Okay, so I strongly recommend that you don't buy Facebook page likes, you've seen why I'm going to recommend some strategies of how you can go about acquiring Facebook page likes in a second, because Facebook page likes are not useless. Some people say they are because organic reach on Facebook pages has dropped, and they may be less valuable than they used to be, but they still have a lot of value. The two main reasons I've already described, the first is credibility.

Okay, so if you look at my Facebook page, this is my Facebook page here. It's my name, Ben Heath, I'll include a link in the video description. If I scroll down, here you can see that I have, as of today, recording this, 123,000 Facebook page likes.

Okay, that gives me a lot of credibility. When I'm advertising my products and services on Facebook, people can see this, they go, okay, this guy knows what he's talking about. Okay, so that's the number one reason that credibility is important.

But also, I've been able to convert a lot of the people that like my Facebook page to people that are in my free Facebook group, my Facebook Ads Mastermind group. I'll also include a link to that in the video description. And you can see here, this here, Facebook Ads Mastermind group, you can see that I have, here we go, just under 30,000 group members.

And this has done amazing things for my business, because I can post things in here, like I've got here this live training I'm holding this afternoon. People will comment, they'll engage, doesn't cost me anything to put my stuff in front of my target market. Lots of our clients have come from my Facebook group.

So that's why you want Facebook page likes, they are worth getting, and they're worth spending some money and some time acquiring. So if I don't recommend buying Facebook page likes through the strategy I recommended, things like Fiverr where you pay $10, something like that, how should you go about acquiring Facebook page likes? I don't recommend that you try and do so organically.

So five or six years ago, a lot of experts recommended that you post to your Facebook page, five, six times a day, you post interesting content, people will see it, they will like your page, and then you build up a big enough audience and you're able to market your products and services. That's not really a thing anymore. It doesn't work.

As Facebook advertising has become more and more of an established thing, Facebook has reduced organic reach. So when you post your Facebook page, it's highly unlikely that many people are going to see what you post. As I said, that's even true with me and I have 123,000 Facebook page likes.

Okay. Now that's unfortunate, but there's nothing we can do about it. That's just the honest truth of the situation.

So if you're trying to acquire Facebook page likes for free by posting organically, it's just not going to work. It's not worth the effort. I have people ask me that all the time.

How do I get Facebook page likes for free? And I just say, don't even try. It's not worth it.

It's much, much better to run a Facebook ad campaign to try and acquire page likes. Now, when you run a Facebook ad campaign, it's very inexpensive to acquire a lot of Facebook page likes. That's the first thing I say.

It doesn't cost a lot of money because that's one of the things that people are obviously worried about. It's how much is it going to cost me to acquire, you know, lots of page likes. First thing I say is, obviously you don't need 123,000 like I've got, you know, my business is centered around Facebook marketing.

We put a lot of money into Facebook advertising. So, you know, you don't need that. You may only need a couple thousand to look credible and just start growing a Facebook group, and that's not going to cost you a huge amount of money.

Okay. So that's the first thing to basically not worry about. The other thing that I would mention around using a Facebook ad campaign to acquire Facebook page likes is that when you use that strategy, you're not going to run into any issues with Facebook, suspending your page, disabling your page, anything like that, because of course that's what Facebook want you to do.

They want you to run ads to acquire Facebook page likes. So you're not going to run into any of those issues. You can also guarantee that the people on the other end of your ads, the ones actually liking your page are going to be real people and real accounts.

Okay. Facebook is not going to put your ads in front of Facebook fake accounts. And what that means is that when you try and get people to take the actions you want them to take, like joining your Facebook group, you have a much higher chance of doing that.

Okay. So I strongly, strongly recommend that you go, the way you acquire Facebook page likes is you run a Facebook ad campaign. And just to show you, I'm going to jump into this example ad account just here, just to show you that Facebook really want you to do this.

Facebook have a campaign objective called page likes. So you want to select this objective, run a Facebook ad campaign and specifically get people to like your page. They even have a specific ad format whereby if someone clicks on the ad, they automatically like your page, they don't have to come through to it.

They're not sort of taken to a website or anything. So Facebook is very much geared up for businesses doing this. Now in this video, I'm not going to show you exactly how to set up a full Facebook page like campaign.

Instead, I'm going to link to another video in the video description. Make sure you check that out. It's called how to generate 80,000 Facebook page likes.

I recorded that video when I had 80,000, but now I've got a lot more, but I'd strongly recommend going through that. That shows you exactly how to do everything to do with creating a Facebook page like campaign from campaign setup, how to set up your targeting, ad creative, all that stuff. So if you want Facebook page go and go through that video, I just wanted to quickly show you that Facebook is geared up for that.

And as I said, there are lots of reasons why you might want Facebook page likes and that's how you should go about acquiring them. Okay. Now, before you go, I mentioned at the beginning of this video that there's a couple of free Facebook advertising resources that I think you're gonna be very interested in.

Obviously, if you want better results from Facebook, you want to be able to market your business on Facebook. The first is a free webinar. Now, this free webinar is called three killer Facebook advertising strategies to double or more your revenue.

And if you want better results from Facebook advertising, I strongly, strongly recommend you check this out. It's completely free. There will be a link in the video description.

And in this webinar, I cover three different strategies because when it comes to Facebook advertising, it doesn't matter how good your targeting is. It doesn't matter how engaging your ad creative is. If you're using the wrong strategy for your products and services specifically, you're not going to see great results.

There's no one size fits all when it comes to Facebook advertising. You need a different strategy for a $30 product as you do a $50,000 service. So that's why I break down in this webinar, basically go through three different strategies that we use all the time for our clients.

We've generated more than a million dollars with all three of these strategies, sometimes even on a monthly basis for our clients that are spending a lot on Facebook. So they're very much tried and tested. I'd strongly recommend check it out.

60, 70 minutes long. I think it'd be time very well spent. As I said, you need your strategy to be right to see great results for Facebook.

And that's exactly what this webinar show you how to do. The other thing I want to quickly mention, the other free resource I want to mention is my Facebook Ads Mastermind group. I already showed you that.

I'm going to jump back in this video and anyone can join this completely free. It's an amazing community. As I said, 29,000 plus members right now, full of Facebook advertisers.

Literally hundreds of questions are asked and hundreds of questions are answered by Facebook advertisers wanting to help each other out, wanting to level up our game and get better results. I'm in there all the time. I mean, you can literally see that as of the day of this recording, I'm holding a live training at 3pm this afternoon.

Okay, so I'm in there doing live trainings like this all the time. Strongly recommend you go ahead and join completely free. I'll accept the request.

And as I said, fantastic community. We would love to have you. Okay, if you enjoyed this video, I would really, really appreciate it if you let me know below in the comments.

If you've got any questions, pop in the comments, please give this video a like, give it a thumbs up, and give it a share. It's always appreciated. Don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel for more Facebook marketing, Facebook advertising related content, just like this helping you achieve fantastic things and also avoid big mistakes like buying Facebook page likes.

I've had clients do that. And I've never done it myself. But I've seen what happens.

I've had clients do that. And it's not gone well for them for the reasons that I've mentioned. So I can help you avoid making mistakes that get your account disabled, waste your money, etc, etc, as well.

So make sure you subscribe to my channel, turn on the little bell notifications so that every time I publish a new video, you are notified. And I will talk to you guys soon. Thanks a lot.

Bye bye.