My Facebook Ads agency has access to more than 400 ad accounts at any one time. We've literally managed thousands of ad accounts over the past nine years. So we have tons of data and we've analyzed that data and we've worked out why Facebook disables ad accounts and found that there are five reasons that account for nearly all the Facebook ad accounts that get banned.

And in this video, I'm going to show you what those five reasons are so you can avoid them and stop your Facebook ad account from getting disabled. Now, Meta is notoriously trigger happy when it comes to disabling Facebook ad accounts. It's probably the biggest single complaint that Facebook advertisers have is that it's really easy to get your ad account banned, get your ad account disabled, even when you don't think you're breaking the rules, you don't feel like you're doing anything wrong.

And a lot of advertisers fall into a trap where they think they are complying with the rules, but they're actually falling foul of at least one of them without realizing it can be a lot easier to do than you think. So I wanted to dig into that a little bit more and go through the five policies that advertisers violate without realizing it. I'm going to give you some examples and hopefully you might be able to adjust your advertising or adjust your plans for future ads so that you can sidestep these issues and avoid ads being disapproved.

And of course, the worst thing of all, which is your ad account to get disabled. Okay, so I've got a bunch of tabs open covering those policies that I just mentioned. And I want to start with this one, which is unrealistic outcomes.

Now, this is one of the ones that annoys me the most. I think it is far too strict, but, and you're going to hear me say this a lot throughout this video, we have to play by the rules, whether or not we agree with them or not, if we want to advertise on the platform and be able to reach the billions of people, literally, that Meta has as users that we can advertise to. We just have to play by the rules.

All the ad platforms have these rules, even if we think they are silly. And this one annoys me the most. So unrealistic outcomes.

This is one that advertisers often have issues with and run into issues with without realizing it. So it says here, Okay, unrealistic outcomes. Ad must not contain promises or suggestions of unrealistic outcomes as specified below for health, weight loss, or economic opportunity.

Okay, so some more information here. I'm not going to go through every little detail in here. You can obviously go ahead and check this out.

But I want to scroll down to some of the not allowed examples. So it starts with, well, they've mentioned economic opportunities here. Here they've got deceptive employment opportunities.

I guess they're somewhat related. But it says here, examples of things you can't put in your ads is, be your own boss or make $1,000 every month. Now, those don't seem like unrealistic outcomes, do they?

Like, there are many ways to either be your own boss or make at least $1,000 every month. Like, that's not difficult. In fact, I imagine the vast majority of people watching this video make at least $1,000 every month and are their own boss.

So this is where I just think this is silly. This is going way too far that, yeah, okay, if it was start from zero, make $1,000 a month within the next six months, yeah, that's an unrealistic outcome. This is certainly not.

And as I said, we run into this issue for a lot of our clients, even for our own ads, because we put out ads that demonstrate the results that we've got for our clients. So we might have ads that show. And these are screenshots, literally, of ad accounts.

Like, it's very verifiable that this is not unrealistic and this is true. But what we are doing is we are picking the examples of clients that we've been able to get the best results for. Everyone does that in their marketing, right?

If you've worked with 100 customers and you want to use testimonials from some, case studies from some, you're going to choose the top 10% to demonstrate because that's going to produce better results in terms of your marketing. It's still realistic, but obviously you're going to choose those. So we have clients, for example, that we've been able to get 20x return on ad spends for, 60x return on ad spends for.

Now, they're rare. Not every business is going to be able to achieve that. And we want to demonstrate that in our marketing because it makes us look fantastic, understandably so.

And we put that in there. And those ads can sometimes be disabled, which is very frustrating because we're literally saying, look, this is a screenshot you can, and meta of all people, you could verify that this is realistic because you can go into the ad account and see it. So what we've learned with this policy and with these rules is that even if the outcome that we're demonstrating is real, absolutely realistic, because it happened for some of our customers, for some of your customers, sometimes we have to tone it down a little bit and we have to go not with the outliers right at the top that have got a 60x ROAS, but maybe we could demonstrate a client that's got a 12x ROAS, which is still a fantastic result, but not quite as extreme.

And meta is going to be happy with that from a marketing standpoint. So you might need to think about that for your business. If you've been creating ads and showing some amazing results you've been able to get for your customers, clients, et cetera, maybe you need to just dial that down a little bit and go with ones that are still good and still impressive and still going to work from a marketing standpoint, but aren't quite as amazing as you'd like to shout about, which is why this one annoys me so much.

And I just love that the examples of unrealistic outcomes are actually very realistic outcomes. Okay, so let's go down to the next one, right? Misleading health claims.

So lose 5% of your body weight in a month. It's one of the things that's not allowed. They say that's unrealistic.

I'm kind of like, I mean, it's a lot, but it's not impossible. It's not that unrealistic. I mean, if you're a 200 pound person, you weigh 200 pounds, could you lose 10 pounds in a month?

Like, yeah, it's a lot, but is it doable? Absolutely. And I'm sure there are loads of businesses that offer exercise programs or nutrition programs and have multiple examples of people who have lost 5% or more of their body weight in a month, particularly if they're particularly overweight and then the person gets really committed and probably there'll be people who have achieved more than that.

So it annoys me, but because I do feel like this is realistic, but again, we have to play by the rules. So in that scenario, if you're a business in that case and you've got an example where someone's lost 20 pounds in the first month, you might need to dial that back down and show someone that's lost 6 pounds in the first month. Not ideal.

I know it goes against what's going to work best from a marketing standpoint, but like I said, we've got to play by the rules. Now, because it's AI, it's an algorithm that's working out whether or not your ads make unrealistic claims and are featuring unrealistic outcomes or not, one of the things that you can do is be smart about where you put certain pieces of information within your ad because there are certain places where it's easier for Meta's systems to pick it up than others. What I basically mean by that is you can normally get away with putting more of the, what Meta would quote to be an unrealistic outcome, even if it's completely true.

Hopefully, obviously, you'd only feature outcomes and make claims that are true and have happened. You can get away with that more in the creative than you can in the ad copy. So like I mentioned before, if we want to advertise like our done-for-you services and we want to use screenshots of client ad accounts where we've gotten amazing results, we can put more impressive results in the ad creative, either in imagery or we often will put it in like video and it would just be featured within there.

We could put in a 20x, 19x ROAS or something like that in the creative, but we couldn't put that in the ad copy because in the ad copy, it's text. It's easy for Meta's systems to work that out. They can flag it, disable the ad, and that could potentially get our ad account disabled as a result, whereas we can get away more with doing that in the ad creative.

So again, something to think about when you're putting your ads together and if you've had an ad be disapproved for unrealistic outcomes and you're worried about if you get too many of those strikes, as it were, and that's kind of how the system works, right? You get too many ads disapproved, that's when your ad account gets disabled. So if you've had some ads disapproved for unrealistic outcomes and hopefully Meta's given you that information and shown you why it's been disapproved and you're thinking, well, I don't want to do this again, try shifting that more into the ad creative and not putting it in the ad copy and you might find that your ads get approved more frequently.

Okay, so the second Meta advertiser policy that I want to highlight here is discriminatory practices. And when most advertisers see that, they think, well, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna do anything like that. I'm not gonna put anything that discriminates against people in my ads.

That would be madness. That wouldn't help my business. And they think because of that, they're not going to run into issues with this policy.

And they can do accidentally because this covers a lot more than you might initially think it does. If we read a bit more information here, I'll show you what I mean. So it says, ads must not discriminate or encourage discrimination against people based on personal attributes, such as, and then they give a whole list of what you'd expect, right?

So there's the obvious things that you would avoid and I don't need to describe in detail, but then there's things that you can accidentally do without realizing it at all. A good example would be a divorce lawyer. You got married again.

Yes. So I remember running ads for a divorce law firm. They specialize in that.

Now their ads were obviously targeted to the people that have been married and are now separated, wanting to get a divorce, in the process of a divorce. So you are therefore targeting, and not just me targeting from the settings within your ad set, I mean targeting with your messaging, you're putting in your ad copy and your creative, people based on family status. You're married, getting a divorce, that's family status, right?

That's a classic example of you could run into issues here and you think, well, of course I'm targeting people that were married and are now getting a divorce or thinking about it because that's what we do as a business. And you can end up with issues for silly things like that. Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never have I had so much business from one client.

Any products related to infants, you know, targeting parents of young children, those young children aren't going to make the buying decisions, obviously targeting the parent. Again, that could run into issues with things like family status. And what we found with those sorts of examples is you have to be clever about your messaging, your wording to still speak to the people that you're intending to put that ad in front of and get a reaction out of them, get engagement from them from the ad but without running into any issues.

So instead of saying things like, are you a parent or, you know, are you a parent of a newborn or something along those lines, any direct question like that is a big no-no. You can say things like, parents of newborns love our dot, dot, dot. Like that might be how you'd put it in the ad copy to make it very clear to people reading it that this product, this service, whatever is directed at the parents of newborn babies because it helps them do whatever it helps them do.

You say it more as like, parents of newborns love our dot, dot, dot, dot. It's less direct even though it still gets across the same information. And there are lots of other examples that you can run into with this.

Religion we've had issues with before where we've been selling for a client literature related to a particular religion and you can see how that might run into issues with this. It's obviously not how the policy, what the policy was intended to do. We're just trying to reach people that might be interested in these particular products.

But you can see how that was flagged by an algorithm. We've advertised services targeting expats previously. So that runs into the issue there with national origin.

If you're targeting people who live in a country who are expats, they come from another country, you have to be really careful with that. So again, it's all around being clever there in the messaging and not asking direct questions but saying people like this have done well with this type of product or service and that helps you sidestep this issue for the most part. Okay, so the next one I want to cover is a non-functioning landing page.

And this one sounds really obvious. You think, well, that's never gonna affect me. It comes up way more often, you think.

And it can be really easy to come up, let's say if you've got other people within your business or like an external agency or something, making website changes. You can be sending traffic from your Facebook ads to a landing page that was working and they're making changes and haven't realized that something broke and then it sends a non-functioning landing page. Before you know it, ads get disapproved, accounts get shut down.

We've had that happen more than once which is certainly not ideal. But if we read a bit more information that we've got here, it says, we also have a policy that ads can't direct people to non-functional landing pages. This includes landing page content that interferes with a person's ability to navigate away from the page.

Now, I really ran into this issue early on many, many years ago but it's still in place where I was sending people from Facebook and Instagram ads to a landing page that had an exit pop-up. So where someone tries to click to leave the tab, close that window down, whatever it is, and then a pop-up would be like, are you sure? Do you not want to grab this?

Meta was like, nah, didn't get any warnings, just disabled the ad account. I was able to get it back but an issue there, right? So you can't put exit pop-ups.

You can put exit intent pop-ups on a landing page. You might be thinking, well, it's not the same thing. No, an exit intent pop-up, instead of someone actually clicking to leave to navigate away and then the pop-up happening, it's before that.

So I'm sure you'll have seen this as a user. If you sort of scroll, you're on a landing page and you scroll to leave, as people are doing more and more things on mobile, this is probably less and less common, but if you're operating on a computer, as you sort of scroll back up to page to leave, the pop-up happens then. That you can do because you haven't stopped someone navigating away.

It's an exit intent pop-up. You can tell that someone's about to leave, they're trying to leave, and you're trying to grab them there to add them to an email list or give them a discount or the sorts of things that you typically see when you're on a website, particularly on desktop. So you can actually include those, just a little thing there.

But when it comes to landing pages, obviously make sure that everything's working. You don't want to be sending people to a non-working landing page because it's a waste of money anyway, but it can have ad account implications. And also I'd recommend that you double check your URLs that you're sending people to.

Part of this policy here, I'm sure, Emet has got it down here. Yeah, here we go. Look, pages that do not match the product or service promoted in the ad.

I've seen people run into the issue where they've got the URLs wrong and it was just an honest mistake, but they've ended up advertising one product and sending people to a different page on a website that sells a completely different product. And this policy is flagged because of it. And that's led to the ad being disapproved.

So just double check your URLs, triple check that your landing pages are working, that contact form's working, that buy now buttons are working. You want to be doing this anyway, otherwise it's a complete waste of money. But just hopefully this is a little bit of extra incentive to actually do that, knowing that it could have ad account implications as well.

And then finally on this one, you can't send people to a landing page from your Facebook and Instagram ads that's a complete dead end. So you can't send people to a landing page where they can't then, like there's no links to anything else. You don't have to have a full menu.

You can sometimes just have like footer links. So to maybe a contact page, a privacy policy, terms and conditions. You don't need a huge amount, but you do need to have something.

It can't just be a full landing page where there's no header navigation, no footer navigation, just no way to actually leave. Meta doesn't like that. The next one is personal health and appearance.

I'm going to highlight this little section here. We've got a bit more information about this from Meta. This one happens all the time, particularly for certain types of businesses, they run into issues.

So it says, our advertising policy prohibits ads that generate a negative perception or imply unrealistic or unexpected results. That, as you're reading that, you're probably thinking, that's really broad. That can encompass a lot of things.

And you are right. Sometimes a negative self-perception can be triggered by using examples of physical attributes in your creative that are someone that looks fantastic. And if you're selling something that helps people improve their physical appearance, you want to emphasize the fantastic thing so it totally makes sense from a marketing standpoint.

And that could create a negative self-perception, but Meta's not super happy with it. So what do you actually do here? Be very careful when you're focusing in on particularly specific personal attributes.

So think dentists, for example. We ran into this with dentists before where you are demonstrating in your ad creative a lot of imagery of people with fantastic looking teeth and smiles and things like that. Meta can have issues with those sorts of things.

So there are ways to get around this. So with the dentist example, instead of just being really zoomed in on the mouth, you've just got to zoom further out. And that's actually something that's quite common when we're emphasizing not with physical attributes to not get flagged by Meta's systems for ad disapproval, potentially ad account shutdown, is don't get too specific.

Zoom out. That can apply to other things. If it's something to do with someone's hair, just don't have it super focused in on one point.

If you zoom out and show more of the person, that seems to help. If you're promoting anything to do with physical attributes, the person has more clothes on over less. Again, I know that's probably not good from a marketing standpoint because you want to be able to show off the great work that you can do for people, but we have to play by the rules.

And then in the ad copy, it's the same thing as with the unrealistic outcomes. So instead of being really direct, like, do you have excess body fat? Here's how you fix it.

Da-da-da-da-da. You need to be things like people with excess body fat or a certain type of something found this to be really helpful. Studies show that this improved, you know, this certain product improves outcomes related to reducing body fat percentage or whatever it happens to be, right?

There are ways around it and hopefully you understand the difference there in that wording. It's less direct. It's more people like this who have this problem have found this solution to work for them.

Now, based on our targeting, we're pretty sure that you're going to have this problem as well and therefore this will speak to you. But that's sort of implied. It can still work, but that's sort of implied.

You also have to be really careful with this one, with this point in conjunction with the unrealistic outcomes. So if we think, oh, okay, we're kind of going into personal attributes here and we're kind of getting potentially in trouble with unrealistic outcomes, then you have to dial it back even further. Again, I know it's not what you want to do, but like I said, you've got to play by the rules.

Number five, unacceptable business practices in advertising. So ads must not promote products, services, schemes, or offers using identified, deceptive, or misleading practices, including those meant to scam people out of money or personal information. Now, that sounds really quite strong, but Meta, I would say, doesn't always use this policy to disapprove ads and ban ad accounts that do something that is as strong as what's described there where you're trying to scam people, for example.

They use this as a bit of a catch-all if they just get a sense that you're doing something a little bit dodgy. Now, it goes without saying that don't actually try and do anything dodgy. If you do, your ad account will get shut down and it should.

You know, we don't want advertisers on the platform to do things like that because that's going to hurt other advertisers because that trains them to trust advertisers less. So it's good that Meta closes down ad accounts for businesses that are actually doing something dodgy. So if you're trying to do a scam or anything, it's just not going to work, like don't bother and please don't hurt the platform because it hurts all the rest of us.

But assuming you aren't actually doing anything dodgy and you get hit with one of these and Meta should tell you if it's this, by the way. So whenever they disapprove ads or even ban an ad account, they should give you a reason why. They're not always great at that, but they should give you a reason why.

And if you see it's unacceptable business practices and you're looking at ads going, no, it's not. You probably just have to request a review. You probably just have to go through the system to get it back and you should get it back.

When we see with really quite strong certainty that we're going to get the ad account reinstated, with some of the other ones it's more difficult. Like if you've violated like personal health and attributes, it's more difficult to get the ad account back. If you've run into issues with unrealistic outcomes, if you can back up the outcome, you're normally fine with that.

But there are other policies that if you violate even accidentally, it'd be hard to get it back. This one, you can often get it back and they do use this as a bit of a catch-all. This one's probably the most tricky.

So if you have been hit with this, probably not much you could have done to avoid it, but you can request a review and get it back. And I've actually got some other techniques for getting ad accounts back that do get banned that I'll tell you about in a minute. I also wanted to give you a quick bonus point here, something that's not technically included within the policies, but that is actually another reason why ad accounts get disabled quite often.

I'm in an example ad account just to quickly demonstrate this. I'm going to quickly create a new campaign. I'm just going to go ahead and create a leads campaign, but this would apply to other campaign types.

I'm going to go with manual, click continue. And I'm just going to quickly jump in at the campaign level, which is loaded up straight away for me. And we've got this special ad category section.

So special ad categories, you can see here, Meta gives some more information. Declare if your ads are related to credit, employment, housing, social issues, elections, or politics. Requirements differ by country.

So any ads that relate to one of those things are ads within a special ad category. And you need to declare that you are within a special ad category if you are. If you don't and try and run ads anyway, your ad account is very likely to be disabled and getting it back will be very, very difficult.

I've often spoken to advertisers that are like, well, I wasn't sure if I did or not. Much better to go in, you know, categorize your ads and declare these categories. You can say declare a category.

Say, yeah, this is with credit. If you're on the fence, go ahead and put it in. The downsides to declaring a special ad category is that you will have limited targeting options when you get to the ad set level.

But to be honest, Meta is doing more and more targeting for us automatically anyway. So many advertisers are going with open targeting or advantage plus audience or things that are much more broad and much more open that I don't think that's actually the downside that it used to be. It's much better to do that, have the limited targeting options and not therefore risk that your ads are going to be turned off and your whole ad account closed because you did not actually go ahead and declare a special ad category.

So if you've got campaigns live now and you thought, yeah, is it related to employment? Is it related to housing? Make sure you go ahead and get these ins and then think about that for all future ads as well.

Much better to over declare than under declare when it comes to this one. Now, if all this sounds like a minefield and you're just thinking, this is way too complicated, I'd much rather have someone else create and manage my Facebook ads for me. That is something that my agency can do and we can almost certainly help you get much better results by doing so as well.

So if you're interested, there is a link in the description. You can click on that, go ahead and book a free call with my team. No obligation, just to find out more information about how we might be able to help at this stage.

As I said, we can dodge these various policies on your behalf and help you get much better results. So go ahead and book that call if you're interested and hopefully we get a chance to work together. So I've covered the most common reasons why Facebook ad accounts get banned and hopefully by going through this video, you now have a much better chance of avoiding that happening to you.

But what do you do if your Facebook ad account has already been banned? How do you get it back? Well, I'll show you exactly how we do it in this video here.

Fortunately, most of the time you can recover a disabled Facebook ad account if you know how and I show you the exact details that we go through and we've done this a whole bunch in this video right here. Go ahead, check it out.