Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to answer a big question and that's does Facebook marketing still work in 2019? Now I have a lot of people ask me and they talk about the fact that organic reach has really dropped off on Facebook in the last few years and it has and that the cost of Facebook advertising is a lot more expensive now than it was five, six years ago and that's also true. But to really sort of answer the does Facebook marketing still work question, I've got a few screenshots that I want to show you.

Now this is on the homepage of our website, I can include a link in the video description in case you want to check these out yourself. But I just want to quickly go through them. So here's the first company, these are all campaigns I've about to show you that have been run in the last 12 months so they're very relevant and current.

Now for this company we spent over £100,000, £102,000 on Facebook ads. That generated 15,797 leads for a cost per lead of £6.50 each. Now £6.50 cost per lead, bearing in mind that this business's average customer value is £3,000 is a fantastic return on investment, very, very profitable for this campaign.

They obviously operate at some scale to generate that many leads and be able to actually service that much business. Okay, move on to the next one. So that's a service-based company.

Now we've got an e-commerce company. With this business we spent quite a bit less, £26,500 on Facebook ads, but that generated over half a million pounds, £511,000 in revenue. That's a return on ad spend of £19.31.

It's a fantastic return on ad spend. It means that for every pound they spend on Facebook ads, this company is generating £19.31 in revenue as a result. Just quickly on to a third one.

This is another lead-based company, operates at a smaller scale. We spent just over £20,000 this company, but that generated £17,470 for an average cost per lead of £1.17. Now their average customer value is not as high as this company up here, so they can't afford to pay quite as much per lead, but you're probably looking at an average customer value here of £500 to £1,000.

So £1.17 per lead is absolutely fantastic. So these screenshots show that absolutely Facebook marketing can work, but there's important points I really quickly want to cover. Organic reach on Facebook has basically disappeared.

You will not get your stuff in front of people for free by just posting it to your Facebook page, Facebook groups, things like that. You have to pay to promote your products and services. You'll notice that all three of these here, they're all Facebook ad campaigns.

So you have to advertise. If you're marketing on Facebook, if you're interested in Facebook marketing, you need to advertise your products and services. The second thing I'll say is that just because yes, Facebook marketing does work, it works fantastically right now in 2019, it will continue to do so for many years' time.

That doesn't mean that just because you advertise your products and services on this platform, that Facebook marketing will work for you. In order to make Facebook marketing work for you, you need to be offering something that people are legitimately interested in. That means it has to be better or different at least to a lot of your competition.

That could be based on price, that could be based on payment terms, that could be something new and innovative. There's a whole different ways you can make something better or different, but it needs to stand out to work. You also need a well-crafted Facebook ad campaign.

So advertising on Facebook is a skill and just like any other skill, it takes time to develop that and it takes expertise to develop that if you don't have it yourself work with someone else. They need to know what sort of campaign objective to use, the right targeting options, how to put ad creative, imagery, videos, copy together to get that ad campaign to perform well. Once you've got those things in place, a well-skilled, a well-crafted Facebook ad campaign, a great offer that is genuinely better or different to your competition, then Facebook marketing is likely to work fantastically well for you in 2019, in future years, and it can be an amazing source of business because of how many people use Facebook on a daily basis.

Now, you've seen that video, you know that if you want to be marketing your business on Facebook, if you're interested in Facebook marketing, you need to be advertising on Facebook. So to help you do that, I've created a five-part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free. Now, this contains some of the best performing ads we've created for a number of different businesses.

You can model from those ads, you can take a look at them. We've broken each ad down, explain what we've included and why. It should really help you if you're looking to advertise your business on Facebook.

So go ahead and download that. It's completely free. Click on the link in the video description.

That'll take you to a page on our website and you can download it there. So hopefully this video has been useful. If it has, please give it a thumbs up.

Don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel for more Facebook advertising related content. If you've got any questions, comments, leave them below. I will answer them.

If Facebook marketing is working really well for you, great. Pop that in the comments below. If it hasn't worked for you in the past and you're convinced that Facebook marketing doesn't work in 2019, again, pop that in the comments below.

I'll be happy to sort of answer that and see where you may have gone wrong and may be able to make it work for your business. Go ahead and download the five part Facebook ad template. You'll find it really useful.

And bye for now. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye bye.