Here's a question you've probably never been asked before. Are your Facebook ads ready for Q5? Yes, I really did say Q5 as in the fifth quarter of 2024.

Well, for some businesses, this is the absolute best time of year to advertise. Let me explain what I'm talking about. So Q5 as in the fifth quarter is a term that some expert marketers use to refer to the period of time that starts roughly around about the 20th, 21st of December and runs until the 31st of December, those last 10 days or so of the year.

Now, obviously, technically, that part of the year is part of Q4, but from a marketing standpoint, it needs to be treated very differently. So advertiser competition is reduced and therefore the cost of advertising is reduced as well. But what's happening sort of on the other side of this?

What are buyers doing? What are consumers doing around this time? So buyer activity does reduce because for the most part, people have bought their Christmas presents.

So, you know, that huge part of demand really dries up all of a sudden. Yes, I know some people won't have done it and they're more likely to go in store and some Facebook and Instagram advertisers are trying to reach those people on the platform to get people in store, but the majority of budget is spent to generate online transactions and that's why it stops around that time period because shipping time cut off to guarantee before Christmas has happened, right? So buyer activity changes.

There's a lot less buying for others, more buying for themselves. It does not reduce proportionately to the reduction in advertiser competition. So we see a greater reduction in the cost of advertising than we do in like the proportional reduction in buyer activity.

And I actually want to break Q5 down into two parts and explain this a little bit further. So we've got that first part of Q5, which is sort of 21st edition December till Christmas day, where, like I said, advertiser competition is reduced, costs have reduced potentially an opportunity for advertisers. And then we've got that second part, which is sort of after Christmas day till New Year's Eve, the 26th to the 31st roughly.

Now that second half, for a lot of advertisers, the opportunity there is to treat that almost like Black Friday. Consumers have been trained to expect great deals, expect great discounts during that time period because in the past, a lot of companies have had extra stock that they had bought in for Christmas and now they're willing to let it go cheap that they didn't manage to sell. So they offer large discounts.

So people somewhat expect it like they do with Black Friday and that causes increased competition. I know this varies to some extent where you are in the world, but like here in the UK, Boxing Day, which is the day after Christmas day, the 26th of December, it's like a very well-known thing that people go mad for shopping and buying things and they're trying to get all sorts of deals and discounts and things like that. So I see a lot of Facebook advertisers, they run their ad campaigns, they turn them off or scale right down about the 20th, 21st of December and they think, okay, how did we do this period?

And then they miss out on this next section. They miss out on the first and particularly that second part of Q5 between Christmas and New Year where there's a lot of buyer activity and they could reposition how they advertise and change the messaging slightly and generate a ton of relatively inexpensive leads and sales. One thing to mention around buyer and consumer activity is that between, you know, those 10 days of Q5, people take time off work.

In the Northern Hemisphere, at least, the weather's not normally very good, middle of winter. So they're inside, they spend a lot of time on their phones and we can see this in the data. So during that time period, Instagram usage will go up, Facebook usage will go up.

So there's more eyeballs, more impressions to be had. So you've got less advertiser activity, less competition. You've got more user activity, really drives down CPMs.

And like I said, it's a fantastic opportunity for some advertisers to really take advantage of this time period. But you do need to change things slightly. I'm going to run through that in a second.

We'll get back to the video in a second. Before we do, I just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program. Now with my mentorship program, me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results.

We've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees. We'll pop them up on screen right now. In fact, 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable improvement in their Facebook ads return on ad spend within just 30 days of joining.

And that's a stat that I'm really proud of. There is a link in the video description below. You can click on that coming through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you.

Hopefully we get a chance to work together. Okay, so how do you take advantage of Q5 as an advertiser? Because there are things you need to do differently with your Facebook and Instagram ads to get the best possible results during this time period.

So like I already said, think about particularly the post-Christmas part of it, the second part of it, as almost like a Black Friday sale. So heavy discounts, bundled offers, consumers are looking for deals. So you need to provide them with that if you want to generate a load of new customers during this time period.

You also want to make sure that it's very clear in the ads themselves, in the copy, in the imagery, in the videos, overlay stuff, overlay your creative with text that sort of confirms that this is a Christmas clearance sale, that they're getting an extra special deal because this is the extra stock that we bought in to try and sell before Christmas, et cetera, et cetera. Even if that's not necessarily the case and your stock levels are more consistent throughout the year or whatever, that's all absolutely fine. But just tie it into why they're getting such a good discount.

Because if consumers understand why they're getting such a good discount, they're far less skeptical of it. They're far more likely to believe that it's genuine and they're more likely, therefore, to take action. They're like, oh, okay, yeah, that makes sense why I'm now getting 60% off or 30% off this thing because, you know, this is a Christmas clearance sale, right?

They had extra stock that they wanted to get rid of. You absolutely want to make sure that the ads and your creative in particular is seasonally relevant. Like, don't ignore that time of year.

It's not usual. It's different. You want, if you just run your regular ads, they're not going to perform as well as if you've got, like I said, language saying this is a Christmas clearance sale or, you know, trying to tie it into the beginning of the new year.

Like, I know in that second half in particular, a lot of businesses do really well who are, you know, fitness related, health related because people are sort of starting to gear up now. Okay, Christmas is done. Yeah, there's New Year's but, you know, I'm starting to think about my goals, my New Year's resolutions and doing all these things that I want to do in the new year.

So those businesses can get a jump early and start advertising in Q5, particularly for those that second half of Q5 after Christmas before New Year. You also want to change up the messaging. So instead of thinking about you're selling products that people are going to buy for other people as gifts, you want to change the messaging so that it's gifts for them.

So a lot of businesses in the right up to Christmas, if their products are bought as gifts or even services as well, they will put that in their ad copy and actually quite like that because it's giving a specific use case, people are more likely to be like, oh yeah, I could buy that for such and such. Like, oh, I've been thinking about that for, you know, my wife or my husband or my kids or whatever. Great, okay, I'm going to buy one of those.

You want to change that messaging and I think in that time period as well, a gift for yourself is quite a nice phrasing. Like, you've done all this buying for other people, you've thought about them loads, now there's, you know, this special offer, it's just for you, why not treat yourself? You've been treating everyone else, you've been taking care of other people, why not treat yourself?

It's good language to tap into. Okay, very important that you also include urgency in your messaging. So if you're going to be running Black Friday style offers, one of the really important things about a Black Friday style offer is that it has an end date and that gets people to take action now.

So if you are running special deals, you can say this is available until New Year's Eve, until, you know, for the rest of the year and be very, very clear in that. That wants to be in your ad copy, that wants to be in your ad creative because if people see something, they think, oh, that's great, oh, I've only got two days, I've only got five days to go ahead and jump on this, they're far more likely to go ahead and take action. So it's one of the things that advertisers don't use anywhere near enough is urgency, which is a time limit and scarcity.

We've only got so many of these left. If that's relevant, absolutely include that in your ads as well. These are two separate points but really important to get in there.

It's one of the easiest low-hanging fruit things available within Facebook ads is if you can only take on four new clients this month, say it in your ads. If you've only got 15 left of whatever it is you sell, say it in your ads. People are far more likely to take action because they don't want to miss out.

The fear of missing out is very real and absolutely can be part of your marketing strategy. And before you go, you have to watch this video. In it, I condense my 11 years of Facebook ads experience and share the most important lessons that I've learned spending more than $100 million on Facebook ads.

Go ahead and check it out.