Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook Ads CTAs. Which call to action button should you be using in your Facebook Ads? I see tons of Facebook advertisers getting this wrong.

It's very important that you get this right. It can make a big difference to your results. So I thought I'd create a video going through the CTA options, or some of them at least, and explaining which one you want to use and when and how you can work out which one you should use in your Facebook ad campaigns.

Before I get into it, I want to very quickly ask you to hit that thumbs up button and of course subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already. Very very important if Facebook and Instagram Ads is important to your business to go ahead and subscribe. I can help keep you up to date with all the changes going on with Facebook and Instagram advertising which is monthly if not weekly at the moment.

So very important you subscribe if you haven't already. Make sure you see my new stuff. Okay, so I've created an example conversions campaign.

That's what we use the most. I'm going to jump to the ad level. Obviously the CTA, the call to action button, is done or selected at the ad level.

So I've just put together, well I haven't even put together an ad, I've just grabbed an image just for demonstration purposes. This is not how I'd run in an actual ad. But if we scroll, let's minimize that, you can see here we've got this learn more button and that's the default call to action.

You can see this call to action section that Facebook provides and you see once you click on this little down arrow, you get tons and tons of options okay that are available here. Now firstly, most of the time I'm not going to recommend no button. I'm going to recommend including a button.

Lots of people will click on that button more than you think and you want it to help affirm the action that you want people to take. Now the biggest mistake I see people make here is they either leave it as learn more when it's not appropriate okay. So if the action the next put that someone's taking is not learning more, don't just leave it at learn more, or they use a call to action that is more appropriate for further along the sales funnel as opposed to the next step.

Okay let me give you an example. Let's say for example I was advertising an online course. Someone's going to become qualified in something right.

I would almost certainly in that scenario want to use learn more, watch more, something like that because I want to give people a little bit of information about what's on offer, get them through to my website or wherever it is I'm taking them so they can learn more about the course offering. A course for example is a really considered purchase and someone's going to probably be investing you know particularly if it's to get some sort of professional qualification right. They're going to be investing a good amount of money into it and probably a lot of time.

You don't want to scare them by asking for the next step. So in that scenario you would want to use something like learn more or watch more, something along those lines so they can go that's the action the very next action you want to take. You wouldn't want to use sign up and that's one of the mistakes I see happen a lot is someone will use sign up and that's going to put a lot of people off.

It's too aggressive, it's too, you're making too big an assumption of people that they're going to go through and sign up straight away. They're going hang on I'm not I'm not clicking on this I'm not signing up. No no no that's too much I'll click through and learn more I'll find out a bit more information but I'm not signing up.

Okay these sort of psychological things really do matter. So as I said that's probably the single biggest mistake people that I see people make is using something that's too far down the sales funnel and scaring people. People don't want to commit.

You look at that sort of situation where you know your friend asked you to do something and you're there like you don't really respond to their message because you're like ah I don't know if I want to commit to that yet I don't have any plans but I might do etc etc. You know that sort of that natural feeling that you you delay doing something you delay committing to something exactly the same process that's going on with this. Don't don't put something in your ad use a call to action button that sounds scary and like they need to make a big commitment.

Likewise don't leave it at learn more if that's completely inappropriate. So if for example your next action that you want people to take a big step of the week is to go ahead and purchase for example or download be a great option if you're advertising a lead magnet. Don't think learn more.

They don't need to learn more. They just go ahead and click download. Get offer for example.

You know you could have shop now if you're an e-commerce business that's one we'd use a lot. You don't want to learn more if it's a really simple easy to buy impulse purchase product. Someone's like I don't want to click through to a page and learn more and have all this information I've got to read through first.

I just want to click through and buy it. Shop now gives that impression. You're learning giving people an idea of what's going to happen once they click.

Remember there's always going to be natural resistance from people clicking off of Facebook or Instagram to your website. I'm not saying they won't but there's always going to be a bit of like I don't really want to. I'm on here doing this thing.

I don't want to be interrupted. So make sure it's really appropriate. That would be another classic issue.

So the way to think about this is the option you want to use is should describe the immediate action you want someone to take. What are they going to do right now as soon as they click? Okay are they going to download something?

Are they going to learn more? Often learn more is appropriate. Are they going to shop now?

Do you want them to click through and then just buy the product straight away? They don't need to know a huge amount about it. Click through and buy.

Are they going to book now if it's you know a free consultation for example? Are they going to subscribe? Use the one that is exactly the next step.

Don't use the one that's three steps down the line and don't use one that's not appropriate. The one that's the very next step. Okay simple point simple video but hopefully that can help you guys select the right one get better results.

We've tested this it can make 15-20% difference just using the right call to action here. So well worth getting this right and hopefully helps you get better results. Before you go a couple of things I want to quickly mention the first is that Facebook advertising services.

My company Lead Guru is a specialist Facebook and Instagram advertising agency. We create manage and optimize Facebook ad campaigns for our clients. So if that sounds like something you're interested in you can book a free call with one of my team members.

There's a link in the video description below. We do have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement but if you meet that absolutely go ahead book a call have a chat with us find out more about our service we can find out more about your business see if we'd be a good fit and yeah hopefully we get the chance to work together. Other thing I want to mention is my Facebook ads mastermind group.

This is a free Facebook group that currently has over 130,000 members. It's amazing online community full of Facebook advertisers just like you wanting to get better results asking questions getting them answered. I'm in there all the time.

Great community to be part of if you're a Facebook and Instagram advertiser. Link is in the description completely free to join. We'd love to see you over there.

If you found this video useful please give it that thumbs up. Comment below if you've got questions. Comment below with feedback.

I can't respond to everything but I certainly see it all and of course make sure you're subscribed for little bits of information like this. They're going to help you get better results. Thanks a lot guys.

Bye for now.