Should you combine ad sets in your Facebook ad campaigns? Facebook has been recommending this a lot. A lot of Facebook advertisers have seen pop-ups in their ad accounts saying, you should combine these ad sets, you've got audience fragmentation, you'll get better results if you do.

Now that contradicts a lot of what people like me recommend. So people are wondering, what should I do? Should I go with what Facebook recommends?

Should I go with what I've traditionally done? That's what I'm going to talk about in this video. Now, before I get into my recommendation, I want to quickly cover what Facebook say you get as the benefit from combining ad sets.

So running less ad sets and let's say instead of having, I don't know, four different ad sets with one interest targeting option in each, they would rather you combine that into one ad set than all four interests in that one ad set. That's typically the sort of thing that we see and that Facebook recommends. And this is what Facebook say you are likely to get.

So combining similar ad sets and campaigns can help you spend your budget efficiently and optimize performance. What they're talking about there is you're combining, you're basically consolidating data, right? So you have larger audiences.

If all your budget is spent through say one ad set, you're going to generate more conversions. You're going to get out of the learning phase faster. And that's what they talk about.

Minimize time and budget spent in the learning phase. And they're right. And what you typically see when you combine ad sets, let's say, as I say, you've got four different interest-based ad sets in a campaign.

And you combine those into one, you put all four interests together, you will usually see better results in the short run. And that's the key here in the short run. Why?

You have larger audiences. Facebook's writing that you have more ad spend going for that one ad set. So you get more conversions, you get out of the learning phase faster.

So if you're going to combine, let's say, the setup that people used to use and that I would still recommend, the way you have four different ad sets with one interest in each ad set, versus combining that all into one ad set, the combined one is likely to form better over the next two weeks, month, something like that. But here's the issue. The results that you get from that combined ad set is a blended average.

So you are getting the results that is the average of those four interests. Okay. If you keep them separate, you get to see exactly how each interest performs by itself.

And the likelihood is that there's one or two interests that perform better than the others. If you have that data and you know how they can perform by themselves, you can then pause the underperformers, only focus on the best performing options and get overall better results over the long run by being more specific and focusing on the better options. You know, if you've got four, if your combined ad set, let's say generates a cost per purchase of $20, well, you might separate them all out and see that ad set A produces a cost per purchase of $22, ad set B is $24, but ad set C is $16 and ad set D is $15.

Okay. Well, instead of taking that average of 20, but my maths may be off there and you know, it may not average out quite a 20, but you know what I'm talking about. Instead of just taking the average of 20 and running with that, you could go, no, no, I'm going to get rid of the two more expensive ones.

Just focus on the two best performers. And that's going to help me improve my campaigns over the long run. So I can absolutely see why Facebook's recommending it.

A lot of Facebook, what they want to do is get advertisers to get good results early because they know advertisers are likely to stay. They're likely to spend more if they do. So I can see why the recommendation helps advertisers initially and helps Facebook achieve its objectives.

But I think if you're a higher level Facebook advertiser who is going to put time and effort into this and think about it, you are better off keeping things separate, having the more specific data and being able to optimise to a greater degree. It's a competitive advantage for you to not do it that way. So I had a lot of questions about this, wanted to quickly explain.

Hopefully that is helpful. Before we go, one thing I want to quickly mention is our Facebook advertising services. So my company, Lead Guru, is a specialist Facebook and Instagram advertising agency.

We create, manage and optimise Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for clients. So if you're spending at least 3k per month, that's our minimum budget requirement and you'd be interested in finding out more and seeing if we can get you better results, which we could almost certainly do, you can book a free call with one of my team members and there's a link in the video description below. Just go ahead and click on that, take you through to a page on our website.

You can book a slot directly in that works for you. Just an informal chat to find out more about our service. We can find out about your business, how we might be able to help and yeah, hopefully you get a chance to work together.

If you found this video useful, please give it a thumbs up. Please comment below to let me know and of course subscribe to my channel for more Facebook and Instagram advertising related content. Thanks guys.

Bye for now.