Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about whether or not you should use external tools to help you get better results with your Facebook advertising. Now what I mean by external tools are tools, software that Facebook doesn't provide themselves. So third party companies that have created things, I'm sure you've seen some of these.

If you're interested in Facebook advertising you'll see ads pop up for them all the time. And there's lots of them available. I'm not going to talk about any specifics but personally I don't like to use them.

I prefer to stick to the tools that Facebook provides. I think they provide fantastic free tools that enable me to get the job done. So what I mean by that is things like Facebook's Ads Manager, Facebook's Audience Insights tool for doing customer research, Facebook's Ad Library to be able to hack your competitors' ads, see what they're advertising and then of course take a look at their sales funnels and all that sort of stuff.

So I find that I can get fantastic results with those tools specifically. I'm sure there are people watching this video and I'm sure there are people that think there's a lot of value in these external tools. They really help them get better results from Facebook advertising.

But in my experience I haven't seen it. So I've tested a number of these tools myself. I work with a lot of clients that use these tools and have used these tools and I tend to find them not worth it.

Not worth the cost involved. Not worth the time it takes to work out to use them. And a lot of these tools are focused around automation.

So they're focused around, okay, if this happens we would like this to be triggered, this campaign to be turned on, this ad to be turned off, all that sort of stuff. And in general I'm a bit sceptical of automation, automating those tasks when it comes to Facebook advertising because I think you as a Facebook advertiser, you lose a sense of what's going on in your ad account, what's delivering the best results. And it's really important that you know that stuff.

You know, if you're advertising on Facebook and you see that as a central part of your marketing, it's perfectly acceptable to be spending quite a bit of time in your Facebook ad account, particularly obviously if you're running campaigns for clients, to be spending quite a bit of time in your ad account working out what works and what doesn't. And you having that understanding is really, really important. If you try and set things going at the beginning and then automate it through some external piece of software, I just find that you lose that sense.

If it's all trying to happen automatically, you don't know. You're not in there every day seeing what works and what doesn't. As I said, I'm sure there are exceptions to this rule.

I'm sure people find that some are valuable, but personally, particularly when you get started, I'd recommend keeping it simple. I would recommend steering clear of the tools, working with what Facebook gives you. The tools Facebook give you, those three I mentioned, are fantastic.

Really really useful for doing research, for actually creating ad campaigns and things like that. And I get a lot of questions from people who say, should I use this tool? I don't know if you've got to use that tool and my general advice is, no, steer clear.

So hopefully that's useful. Before I go, something I want to quickly mention, which is my Facebook Ads Mastermind group. Free Facebook group, anyone can join.

It's got 10,000 plus members, fantastic community of like-minded Facebook advertisers. You can post questions, people answer them, great place. There'll be a link in the video description, so make sure you go ahead and join.

If you're interested, please like this video, comment below to let me know if it was useful. And, of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel for more Facebook advertising related content. Thanks a lot guys.

Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.