Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and this video is going to be a Facebook targeting tutorial and it's going to focus on people that haven't run many Facebook ad campaigns. Those people might use advanced targeting techniques like lookalike audience, stuff like that. This video is going to be for those people that are getting started with their Facebook advertising journey.

They've perhaps created a few campaigns or creating their first campaign and they're looking at all the various Facebook targeting options that there are with inside an ad account. So you could be seeing all the demographics, interest, behaviours and you're a little bit lost and you're thinking which targeting options should I use? Well that's what I'm going to go through in this video.

I'm going to show you exactly how to do that because there are some really easy ways to find fantastic Facebook targeting options for your business when you're just getting started out. And then at the end of the video if you stick around I'm going to show you an advanced Facebook targeting technique that you can use once you've implemented what I'm about to cover in a minute. So stick around for that.

Okay so I'm in Ads Manager. Go ahead and navigate there. What I'm going to do is I'm just going to set up quickly a dummy campaign just to show you, you know, go into the ad set level, the targeting sections and have a look at some of the Facebook targeting options.

Then we're going to jump somewhere else. So just going to go ahead and call this example campaign. Don't worry about any of this for now.

And then I'm going to call this just example targeting because that's the focus of this video is Facebook targeting. I'm going to skip out there. Save this to draft.

Okay so now we're at the campaign level you need to go ahead and go to the ad set level. If you're just getting started with Facebook you should be aware there's three levels to a Facebook ad campaign. There's the campaign, there's the ad set and there's the ad.

This video is going to be focused on the ad set because the ad set is where you set a couple of things. The most important being your targeting. Ad set is basically for targeting and delivery.

So you come down to this section audience here. You want to be able to set your Facebook audience and advertise to who you want to advertise to. Don't worry about custom audiences and things like that.

That's a more advanced technique. I've got other videos on that. I'll link to some of those in the in the video description here.

But here's the targeting section. So the very first thing you need to do is establish the locations that you want to advertise to. If you operate on a local basis then make sure you go ahead and enter in wherever it is you operate.

So for example we operate on a national and international basis as a Facebook advertising agency but we're based in Sirencester. If I was to pop that in I could choose to advertise to let's say 25 miles around Sirencester if we operate on a local basis. I could shrink that.

It's just avoided me. I could shrink that down to 10 miles if I wanted to have a narrow radius. Someone asked me the other day how do you get below 10 miles.

There are lots of local businesses that want to advertise on a very small tight basis if you're a dentist or a gym. Maybe only a couple of miles something like that. What you do is you go ahead and you drop a pin.

So let's say I drop a pin in there and now you can see I can limit reduce that all the way down to a mile. Don't know why Facebook doesn't have that option with cities and towns and things but they don't. But I could for example advertise to three miles around Sirencester whatever.

So obviously the locations that you set here needs to be areas where your customers can come from. So if you do operate on a local basis make sure you put this in. If you operate on a national or international basis and I would recommend starting with just one country.

So we have customers in the US, Australia, Canada but the base of our business is in the UK. Most of our customers are from the UK. So that's what we would start with when we focus on.

Once you've established something can work in your home country or your most important market then you can look to add other markets. But that's it. So that's the first thing.

We operate as a business in the UK. So I'm just going to go ahead and pop that in. Pop that back in.

Okay next thing is fairly straightforward and obvious. Hopefully you've got a bit of an idea already but you want to set your age and gender parameters. So for example we know that for our business people who hire Facebook advertising agencies to run their ads are typically going to be 30 to 55.

There are people outside of that but that's the most common range and we know that both men and women it's almost 50 50 split and hire us for our services. This part people don't tend to struggle with. If you are struggling with that again that what I'm going to show you in a minute will help you with this.

But this part people don't tend to struggle with too much. It's this section that really confuses people. It's this detailed targeting.

This demographics interests and behaviors. So if I click into here and I go with browse you can see that you've got tons and tons of different options based around. So demographics effectively the type of person you want to target.

Do you want them to be college educated? And you know there's some things you can get you can use around financials depending on what country you're in. You've got you used to have more options in EU countries but with privacy issues that they've got rid of a lot of this.

If I narrow that down. Life events. Are you a wedding photographer?

Do you want to target people who have just been gotten engaged? Things like that. So there are lots and lots of different options in here in the demographics.

Are they parents? Where do they work? Etc.

Then you get on to the interest targeting options. Tons of things in here that you can go ahead and select. What industry does your business operate in?

If people are you know if you are offering a cooking course do you want to advertise to people that are interested in recipes and interact with recipes online? That might be a great option. Lots of different options here but as I said this can get very very intimidating and confusing.

So before you go through those options to try and work out which ones are gonna suit you best there's a great way that you can you can address this and that's by using Facebook's audience insights tool. It's a completely free tool that Facebook provide and it can give you some really useful information and help point you in the right direction for when you want to get started. So come up here and click on the three little lines.

If you go to all tools you see under plan here you've got audience insights and what that's when that loads is that there's gonna be some fantastic data and and and give you an idea of who you would like to target and who might be the best which targeting options might produce the best results for your business. Couple of options if you're just getting started obviously select everyone on Facebook and we're gonna get rid of that. Now this data that Facebook will provide for you is gonna be based on the areas in which you based on what you select here and that means you need to tailor this to the areas that you operate in.

So this is defaulted to the US. We definitely want to get rid of that because I said we're going to be advertising to the UK. So I'm gonna pop that in instead.

That's really important because you know you don't want to just leave that as a default of US if you're just going to be advertising in Argentina and it's not going to necessarily produce the same results. UK and US have quite similar markets so the difference shouldn't be it should be massive. Now you've got here new audience so as we sort of make adjustments and enter stuff in here you can see that and there's roughly 35 to 40 million people that are active on Facebook in the UK and here you can see the basic gender almost 50 split slightly more women and the age demographics so 25 to 34 is the most common and next most common being 35 to 44 you can see how things are going.

Something to I've accidentally clicked on something there that I didn't mean to let me get rid of that there go back there and one thing you will notice and this is a question I get about a lot when I talk to prospects who say you know our target market is 55 plus those people aren't really on Facebook that's not really true you can see roughly 22 20 22 percent of Facebook users are over that year over that age one in five people in the UK are over that age so don't worry if you are looking to advertise to an older demographic a lot of those people are still on Facebook so this here gives you some basic demographic information we've got relationship status so out of all the Facebook users in the UK 43 percent are married 28 percent the single you can see that 64 percent of them went to college obviously university and and here we've got some job title information admin services is the biggest one and you can see some of the some of the other options so that's really useful to know just basically off the bat who you're advertising to and all that sort of stuff now if we take a look at your specific market obviously I've entered in the UK here you could be more specific so you guys said you can enter in a city along the lines of your local targeting options but you can also look to add in some other information so let's say for example you sell fishing equipment okay you could go ahead and pop in fishing in here now you might think that if you sell fishing equipment it would be very easy to just target people who are interested in fishing on Facebook and that can be a way to start but there might be other targeting options that might be a little bit more specific that might produce better results for you and we're going to find them in this audience in so what you can see up here is you've got new audience and three to three point five million people so in the UK three to three and a half three and a half million people are interested in fishing that's a bigger audience than we would probably ideally start with for an audience like the UK for a market like the UK we're probably looking at that half a million maybe to a million mark something along those lines us it could be a little bit bigger so we're probably going to want to find more specific targeting options than what we've got up here but immediately this gives us some great data we can see that the split between male and female is two thirds male and a third female now that's interesting I think because people would probably assume that fishing would be more skewed towards the male population than it is than it shown here so that means that whilst obviously you probably want your advertising to be more male focused don't completely forget the female side of the market it makes up a third just over a third of the total market so in that case I would probably advertise to both males and females that's information that we just got from audience insights that I probably wouldn't have got if we were if I was just to do it off what I think about the market I'd have thought it's probably 80% male something like that and I fish when I go fishing that's you know the majority of what I see and but Facebook has got some data that says otherwise you can see some of the other demographic information this stuff probably isn't as applicable to advertising your fishing equipment to people interested in fishing this is the starter the other thing obviously is the age so people might have thought that again fishing people who are interested in fishing is an older demographic not so much the most popular groupings here are 25 to 34 so again don't target people that are say 35 plus thinking that you know older people are more interested in fishing that's not the case on Facebook make sure you include those younger audiences you can see is underrepresented in younger demographics so you might want to start at 25 plus but make sure you don't exclude those people and you can actually see where the box you can probably see here where the box comes beyond that gray box that gray box is all of Facebook and then the box is this targeting specifically so you can see that actually amongst 25 to 34 year old males more people slightly more people than would be expected are interested in fishing you can see the same in this demographic the same in that one with females of this age range is slightly less than would be expected this age range is slightly more hopefully that makes sense so that's a great place to start we've got some good information already but one of the best things that you can take a look at is page likes now this is the way this works is out of the people that are interested in fishing what pages are they most likely to like so you can come along and take a look at some of these options Facebook categorizes these top 10 options here a lot of them won't make a huge amount of sense so advertising and marketing that might not really work you know an automotive manufacturer Ford Motor Company what we're looking for here on this right hand side is is targeting options that you could use that make sense that are a bit more specific than this fishing one that delivers three to three and a half million political organization vote leave I'm not going to to get touched on that because these are in these specific categories there's not much here that I think would really make sense you know people are interested in weather yes of course that makes sense people are going fishing want to know whether it's nice weather or not how that's going to affect their fishing but that's not specific enough to target different car brands all that sort of stuff so there's probably not an option here that we can use but if we scroll down we start to see the affinity levels so affinity you can see exactly how it says here it's how likely your audience is to like a given page compared to everyone on Facebook so people who are interested in fishing are 283 times more likely to like Matt Hayes's page than the average person on Facebook so perhaps this could be a great targeting options to use I haven't heard of Matt Hayes so let's just check out his Facebook page very quickly so here we go you can see at Matt Hayes fish he looks to be some sort of celebrity fisherman yeah husband son and father television presenter professional fisherman almost 200,000 followers so this guy is a professional fisherman if we target people that like his page and interested in this that's a more specific targeting option that targeting people that are just like fishing so why don't we come back in and see how specific that is if we go ahead and add in Matt Hayes in here here we go we've got Matt Hayes and Matt Hayes fishing so I'm gonna add both of those in and see what we come up with so we still got three to three and a half million what we need to do is get rid of fishing and we can see we got 100 to 150k that's probably a bit smaller than you would like to start with but that might be a fantastic option to start with your targeting because it's very niche you may be able to add other options to that so when you're creating a Facebook ad campaigns at the ad set level which we'll go back into in a second we might want to target people who like Matt Hayes interested in Matt Hayes and hopefully that will deliver fantastic results that's not the only thing we can do with that though we just entered Matt Hayes and Matt Hayes fishing into here and look what we've got here all these other options have come up lots of other different pages so here we've got go angling from go outdoors you know the affinity is just absolutely massive now you could click onto their page and let's have a look at these guys you know I'm not involved in the industry even if you are involved in the industry there may be options here that you've never heard of this is a smaller page only 16,000 people that's probably too small let's go back over here we've got 6.7 let's see if there's any bigger 7.3 12.7, 9.7 what I'm just looking here for is audience size by the way so that's 7.2, 17.5 no they're all a little bit small but are there options up here that we could go ahead and have a look at this business fat fish clothing could that be an option again I'm not involved in this industry so not something I've heard of you might have more information 20,000 people again might be a bit small but what you can do is you can go through these options I'm not going to do the whole process now it would take up too much time go through these options in fact this might be a great option canal river trust angling let's have a look at what we've got okay so if we scroll down here we can see that they've got 32,000 again a little bit small so with some of these options like canal and river trust angling you might have to combine that with a few other options to get that audience sizes larger but go through the options make a list take a little note of all the options that you've got here you know whether it's these different companies these different pages Matt Hayes is one we found that looks like it would be a really good option then what you want to do is head back into ads manager yeah we can leave that that's fine head back into ads manager and then put this into our campaign and see what that looks like so let's head into our example campaign now we're at the ad set level select that and click edit take a look at the various targeting options and let's scroll down to back where we were now let's I entered in the options I think I've gone too far here I entered in the options for my business Facebook advertising agency if we were setting up for this company we know we definitely don't want to exclude people that are younger than that we would probably want to do something like 25 plus given the data we saw we know that we don't want to target men specifically because over a third of the market is female not something I would have expected and now if we come down to these options this is where you can enter some of the options that you want to see so for example you could select Matt Hayes and this will bring up an audience definition potential reach 110,000 it's a good start what else did we have we had fat fishing something hasn't come up we had canal let's see what comes up nothing coming up there so that's an important thing to note that the smaller ones won't show as options let's see if we've got Matt Hayes fishing as well no the smaller pages won't come up as options in here so not everything that you see within audience insights will actually appear here but the bigger ones for example like the Matt Hayes option will so what you can do is you go ahead that's a little bit small you may want to go for things that are a bit larger but if you want to get started with that you can you could go ahead and target this option create your ads within this ad set run it run it for a few days see how it performs if it doesn't perform very well pause it and look to target some other ones if you do want to target other options simultaneously other sort of interest targeting options and things like that which is something I would recommend it's very easy to do you want to come into I'm just going to close this down you want to come into this view where we're at the ad set level you can see I've got ad set selected here highlight the various ad set that you want and then you just want to click duplicate and you can duplicate that into the original campaign you click duplicate and here we've got a copy version and we could go for example and take out we could keep everything exactly the same take out Matt Hayes and we could let's say we did want to go with a really broad targeting or maybe a bit more specific something like recreational fishing what audience size is that? let's have a look 950,000 probably a bit large but could be something that we want to test and you could go ahead and you could do that I'll minimize this back down and you could just do that and create three or four different options something we do with our clients all the time create three or four different options and target the different ones and see which ones produces better results for you one thing I will say about this stage when you're getting started with Facebook ad campaigns you're getting started with your Facebook targeting is don't stress out about getting it absolutely right and getting it perfect it's almost impossible to do that very very difficult to get it perfect but you don't need to the more with these campaigns with these targeting options is to generate at least 100 conversions whether you're looking to generate purchases, sales purchases, leads, email opt-ins, whatever it is you want to generate 100 conversions because then once you do generate 100 conversions you can go ahead and create a lookalike audience and that's what I mentioned in the beginning of the video that an advanced Facebook advertising technique lookalike audiences are incredibly powerful that's what we run for nearly all our Facebook ad clients when you're getting started you don't have a source audience to create a lookalike audience which is why it's really important to go through what we just went through use the audience insights tool have a look in the Facebook targeting options come up with some options and test those but really you're just looking to get 100 maybe 200 conversions from these targeting options and then you want to switch everything over to lookalike audience because that produces the best results for those of you who aren't familiar a lookalike audience is a group of people that are very similar to another group of people so let's say we run this campaign we generate 200 sales we can then say to Facebook take those 200 people that have bought for us and create an audience that's very similar to those 200 people as you can imagine it's a fantastic targeting option it's the best Facebook targeting option that you can use when you're targeting cold audiences produce fantastic results if you do want to know more about Facebook lookalike audiences check out the video description of this video because I'll link to a detailed tutorial that I created that shows you exactly how to create lookalike audience to go through the entire process as I said that's a bit more advanced technique something you can do once you've generated those first 100 200 conversions through this method and this is exactly how we do it as a Facebook advertising agency we go into audience insights we find the information that we think you know find the options that we think will work well we go through those steps enter in one piece of information that looks great what did we find? like just like we did with fishing oh there's Matt Hayes in there fantastic pop that in what else can we find?

and go through that process and see if you can come up with four or five different options to test okay just before you go something I want to quickly mention that's my five part Facebook ad template you can download right now for free if you're new to Facebook advertising and obviously we've covered some of the targeting stuff in this video you're going to want to know what to do with your ad creative with your imagery, videos, carousel, your ad copy all that sort of stuff headlines it's all covered in my Facebook ad template so again there'll be another link in the description of this video click on that head through to my website and you can download it there for free you can model from those ads you should find it really useful it's got ads from lots of different industries that we've created for lots of different clients that have all performed really well in live campaigns so hopefully this has been useful if it has please subscribe to my YouTube channel releasing videos couple times a week at the moment and if you've got any questions leave a comment below I will get to them and yeah thanks a lot guys bye bye