Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook Ads strategy and specifically when you're looking to generate leads, should you use the lead generation objective and create a lead ad campaign or should you use the conversions objective, send people to your website and get them to become a lead there instead. So I'm going to quickly explain what each one is and then talk about the pros and cons of each because there's definitely times when you want to use the lead generation option, there's definitely times when you want to use the conversions option. So if you're not familiar, a lead generation campaign, when you choose a lead generation objective, the main feature of that campaign type is that when someone clicks on an ad of yours, instead of being taken off of Facebook to your website or a landing page or something like that, they're kept on Facebook and they're presented with a lead form and that lead form will ask them for certain information.

Now you can customise what information you ask for, so you could ask for things like name, email address, phone number, even custom questions, you know, if you want to help you with your lead generation, with your conversion process you can ask for all sorts of information. That makes it very, very easy for people to sign up and become a lead via a Facebook lead generation campaign because, you know, if they stay on Facebook, they don't leave, people tend to prefer that. Facebook often has that data, so they have, you know, they know what someone's name, email address and phone number is because they have that associated with their Facebook account, so it will pre-populate the form.

So let's say someone, you know, they take a look at your ad, they click on the button to say sign up for a free consultation or whatever it is that, you know, you offer people to generate leads and, you know, instead of having to enter those details, name, email address, phone number and things, it's just automatically populated by Facebook, they click submit, boom, you've got a lead, very easy. The alternative is to send someone to your website and use the conversions objective. And let's say for example you send them to an opt-in page, you're getting people to opt-in for a lead magnet.

You can send them to your opt-in page, once they opt-in you can make sure that the lead event code is triggered, that's part of the Facebook pixel by the way, if you're unfamiliar with the Facebook pixel, check out a video, check out a link in the video description, they'll show you exactly how to install that, how to set up event code and all that sort of stuff because you will need to use that for a, in order to be able to use conversion campaigns. But yeah, they come through to a landing page, they submit their name, email address, maybe phone number, maybe other details, whatever you want to capture, they become a lead there. So what are the pros and cons of, you know, the lead generation option versus the conversions option?

So because the lead generation option keeps people on Facebook, and Facebook make it very, very easy for people to sign up, what you tend to find is that leads that come through a lead generation campaign are less expensive, you're going to generate more volume, but they might not be quite as good quality. When things are really easy for people to do online, they're more likely to do it, but because it's really easy for them to do it, they're not necessarily as invested in you as a company, and as invested in working with you, they might not have checked out your services and things like that. So if you want to generate volume and you want inexpensive leads, go ahead and give lead generation a go.

If you've generated lots of leads, you don't really interest in quantity, you want quality, I'd recommend sending people to your website using the conversions objective. Because if someone's going to click off of Facebook, come through to your website, they're probably going to have a little look around, they might take a look at your services page, or about us page, and then choose to become a lead. That person's going to be more invested in working with you, and when you go and follow up and contact them, they're more likely to number one answer, and then number two, go ahead and hire you for your services.

So that's the trade off. But of course, with the conversions objective, your leads are likely to cost a lot more. Because as I said, when someone clicks off of Facebook onto your website, they might navigate around and things like that, you're going to lose a lot of people.

There's going to be a lot of drop off in those actions, and that's what means that your lead volume is going to be lower, and therefore your cost is going to be higher. So those are sort of the two trade offs. If you're undecided on which one, I'd recommend using both.

It's very easy to recreate a lead generation campaign, you can use the exact same ad imagery, the exact same ad copy, ad headlines, all that sort of stuff. You're just changing the campaign type, and you're changing the action people take. So are they coming through to your website, or are they staying on Facebook and filling out one of those lead forms?

Now I'll include some links in the video description to how to install the Facebook pixel, because you'll need that for a conversion campaign. I'll also include some stuff around how to create a lead ad campaign, in course you've never created one of those before, step-by-step tutorial in a Facebook ad account, how to create a lead form, all those elements. So if you're, you know, this video is just sort of top-level strategy here, but if you are thinking, well, how do I actually go about creating those elements?

Go ahead and check those videos out, should be really useful. One of the things I want to quickly mention before you go is my Facebook Ads Mastermind group, which is my free Facebook group. Anyone can join.

It's a fantastic community full of Facebook advertisers, people looking to get better results from Facebook. There's agency owners in there, like myself, that are happy to answer questions and provide feedback about ads to help you get the best results possible. So if you want to, you know, meet like-minded people, you want to get involved, you want to up your Facebook advertising game, I would strongly recommend you join.

A link will be in the video description. We've got over 10,000 members right now. It's growing really, really fast and we'd love to have you in there.

If you found this video useful, please give it a thumbs up. That's always appreciated. Please comment below if you've got any questions or if, you know, you'd like to give me some feedback on the video, I always appreciate that.

Helps me make sure the content I'm creating is very valuable. And, yeah, don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content. See you guys, bye!

Bye!