Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook's detailed targeting expansion and whether or not you should have it turned off, turned on, and more specifically in what scenarios you want to have it turned off and turned on. It's not as simple as just say always have it turned on, always have it turned off. So that's what I'm going to be discussing in this video.

Make sure you get this setting right because it does have an impact on your Facebook ad campaigns. Before I get into that, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button, click that thumbs up button on this video. That'd be very much appreciated and help me out and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already.

Okay so I'm in an example Facebook ad account, we've created an example CBO campaign, we've got an ad set up in front of us because that's where the detailed targeting expansion setting is. It's at the ad set level. You can see I'm in the ad set and all I've done just to set this up is I've selected UK as a country, we've got everything else completely open for the time being.

Okay now you can see that total potential reach here amongst all Facebook and Instagram users on this platform is 45 million people in the UK. So the majority of the population. Now let's say for example I wanted to advertise our Facebook advertising services.

I wanted to advertise my business as a Facebook ads agency. I could come in here and I could put in business page admins. I know that that is a, I selected the wrong one, let's try that again.

I know that that is uh yeah there we go, just taking a second to load and I'll get rid of Facebook page admins. I know that's a great potential targeting option for my business. I know that people that are page, admins of a business page on Facebook are likely to be interested in Facebook advertising services, getting better results from Facebook ads, all the sort of stuff that we provide.

Now you can see that having added in that detailed targeting I have reduced the potential reach from 45 million down all the way to 570,000. Now if I run a campaign like this with detailed targeting expansion turned off, basically I'm saying to Facebook I only want you to advertise to these 570,000 people that are admins of business pages on Facebook. And you could replace that with interests.

So you could say I only want to advertise to people that are interested in tennis or are interested in fishing or you know whatever it happens to be that that you're targeting based on who you think is likely to be interested in in your products and services. If you go and select detailed targeting expansion and turn that on, you can see that the potential reach has gone back up to 45 million. So basically when you select that you are saying to Facebook you can actually advertise to everyone within that location, all 45 million people.

So that might make you think well what's the difference between this setup that you've got in front of us right now with a detailed targeting option selected and then detailed targeting expansion turned on and broad targeting. Why not just go with broad targeting, not put anything in there and just say to Facebook have at it, target everyone. And actually there's quite a big difference.

So with this setup you're basically saying to Facebook look I really want you to target business page admins. I think that's who's going to produce the best results for me. But Facebook I know that your algorithm is particularly intelligent at working out who is likely to purchase, who is likely to become a lead, who is likely to take the action I want people to take when they see an ad.

Therefore I want you to focus primarily on this group of people here, the business page admins. But I'm happy for you to advertise to other people that you think are likely to convert that don't necessarily come under the business page admin category. Okay, so it's quite a big difference there.

This option here gives Facebook a lot more direction than just complete broad targeting. So given that description of it you might be thinking well surely you want to use this all the time right, surely you want to have detailed targeting expansion turned on all the time. And that's not actually the case.

If you've got a new Facebook ad account with less than less than let's say 1000 conversions, maybe less than 500 conversions, you know, somewhere in between that range. If you're on 100 conversions you definitely meet the criteria. I would not have this turned on.

You would want at least 500 conversions, preferably 1000 conversions in your Facebook ad account before you turn that on. And that's because the more conversions you have in your Facebook ad account, the better Facebook's machine learning process is likely to work. And the better they are going to be able to find people outside of the core detail targeting that you give them with the detail targeting expansion.

If you turn that on a brand new ad account Facebook doesn't really know who's likely to convert. And turning this on I think gives Facebook too much leeway, too much flexibility. And you can end up having some of your Facebook ad budget wasted on people that are just basically never going to convert.

Okay, so I only really like to do this if it's an ad account that's reached a level of maturity at a minimum 500 conversions, but I usually aim for that 1000 conversion and plus mark. I'm also not going to turn this on to turn on detailed targeting expansion, if I'm operating with a very small budget and a reasonably large audience. So let's say for example, if I turn that off, 570,000 isn't a very large audience.

But let's go and let's go and target a slightly bigger one. So if I add in Facebook page admins in here as well, all Facebook page admins will be significantly bigger 7.2 million really big audience there. Okay, if I'm spending $10 a day $20 a day to 7.2 million people, there's absolutely no need to turn on detailed targeting inspections.

I'm barely going to scratch the surface on that audience size with a budget $10, $20 a day. Now if I was running a campaign at $1,000 a day, you know, even $500 a day to an audience that size, then I may look to turn it on particularly if I get to the higher 1000 $2,000 a day something like that with this size audience, I'm going to want to turn that on. Because again, the more people that didn't quite work, the more people in my audience, and the better Facebook is going to be able to find people that are likely to take my the action that I want them to take, you know, purchase, become a lead, whatever that is.

And that becomes a lot more significant with larger budgets, because with larger budgets, you're going to reach far more people within your audience. Okay, hopefully that makes sense. Just naturally, not always, but naturally, as you scale up budgets, at some point, you're going to want to increase audience size, because of course, you're trying to reach more more people.

If you start with a Facebook ad campaign, you're spending $10 a day to 100,000 people, and it's working great. Well, once you try and spend $200 a day, even with that size audience, you're going to run into into difficulties. I'm just going to deselect that because it seems to have seems to be having Facebook seems to be having a little issue, which by the way happens all the time.

So, you know, I get a lot of questions about glitches and technical issues. You've just seen one there while some recording this video live, they happen. Refresh the page, try again, recreate the campaign, duplicate it if these things happen.

Just a little added tip for you there, because these things do happen quite a lot. I also would absolutely not turn on detailed targeting expansion if I'm using lookalike audiences or custom audiences. So if I scroll up here, I could pop in a lookalike audience in there, for example, this one, the places I get asked this a lot.

No. Lookalike audience, lookalike audiences are normally going to be your best performing targeting option, bar none. Okay.

If I want, let's say for example, I start by advertising to a, actually, let me rephrase that. Lookalike audience is going to be your best performing cold audience targeting option, bar none. Not necessarily your total audience targeting option.

Warm audiences like previous customers, email lists, subscribers, website listeners are likely to perform better. But in terms of cold audiences, people who have not interacted with your business before, lookalike audiences nearly always win. Let's say for example, you're advertising to a 1% lookalike audience and it's performing really well and you want to scale up your campaign.

You want to spend more. Don't turn on detailed targeting expansion. Don't go ahead and open it up.

Instead, what you want to do is you want to increase the percentage size of the lookalike. So instead of 1%, go for a 3% or a 5%, something along those lines. Okay.

That's a much better way to go about doing this. The other scenario I want to touch on, detailed targeting expansion, explain, I don't know what's gone on there, but explain what what I like to do around this is when you're advertising to a local business. Now, I'm far more likely to turn this on or I'm likely to turn it on quicker.

Okay. So let's say I haven't yet reached 1000 conversions, but I am at 400 conversions and we look like we're maxing out our audience because we're advertising on a local basis. Perhaps we're starting to see results drop off with a particular interest targeting option.

I'm likely to turn this on earlier because it's more important that I increase the potential audience size when my initial pool of people is smaller. Okay. Hopefully that makes sense.

Small audience size either prevents Facebook ad campaigns from performing well in the beginning or alternatively, they prevent you from scaling. So you do want to use large audiences. And if we're, you know, often to be honest with local businesses, we're not going to have any detail targeting options included in here anyway.

But if we did, then, you know, let's say we've gone with a broad interest or something like that, then we're likely to turn this on earlier because we want that audience size to increase. If we've only got, you know, 150,000 people or so or less, maybe let's say something under 250,000 in this potential reach, we're going to want to turn that on quicker. Hopefully that makes sense.

So hopefully that clears up some questions around the detailed targeting expansion checkbox, whether you want to turn it on, turn it off, those scenarios that we typically use. And yeah, hopefully you can now adjust your campaigns and get that right depending on your specific circumstances, who you're targeting and the maturity of your ad campaign. Now, before you go, a couple of things I want to quickly mention.

The first is my Facebook ads mastermind group, free Facebook group, 55,000 members in there right now, one of the biggest communities of Facebook advertisers in the world. It's an amazing place full of people just like you that are trying to get great results for Facebook ads. They're asking questions, getting them answered all day, every day.

I do free live trainings in there most weeks. So if that sounds like something you want to be part of, it's completely free to join. Go ahead and click the link in the video description.

There'll be a link to it and go ahead and sign up. We'd love to work to have you in there and see you get involved. Other free thing I want to mention is my five-part Facebook ad template.

So I created a Facebook ad template with a number of different ads we've created for a number of different clients in a number of different industries. And this ad template basically breaks down each of those ads and explains what we've included in each ad and why. So you can absolutely model from this Facebook ad template.

I think you get a lot of value from doing so if you're wondering what to do with the ad, the creative side of things, you can certainly model from at least one of those ads depending on your product and service in there because we've got a bunch of different, six different categories I think there are in there. So I'd recommend you go and check that out. Again, completely free.

Link is in the video description. And then finally, our Facebook advertising services. So we are a Facebook ads agency.

We create, manage, optimise Facebook ad campaigns for our clients. And if you're running your campaigns yourself and you're not, you know, you haven't been doing this all day every day for the last five, six years like we have, we can almost certainly help improve your results. So if you're interested in working with us, we do have a 3k minimum Facebook ad budget to work with us.

That's sort of the starting point. But if you have that budget, want to spend that, you can go ahead and book a call with me or one of my sales team. Link again will be in the video description below.

Just click through to that and you'll be able to book a slot directly into our calendar. We'll have a quick 30 minute chat to find out more about your business. You can find out more about our service and we can see if we're a good fit and would like to work together.

But yeah, hopefully you can action at least one of those things. Go ahead and grab the free stuff or book a free call with me. Either way, best of luck with Facebook ad campaigns guys, and I will talk to you soon.

Bye for now. Bye bye.