Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru. And in this video, I'm gonna talk about Facebook ads for service businesses. And specifically, I'm gonna give you seven keys to success.

Seven things that you want to be doing or not doing. Seven techniques that you want to use. If you are advertising for a service-based business, or perhaps you run a service-based business yourself, and you're running Facebook ad campaigns to try and generate leads.

Got some stuff in there that I think you're gonna find very, very useful. Before we get into that, I just wanna very quickly ask for you to smash that like button, click that thumbs up button. That would help me out and be much appreciated.

And of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay, so, seven key success. I've, you know, we've worked with many, many different service business over, you know, last five or six years.

And I think a lot of people assume that Facebook advertising is much more geared up for e-commerce businesses. You know, companies that sell t-shirts and little bits and bobs and things like that. Honestly, the businesses that I consistently see have the absolute best results with Facebook advertising in terms of the return on ad spend are service-based businesses.

And that's because you're not usually competing nationally or internationally. So your competition is far smaller when you're advertising service business, because you're usually advertising locally. There's only so many other people offering the same thing in your local area.

And depending on your industry, probably not a huge amount of them actually advertising on Facebook and Instagram. But also your average customer value is probably much higher. You know, if your average customer value is $30 when you're selling a t-shirt, if you're a service-based business, it could be, you know, it could be down at that level, but could be anything up to tens of thousands of dollars with a lot of service providers sitting somewhere in between.

And that really high average customer value means that your potential return on ad spend, if you've got a campaign that can consistently generate quality leads, can be phenomenal. You can really grow a very successful business, a very successful service business by doing so. So as I said, lots of experience in this place.

These seven things are very much tried and tested and been thought about and proven. So you've got some stuff you can really rely on and trust in this video. So I've got some notes alongside me.

You can probably see me glancing down to help me make sure I get this right. So the first one, the first thing I really want to emphasize is you don't want to overcomplicate your Facebook advertising if you're a service-based business. There's lots of online trainings, tutorials, courses on Facebook advertising that have these very complex, you know, six, seven step sales funnels.

Now, I would argue they're often not necessary, but they're more necessary for certain types of businesses. If you're a service-based business, you often want to keep it much more simple than that. You don't want this elaborate, you know, people do this, then they do this, then they do this, then they do this.

Because you're probably going to be advertising locally. Your audiences are going to be fairly small. And in order for those seven step sales funnels to work, you need tons of people going in the top stage, because you're going to get drop off at each one of those.

OK, so I think it's very important to keep it simple. A free consultation, a free quote, something along those lines for a lot of search providers is going to be an offer that can really do the trick. So first thing, don't overcomplicate it.

If you've got a sales funnel that's more than, let's say, three steps, I think you're going wrong. OK, so that's the very first point. The second point is sort of the, it's added on to that first point.

And I'll explain. Don't advertise your service directly. So whilst I think you want a really simple sales funnel structure when you're advertising a service business, you can't often just go direct for sale.

So in general, my rule of thumb is, if you're offering something that costs more than $100, you can't ask people to directly purchase it. There are always going to be exceptions, but in general, you need something to happen between them seeing an ad and then becoming a customer. Some step in between that builds a relationship that takes people further down the sales funnel before someone's willing to hand over that amount of money.

So if you're advertising a service that costs less than $100, then absolutely go with a direct, here's our service, come buy this. But if you're advertising something more, particularly if it's in the high hundreds, thousands of, maybe tens of thousands of dollars, I think you need something in between. Now that's something in between can be something on Facebook, something online or offline.

So for example, you could be using a lead magnet strategy, whereby, you know, let's say you're a kitchen fitter, you know, you build new kitchens and fit kitchens for, for people. That's what your service based business is. And you have a lead magnet.

So it's the ultimate guide to kitchen countertops. Okay, so things people are thinking about new kitchen, they want to know, should they have a, you know, granite or, you know, whatever, all the various different options that you can have for a kitchen countertop, you can provide a free guide on that. And then you can retarget those people to perhaps book a free call.

So that'll be like an online option of an intermediary step between the ad and someone becoming customer would be that lead magnet. But you can also do it offline. And I've already given an example, things like a free consultation, a free quote.

Why don't we come round and do a free strategy session to work this out for you? You know, if you're a business based, why don't we do a free audit? You know, if you're offering a counter C service, a bookkeeping services, or you're a financial advisor or something, perhaps you could do an audit of what they currently already have, work out where they're going, or I'll make some recommendations and that's how they become a customer.

So you don't need a multiple steps on Facebook. The lead magnet is two steps because you've got the initial campaign, then you're retargeting. You can have the two steps being one ad campaign effectively of a free consultation, that people then have the free consultation.

And that's that next step before they then go on to work with you. But you can't get away with directly advertising it. So you can see you're already getting a sweet spot here.

You haven't got a five step sales funnel and you also don't have a one step sales funnel. A two or three step sales funnel is usually perfect for most service based businesses, which hopefully I was pointing in the right direction because getting that right in terms of structure is absolutely key. Oh, and by the way, I should quickly mention that I have created a free webinar, and there'll be a link to this in the video description, completely free to watch, that shows you all about different sales funnel structures, two step, three step sales funnels.

In that webinar, I talk a lot about if you're a service business, you want to use this, if you're offering a service across this, you want to use this type of sales funnel. So strongly recommend you check that out 60, 70 minutes long, be well worth your time to watch it. Link is in the video description below.

So make sure you go ahead and check that out. If you want to know more about exactly the sales funnel you should be using for your service based business. Okay, so those are the two things about sales funnel structure.

Now I want to get into some stuff around the ads, because I think this is also really important. With a service based business, I think it's incredibly important to demonstrate your work in the ad itself. So what does that look like?

If your portfolio base is quite straightforward, include images of, you know, using the example before of a kitchen fitter, you know, use fantastic images of that. And if you're anything, you know, if you're a photographer, anything sort of where you can demonstrate images of your work, if you make stuff for people, then do so. If you don't, you're not portfolio based, a service provider, and that doesn't really fit, there are still ways you can demonstrate your work, perhaps with a client testimonial.

Okay, either in text or video format. You know, if you're a, you know, a physiotherapist, for example, perhaps that's how you can demonstrate your work. It could be some, one of your previous customers saying how much, you know, you help them achieve their objectives.

That shows your work to your potential prospects. If you're a financial advisor of some sort, perhaps you can show how much, you know, talk about a particular, you know, it could be anonymized, of course, but talk about a particular client, how much tax you save them, or, you know, how you set them up with a proper pension scheme, or something along those lines. Find a way to show your work, okay, is the first point I want to make on the Facebook ad creative.

The second one is that I think with a service business, getting someone from your company to be like, to be effectively the face of it and represent the brand is really important. Whenever we work with local businesses, and I say we is just, just everyone, and not my company specifically, you want to feel like you're connecting with a person, you want to feel like that person is who I'm going to be working with, I've been working with their company. They're in charge of what's going on, they've got an eye on things, nothing's going to go wrong, because they've, they've got it, they've got it taken care of for me.

So obviously, even if you know, if you're a company of any size in a service based business, it might not necessarily be you actually delivering the service if it's your business. But still, getting your face into the ads, getting your presence there. So this could be including you in part of a static image, it could be obviously face to camera video ads, there's a number of different ways you can do this.

But it doesn't have to be on every ad. But I think in some of your advertising, you want that to help build that relationship with your local market. And I think that we've seen that really help if you try and be a bit anonymous as a local business and just hide behind a logo and a brand name doesn't seem to work as well because they want that connection.

When you're hiring sales providers, you want to make the thing that everyone's worried about is are they going to do a good job? I know that you know, we're a service business as a Facebook ads agency, the thing everyone's worried about is, Oh, we worked in an agency before it didn't work so well, are they going to do a good job? So a lot of our marketing is demonstrating that we can do a good job.

Okay, and part of that is having a face to the company getting in front of in front of things. So second point I'll make I'll talk about the Facebook ad creative, the first and I can't remember what I said here now, just checking. Yeah, the first is demonstrate your work.

The second is to establish a personal connection and put the face of the company in the ads wherever possible. Another point on ad creative before we move on to other stuff that I want to make is that because with a service business, you're usually advertising on a local basis. And even if you're not, you need to protect your brand.

So whereas a lot of Facebook advertisers, particularly those that advertise ecommerce products that are national or international, they're not putting ads out there that really sort of protect their brand and stay on point with their brand and represent who they want to be. They'll use a lot of salesy tactics and and fake scarcity and things on those lines because they're they're kind of hiding behind volume. You know, they're thinking our target market is 20 million people.

Does it matter if, you know, 10,000 of those see ads that are, you know, not how we want to represent ourselves, the downside is limited. I don't think that's the case for service businesses. People want to know they're going to work with businesses that have integrity, that do what they say, that follow through, that do a good work that are conscientious, have a high attention to detail.

And you're probably going to be advertising to the same people in your local area if you advertise locally as service business again and again and again. So just make sure that you don't do anything that misrepresents your brand, protect your brand is very, very important over the long run. You don't want to do sort of damage with your potential customer base by coming across as sleazy or mistrustful or anything like that.

Okay, so key to success number six is to not advertise to really, really small audiences. So that's why I'm in an example Facebook ad account here. I've got an example campaign example ad set up.

So I want to demonstrate this. So I live in a county in England called Gloucestershire. Okay, now when I select the whole of the county, let's assume that that was my target audience, which actually quite big, often service businesses can be quite a bit smaller than that.

You can see my potential reach on this right hand side is 420,000. I cannot now go in and add really narrow interest into it. So for example, let's say I was advertising my own business Facebook advertising agency, and I wanted to reach admins of business pages, people who have business pages on Facebook, that's basically my target market for the most part.

So if I put pop in business page admins here, and I select that from the top as a behavior, you can see my audience goes all the way down to five and a half thousand people. That's not a big enough audience at all. Okay, I cannot advertise to an audience that's that small.

And that's, and by the way, that's with age and gender being wide open. Okay. So what does that mean?

That basically means when you add in your location targeting criteria, because service businesses are usually advertising locally, take a look at your potential reach. If that number is anything less than 250,000, I would most likely go with open targeting, no interest based targeting options. If it's larger than that, so let's say 420,000, I still may want to leave this open because I might decide, for example, that our clients are very unlikely to be under the age of, let's say, 30.

And if I add that in, we can see that jumps all the way down to 300,000. So that might be a good audience to start advertising to just the whole of the county. Okay.

There are scenarios in which you may want to add in some people targeting options, but it's going to have to be very, very broad targeting options that encompass a wide percentage of the population. Because if we're starting with 420,000, we can't knock that down to 20,000. It's got to be at least 100,000, preferably 250,000.

Now, the caveat being, if we were just advertising in a local area where there's only 20,000, 30,000 people, well, fine, don't not advertise or don't make your area artificially large, stick with that audience, but don't constrain your audience and make it too small where it's not necessary. And I feel like here, it would not be necessary. Facebook's smart enough to work out who within your audience is likely to be interested.

Give them that runway. Don't put that audience down really small, unless you have to, because that's all the people that are in your area, which does sometimes happen. Okay.

So that's something that's really, really important audience size. If I come up here to this custom audience section, you might be thinking about advertising to lookalike audiences, something I speak a lot of and include a link in the description to a tutorial all about creating lookalike audiences. And if you want to run lookalike audiences to a local audience, which you can do, just make sure you use a 10% lookalike, otherwise the resulting audience is going to be too small.

You want to make the lookalike as large as possible because then obviously you're narrowing down at the geographic level. And small audiences and Facebook ads are just a big no, no, where possible avoid it. Okay.

So that's tip number six. Then number seven is, this is going to vary business to business, but a lot of service businesses have fairly long lead times. So if we go back to our example earlier of a kitchen fitter, they might have a lead time of average of three to six months.

I'm sure they speak to some clients, some prospects that become clients two or three years later. Some will move more quickly than that because obviously getting a new kitchen put in your house is a big decision. That's a big decision.

It may be that it's got to line up with other refurbishment work that you're having going on. It's not something you can just jump on and go, yep, sure. Let's decide that tomorrow.

If your lead time is three months, six months, and even if it's just a month, you need to give your Facebook ad campaigns a lot longer to assess performance than you would if you were advertising an e-commerce product where you can basically get real-time data. Yes, you can base decisions around your cost per lead and lead volume. So if you're not generating leads, you don't need to keep going for obvious reasons.

But if you are unsure about how your campaigns are performing and you're not just going off lead data, you're actually going off, okay, what have we generated in terms of sales and stuff like that from this Facebook ad campaign that we're running, you may have to give it some time. We've worked with service providers before where we're sort of producing reports off month one, month two, and the results just, they're not looking great. We're generating leads, but they're not really converting.

But then by month four, month five, the results look fantastic. And the truth is that some of those leads were going to convert. They just hadn't yet.

So they come through and it completely changes the numbers. And that's something to be very much factored in. Don't become disheartened.

Don't assess things too early. Otherwise, you'll be missing out on a great opportunity, which is Facebook advertising for a lot of businesses. Okay, so those are the seven key success.

I'm going to very quickly run back through them. So the first is don't overcomplicate your sales funnel. You don't want to be using five, six steps sales funnel for service-based businesses.

It's not what you want to do. Number two is don't directly advertise your products either. So you can't have a one step funnel.

You're going to want two or three step funnel, something along those lines is absolutely perfect. Number three is that you want to demonstrate your work where possible in your ad creative portfolio, client testimonials, things like that. Number four is that you want to get the face of the business in the ad creative as well, whether that's in images, face to camera, video ads, make sure that your prospects feel like they can connect with an actual human being, not a faceless brand.

Five is protect your brand. Okay, don't do anything that's overly salesy, that would lead prospects to mistrust you or feel like you're not a reputable company. You're going to be advertising the same people.

Very important you protect that brand and only put and creative forward that you'd be happy with everyone seeing. Number six is to not advertise to really small audiences. Don't go with detailed targeting options that bring your audience size down to 20,000, 30,000 if you don't have to.

Okay, in an ideal world, audiences would be above 250,000. It's not always possible when you are advertising locally, which much a lot of service businesses are. And that's fine if it's not, but if it is, then don't go below that number.

And then finally, number seven is to assess camping performance over a longer time period. What that means for you will depend on your lead time and your business. It may be as much as six months.

Okay, so just keep that in mind. It may even be more than that, but it may be as much as six months. So keep that in mind.

Okay, hope that's been useful. Before I go, a couple of things I want to mention. The first is our Facebook advertising services.

So if you're running Facebook ad campaigns yourself, perhaps you're not getting results you want, or perhaps you feel like you get better results, we can almost certainly help improve your results and help take your Facebook advertising and potentially your business as a result to another level. So we create, manage, optimize Facebook ad campaigns for our clients. We have, you know, we're running hundreds of clients, hundreds of campaigns at any one time.

Clients in every industry, imagine we've almost certainly advertised something that's very similar to the product or service that you offer. If you'd be interested in finding out more about our service, there's a link in the video description below. You can click on that and book a call with me or one of my team members.

Just a 30 minute chat where we can find out more about your business, how we might be able to help. You can find out more about our service, and we can see if we would like to work together. We do have a 3k per month minimum budget.

So if you're not at that level, we won't be able to work with you. And please don't book a call if that's the case. But if you do meet that criteria, we'd love to speak with you and please go ahead and book that call.

Another thing I want to quickly mention is my Facebook Ads Mastermind group. So we've just gone past 56,000 members in there, an amazing community, one of the biggest in the world of Facebook advertisers, one of the biggest online communities of Facebook advertisers. And, you know, I do free live trainings in there regularly.

There's hundreds of questions being asked and answered all the time by the members. It really is a fantastic community full of people just like you, just want to get better results for Facebook ads and helping each other achieve that. So if that's something you want to be part of, go ahead and join.

Again, there'll be a link in the video description. If this video is useful, please give it a thumbs up, give it a like, that would help me out. Please comment below to let me know, comment below if you've got any questions.

And of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. I release Facebook advertising related content about twice per week. And yeah, I think it'd be very valuable if you do.

Okay, thanks a lot, guys. Best of luck with everything. And I'll talk to you soon.

Bye for now.