Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook ads targeting for local businesses. Okay, now there's lots of information online around Facebook ads targeting, which targeting options you should use, etc, etc. But not a lot of that is dedicated towards local businesses.

And local businesses obviously need to target in different ways to businesses that are advertising on Facebook on a national or international basis. And I'm not just talking obviously about the geographical area in which you target because that's going to change. But because you're advertising to a much smaller area with a much smaller population base, that changes what targeting options you can use.

You need to adjust your approach and do things differently. So this is a topic I've talked about a little bit in the past. I've sort of added it on to other targeting tutorials, but I thought I'd create a specific video for you guys running Facebook ads for local businesses, whether it's your own business or for your clients, and how I go about targeting.

Because as an agency we work with lots of businesses that are national and international, but we also work with lots of businesses that are local or at least, you know, they're chains and they have lots of different locations that operate locally. So we've sort of worked out some stuff about how you need to go about doing Facebook ads targeting for local businesses. And that's what we're going to focus on in this video.

Before I get into the steps, just want to quickly mention there's a free Facebook advertising related resource I'm going to tell you about at the end of this video. So make sure you stick around for that. So the way I thought I would go through this is I'm going to quickly create an example Facebook ad campaign going to get to the ad set level and then focus on the local targeting aspect and then talk you through some of the elements that you need to focus on.

So I'm just in an example Facebook ads account right now. I'm going to go ahead and set and create a new example campaign. So just call this example campaign.

I'm not going to worry about any of the other settings, right guys, I've got all sorts of videos on my YouTube channel for things like campaign objectives and stuff. So if you're interested in all those go and check that out. That's not what this video is about.

I'm just going to call this example ad set. I'm not going to bother creating an ad for now because this video is about targeting. OK, so we're at the campaign level here.

I'm going to go ahead and click into the ad set level. Right. And now I'm going to scroll down to the target area.

So you can see location has automatically been put in as the UK. So the first thing to do, which is probably fairly obvious, but worth stating, if your business only operates on a local basis, you only serve customers within a certain geographical area. You need to enter that information and target that area.

Don't leave the default in my account here being national or anything along those lines. OK, very, very important. Obviously, you don't want to be paying to be advertising in people that are the other side of the country that you can't work with.

OK, so if, for example, I was to advertise locally to me, I live in a small city in the UK called Sirencester. OK, which is in the west of England. Now, I've entered in the city itself and I can choose the area around which my ads are going to be displayed.

OK, so if I zoom right in, let's get the right area here. You can see exactly where Sirencester is on a map for those of you that haven't heard of it or in the UK. OK, so you can see exactly what geographical area you'd be targeting.

So that's 25 miles. I might decide that actually people are probably only going to be willing to travel 15 miles to come work with me. You know, if you think about businesses like dentists or gyms, they probably need a much smaller geographical area because people aren't going to want to be willing to travel to a gym that's further away.

They're going to want to go to one that's fairly close. If you're advertising, you know, your services, it's normally a service based business. But if you're advertising something that's perhaps a little bit more niche, a little bit more unique, that there's not a huge amount of competition in your local area.

So perhaps people will be willing to travel further. You know, something fairly specialist that usually fits the bill. Then, of course, you can increase your target location and you can add in extra locations.

So let's say I've got 15 miles around Sirencester. Perhaps I had another office in Oxford, for example. No, I want Oxford in the UK.

There are lots of Oxfords, unsurprisingly. And perhaps again, I'm happy with 15 miles there. So you can see I've got both radiuses there.

Perhaps I had another, you know, location in Bath. OK, so I could do the same. Again, I want Bath, UK.

15 miles. So you can see I've now got, if I zoom out slightly, I've now got these three sort of areas in the middle west, southwest of England that could be targeted. And that's the first thing you need to do.

What I would recommend when you're doing your target areas is go with the sort of the broader options that you do operate in. So don't go beyond where you operate. But if, for example, you know, you operate within an hour's drive of your place, but most of your customers come within half an hour drive of wherever you're based.

I would go up to the hour mark because in general, Facebook ad campaigns perform better with larger audiences. So don't go beyond where you're willing to travel to or you think customers are willing to travel to you, depending on what kind of localised business you have. But don't really fix in very narrow.

Go a little bit broader because I said Facebook ad campaigns in general perform better with larger audiences. And then one thing I'll quickly mention as well is you can exclude locations. So for those of you familiar with the UK, this is going to make a lot of sense.

Here I've got, you know, some fairly rural, smallish type cities in San Francisco, Oxford and Bath. But Bristol here is quite a large location. So what I could do if I was like, I don't want to compete with all the service providers in Bristol, that would be quite difficult.

I can exclude Bristol as a location, add that in. You can see it's got a very wide area. But if I narrow that all the way down to, let's say, 10 miles, then you can see I'm almost in Bath there.

Perhaps I would need to move the pin slightly because I'm just getting the edge of Bath. But you can see the sort of thing I'm talking about. In that case, what I might do is something like this.

I might get rid of Bristol because I don't want to cut into Bath. I could drop a pin and if I pop that pin, say, there, and I could make that plus, I don't know, 12 miles. You can see I'm going to exclude most of the city of Bristol, but still keep the rest of the area.

So there's all sorts of things you can do with the local targeting options to make sure that you're only left with the absolute areas that you want to target. OK, so that's location targeting. That's the first thing I want to talk about.

The next thing that needs to be talked about is what else goes on down here. Right. So once you've added in your location targeting, you need to have a look at your potential reach.

So with these three options here, I've got a potential reach of 1.3 million. That's really quite healthy. I've created another video talking all about Facebook ads audience size and what you really want your audience size to be.

I'll include a link to that in the description of this video. And that talks about where possible. I would like my target audience to be at least 250,000 people strong.

I appreciate that's not always possible with local businesses in particular, and that's fine. But in general, I like it to be 250,000 person plus audiences. So that means that with this potential reach here at 1.3 million, I can afford to narrow some of these options down.

Okay. So for example, let's say that my market, depending on what I'm advertising was mainly, let's say 30 to 50 year old women. So let's edit the gender as well.

Let's say that that's what in general. Okay. So I've narrowed that down and that's brought my potential reach down all the way to 270,000 people.

Okay. So what that means is I don't now want to be adding in detailed targeting. I don't want to be adding in interests, demographics, behaviors, anything like that.

Okay. So let's say for example, that most of my audience were small business owners. So I went with something like business page admins and added that in as a behavior.

Our audience now has gone all the way down to 4,800 people. And this is where a lot of people go wrong with local targeting on Facebook is they add, in their age, their gender parameters, their detailed targeting, and they end up with an absolutely miniscule audience. You do not want to run a Facebook ad campaign to 4,800 people.

So in this example, I need to go ahead and get rid of that. Yes. You may just want to work with small business owners, but for your Facebook ad campaign to run at all, you need to open up the targeting.

Now, when you add copy and you're creative, you could make it clear that you are focusing on small business owners. And those are the people that you attract. That's absolutely fine.

But don't add it into your targeting options there. Now, if I was to get rid of some of these options, let's say I wasn't advertising in the Oxford area, and I was not advertising in the Bath area. I can get rid of that because there's no need now.

Just in Sirencester, you can see our audience is down to 120,000 people with this criteria. So that's probably narrower than I'd want to be. So if my audience was predominantly female, but let's say 20% of my customers were male.

Okay. Well, I would add those back in and that's going to... Oh, I wanted to add that back into all.

Yeah. So that's doubled the size of my audience. So that is something that we could potentially run.

240,000 is about small enough. Now let's take it one step further. Let's say that I'm operating in Sirencester, but people are not going to be willing to travel 15 miles to come see me.

A gym, for example, being a classic case. Okay. So let's say I narrow that down to just 10 miles.

You can see that we've only got 57,000 people. That's smaller than I'd like it to be. So now what I'm going to do is open up the targeting criteria.

So I might do 18 to 50, still only 94,000, still a bit small. I'm going to go all the way up to 65 plus. So you can see that in this area, 10 miles around Sirencester, which is quite a rural part of England, not a big population base, as you can see, there are just 140,000 Facebook users in this area, Facebook and Instagram users.

Therefore, if I was just advertising to that area, I'm not going to add in any other targeting criteria for the vast majority of the campaigns and things like that I run. I'm just going to leave it open because of the audience size. And this is the really big difference that I see a lot of businesses that advertise locally get wrong and need to make is that if your population area is quite small, which it is for a lot of local businesses, then you have to keep all this stuff down here very, very open.

OK, now, of course, the opposite is true. You know, if I was and I didn't click on that, if I don't want to click exclude either. Let's go back to include if I was advertising in London.

And my area of operation was the M25, which for those of you not in the UK is this line. You see my cursor is going all the way around. It's like a motorway goes round London.

So 25 miles is probably a little bit large. So if I bring that to 20 miles and I've worked with a lot of businesses that say that's a sort of standard. It's basically you're advertising to Greater London and that's your area of operation.

20 miles. We're not far off there. It's probably a little bit big, but you can see we've got 8.6 million Facebook users in there.

Now, in this case, we can be a lot more specific. So let's go back to our previous example. We can be 30 to 50, which is what we had set up.

We just want to target women. What does that bring us down to? Still got an audience of 2 million here.

Right. So this is where we can go ahead and add in some targeting criteria. What does business page advertisements bring us down to?

Okay. So that brings us down to 35,000. So that one might be a little bit small, but what if I put in something like small business owners?

41,000 again, a little bit too small. But depending on your industry, there will be targeting options that you could use when you're advertising a much larger population base, even on local basis, than when you're advertising a much smaller one. Okay.

So those are probably a little bit too small. But if I wanted, you know, there are other sort of business related interest targeting options you can find. Right.

And if you're trying to work out what sort of interest targeting, behavioral targeting options, demographic targeting options you should use, go ahead and check out another video of mine all about the free Facebook audience insights tool, where I show you exactly how I would do that. See, I've just come up with two options that don't work. I don't have any off the top of my head that I would use in this industry.

Therefore, I would go into audience insights, I would find some options link in the description to show you exactly how to do that. And yeah, go ahead and watch that video if you want to know what interest you can put in. But basically, you can get away with more stricter, more specific targeting options.

And you can have a play. So let's say small business owners was too small. With that, I could bring open this back up to all perhaps 18 to 50.

And then if I go with small business owners. 130,000 still slightly on the small side, but you see the sort of thing I'm doing and what I'm getting at here. Okay, so hopefully that makes sense.

When you're advertising to local businesses, I would recommend not selecting the reach people beyond your detailed targeting criteria. And I would recommend turning that on for national and international businesses because there's a lot more scope to find other audiences of people that might be, you know, interested in things like that. In this case, I wouldn't because most local businesses are not going to be used detailed targeting anyway.

And I want to keep it quite specific. Okay, so that's just a quick note on the local targeting. Right, next thing I want to talk about is lookalike audiences.

Now again, I'll include a link in the video description to a tutorial all about how to create lookalike audiences. Lookalike audiences are absolutely fantastic. You take a previous customer list, something like that, you upload it to Facebook and say, Facebook, create me an audience out of people that are very similar to the people who have already bought from me.

It's a fantastic targeting option, produces fantastic results. But when it comes to a local business, there are some adjustments you need to make. So when you create a lookalike audience, you can create a lookalike audience that contains from 1% all the way up to 10% of the population in that area.

Okay, so if I was targeting a lookalike audience, and I'm advertising a local business, I'm always going to go with the maximum, the 10%. And depending on when you're advertising, lookalike audiences may not be viable at all. Now, if we go back to if I get rid of this targeting criteria, you know, what have we got here, and I do the full age range, in the sort of greater London area, we've got 8.6 million people.

Yes, I could advertise to a 10% lookalike, which is likely to contain 860,000 people, perfectly good audience size. I could probably even advertise to a, you know, a 6% lookalike audience or something like that, because it's going to contain enough people. But if we go back to our Sirencester option, so let's pop this in here.

And even if we leave it at 25 miles, you can see there's only a million people. If we go back down to let's say something like 15 miles, we've got 570,000 people. If that's my error of operation, I can't use a lookalike audience, because the maximum size lookalike audience I can use is 10% of the population of that area, which is going to contain roughly 57,000 people.

There might be differences because lookalike audiences are weighted depending on geographical location. So it might be a good chunk bigger than that, but you know the sort of thing I'm talking about, and that's too small to run an ad campaign to. Okay, so if your population base isn't very large as a local business, you just can't use lookalike.

In that case, you probably just want to use open targeting options, just your location, keep everything else blank. If you're advertising in a big city, big population base or a wider area, yes, you can use lookalikes, but make sure they're larger lookalikes, higher percentage lookalikes, because the audience size issue is absolutely key. Okay, so hopefully that's been useful, talking about local targeting when it comes to Facebook advertising.

Now at the beginning of this video, I talked about a free Facebook advertising resource that I think you're going to find very interesting. I'll quickly talk about that now. And that's my Facebook Ads Mastermind group.

So this is a free Facebook group to join, and there'll be a link in the video description below. There's about 36,000 members in that group right now. Absolutely fantastic community, one of the biggest Facebook advertising communities there are on Facebook.

And yeah, it's full of experts, there's hundreds of posts every day with people asking questions, getting them answered by experts, agency owners like myself. Really good community to be in. I release free trainings in there every Wednesday.

Completely free to join, link in the video description, we'd love to have you in there. You get a lot of information and questions answered, so go ahead and do that. And yeah, hopefully we'll be talking soon.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, please share it. Don't forget to comment below if you've got any questions, comment below if you enjoyed it. That really helps me out.

And of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel. Now, when you do that, make sure you turn on notifications. There'll be either a little bell that you can click or sort of a pop up to say, would you like to be notified when I publish new videos?

I'd recommend you do that so that you see the new videos that I'm publishing both on Facebook advertising, SEO related content and things like that. Thanks a lot, guys. And I'll talk to you soon.

Bye for now.