Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Leaguru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook's buying type called reach and frequency. So Facebook have two different buying types. They have auction and they have reach and frequency.

And we'll quickly discuss the pros and cons of each because nearly everyone uses auction all the time. But there are times when you may want to use reach and frequency and I'm going to quickly explain. So to help set this up, I've just created a quick dummy campaign, example campaign as you can see here.

So let's, in fact actually, let's go back to the campaign level and let's select edit. Now you can see here that I've already set this up. So you've got example campaign and buying type.

You've got auction and you've got reach and frequency. Facebook's default is to set to auction. I'm not going to bother because it will reset things.

But you can select reach and frequency. I've done it here. Now the first thing I say about reach and frequency is it limits the campaign objectives you can use.

So you can only use these seven from the list here, not the full list as usual. So you can't run a reach and frequency campaign for things like lead generation. You can only run it for these options here.

I'm going to select brand awareness and I'm going to move on to the ad set level. Now I'm not going to go through and show you exactly how to create a reach and frequency campaign. I'm going to create another video all about that.

I just wanted to talk in this video about the pros and cons of using each. So let's just explain how they work. So auction is effectively traditional standard Facebook advertising.

So when you advertise on Facebook, let's say you want to advertise to 100 people. Someone else wants to advertise to the same 100 people. Whoever gets to advertise to them is the one that pays more.

So it just operates on an auction system. Now it's obviously a lot more complicated than that. There's relevancy score that comes into play.

There's lots of different advertisers all wanting to reach people in different placements at different times of the day. All those sorts of things. But effectively it's an auction and that's what sets the price of Facebook advertising.

That's why it costs what it does to reach the people that it does. Now as Facebook advertising has gotten more expensive, the way advertisers have gotten around that and still been able to make a profit with Facebook advertising is by targeting very specific audiences. So in the auction, you might be able to pay more to reach that 10,000 people that are absolutely into whatever it is that you sell more than someone else can.

So therefore you can continue to advertise to them. But in the auction, you may not be able to outbid other companies because they may be able to pay more to advertise to other groups of people that are more interested in their stuff. So it's a little bit complicated, but hopefully that makes sense.

Auction is exactly what it says on the tin. That's what sets the Facebook advertising price. Reach and frequency, on the other hand, operates quite differently.

Instead of operating in the auction, you can basically book in, guarantee a certain price to reach a certain number of people. So if we just take a quick look on this right hand side here, you can see that Facebook's suggesting that my CPM, my cost per 1,000 impressions, advertising to the default here is UK 18+, would be just 53p. Which is a lot cheaper than you'd see in the auction.

So if I was to run a brand awareness campaign in the auction, Facebook thinks that I would be paying 42% more because this way would get me 41% less. If I ran a brand awareness campaign through the auction, as opposed to using reach and frequency, I actually think that's an underestimation. I think that in the UK at the moment with a brand awareness campaign, you're likely to be paying at least £2 per 1,000 impressions.

Now, if you're running a conversions campaign in the auction to a specific audience in the UK, you might be paying £10 per 1,000 impressions. So reach and frequency is a fantastic way to guarantee a certain price and help you reach a lot more people. And that's where I think it should be used.

It should be used for brand awareness campaigns, reach campaigns, and things like that, where you want to get the word out to as many people as possible, get in front of as many people as possible, and pay as little as possible to do so. So you can see Facebook is estimating that I would be reaching 72% more people with reach and frequency, as opposed to the auction, which is fantastic. The advantages of that are obvious.

From the testing that I've done, where reach and frequency falls down is when you are running those conversion campaigns, when you want people to buy, to become a lead, to take a specific action. Then you don't want the larger audiences where you're trying to reach lots of people. You're better off with those small, specific audiences that are really into whatever it is that you advertise and you know are likely to take action.

So that's how I split it up. If you're looking for a brand awareness campaign and looking to reach big audiences, then give reach and frequency a go. So if you're a big brand, you really want to get the word out there about whatever it is that you're doing, about your business, you've got a big marketing budget, give reach and frequency a go.

Otherwise, I'll be tempted to stick to the auction for the time being. Of course, with everything Facebook advertising, testing is key, so go ahead and test. But that's where I draw the line.

And that's what I would recommend when it comes to Facebook's buying type of reach and frequency is that's how I would use it. Those are scenarios where I'd give it a go. Otherwise, I would stick to the auction.

So hopefully you found that useful. Just before you go, something I want to quickly mention, which is my five-part Facebook ad template, which you can download right now for free. Now, this template includes some of the best performing ads we've created for a number of different clients in a number of different industries.

You can model from those ads. If you're looking for better results from your Facebook ads, that is very, very likely to help you out. As I said, you can download it right now for free.

All you need to do is click on the link in the video description. That'll take you to a page on my website and you will be able to download it there. Hopefully this video has been useful.

If it has, please give it a thumbs up. Please let me know in the comments below. I always really appreciate that.

And don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel for more high-quality Facebook advertising-related content. I publish at least once a week. So make sure you do that.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.