So Facebook have recently released an update and they've said that their business pages are going to get a lot less organic reach. Well is this something that you should be worried about? My name is Ben Heath and that's exactly what I'm going to cover in this video.

So I've been getting a lot of questions about this recent update and people are asking how is this going to affect things, should I stop advertising on Facebook and all that sort of stuff. So let me quickly explain what the update actually is. So basically in a nutshell Facebook have said that business pages aren't going to get as much organic reach so their posts are not going to be put in front of as many people for free.

And this of course is going to affect businesses that rely on organic so free Facebook advertising traffic. So all those pages that put up these viral videos about cats and people falling over and things like that is they're going to get a lot less views than they were before this update. But regular business pages weren't getting much organic traffic before the update that has been disappearing for years so I don't think it's going to affect regular business pages that much at all.

If you've watched my previous videos then you'll know that I strongly recommend advertising on Facebook. I strongly recommend paying to put your stuff in front of your target market and this update is not going to affect advertisers hardly at all. You have to remember that Facebook make money from their advertisers so they're not going to change anything to jeopardize their advertisers, their paying customers.

To be honest this update is just a continuation of what Facebook have been doing for years anyway. Over the last three or four years organic reach has been decreasing massively they've just officially come out and said it. So to summarize I'm not worried I don't think you should be worried either provided that you're paying to promote your stuff on Facebook.

The only potential issue that I could see is that more businesses start advertising on Facebook as a result of this update which means that the price of advertising is going to increase slightly but to be honest that's a trend that's also been going on for years so I don't really think this is going to have much in effect. Now just before you go there's something I quickly want to mention and that's my five part Facebook ad template which you can download right now for free. This ad template includes some of the best performing ads I've created for a number of different businesses in a number of different industries and if you're looking to advertise on Facebook you should find this really really useful.

You can obviously model from the ads in the template it should really help improve the results you're getting from Facebook. So as I said you can download that right now for free all you need to do is click on the link in the video description that'll take you through to a page on my website and you will be able to download it there. So best of luck with your Facebook advertising campaigns guys don't worry about the recent update and I'll talk to you soon.

Bye bye.