Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to explain the difference between a Facebook page and a Facebook group. Now this is a question that I get asked very regularly and I'm not just going to explain sort of the differences in terms of the technicalities and how they function but also the difference in opportunity. What's the better option for you if you want to generate clients and customers with Facebook?

Where should you be investing your time and effort? So I'm going to cover all that in this video. Now to get started with let's focus on a Facebook page.

So what we've got right in front of us right now is my Facebook page, it's just my name Ben Heath and the way to think about a Facebook page I always say to people is think about it almost like a mini website on Facebook. So it's a fantastic place for your prospects, your customers to be able to find out information about your business. So for example, you can include that in the about section down here on the left hand side and you can post updates and news and things on your on your feed here and that's particularly pertinent right now with all the coronavirus lockdowns and things like that in that a lot of businesses will be taking to Facebook and they will be posting when they're likely to be open again or whether they're offering delivery or things to their their existing customers can find out more information.

I'm pretty sure you know my local gym that's closed right now has been posting on Facebook to let people know what's going on. So that's basically how a Facebook page works. It acts like a mini website.

People can find out information about your business. It's also a great place for them to get in touch. So you can see I've got inbox here, 13 messages, which is probably just from the last few hours.

I get tons and tons of messages, probably unsurprisingly given my Facebook presence. But a lot of businesses, a lot of people will get in contact with a business via their Facebook page, just like they would go to their website, go to their contact page and get in touch. They'll get in touch via Facebook Messenger.

Might be asking things about availability, delivery, questions about product services, etc, etc. So a Facebook page is something I basically recommend anyone who is looking to do any form of marketing on Facebook creates. It's very quick and easy to set up.

Doesn't require a huge amount of ongoing management. I'll explain a bit more about that in a second. But it's great to have it there so that when people do come and check you out and do want to get in touch and find out more, this is an avenue through which people can do so.

It's also very, very important if you're going to be running any sort of Facebook advertising campaign, something that I recommend a lot of people do, run a Facebook ad campaign. I've got loads of videos and tutorials talking about how to create Facebook ad campaigns and things like that. So if that's something you're interested in, make sure you check out my YouTube channel.

But you want to be running that Facebook ad campaign from your page so that it looks like it's coming from your business, the ad, as opposed to a personal profile or something like that. So that's the advantage of a Facebook page and this has really changed somewhat over the last five, six years. So you can see I'm scrolling down here to show you that my Facebook page has 135,000 followers.

So by anyone's measure, a large Facebook page and a large following, which makes sense. As I said, I'm a Facebook marketer, Facebook advertiser, I do lots on the platform. Now, five, six, seven years ago, people used to recommend that you post your Facebook page many, many times a day.

You do that to build an audience and then you can then sell your products and services to that audience. Well, as Facebook advertising, paying to put your stuff in front of people has become more and more popular, organic reach, being able to reach people for free as a business on Facebook has basically disappeared. Okay, so I have 135,000 followers and this post here, which is a video, YouTube video, all about how to get Instagram followers with ads has reached 798 people.

A tiny, tiny fraction of the people that follow my page. Okay, and you can see that got 20 reactions, it got four comments. So in terms of, is a Facebook page a good place to go out and acquire customers, go out and generate leads, generate sales from new prospects?

Not really. As you can see from this little demonstration, it's very, very difficult to reach new people through a Facebook page organically. Now, ads is a completely separate topic and yes, you can run ads from your Facebook page.

Very successfully, it's one of the most successful and effective ways of acquiring clients for, I would say probably most small businesses. As I said, I've got lots of video tutorials on that, so check those out. But in terms of reaching them through your Facebook page organically, it's just not really going to happen.

So my recommendation with a Facebook page is anyone looking to do any form of marketing on Facebook, create a Facebook page. You can literally do it in less than an hour, very quick and easy to do, upload some images, and just keep it somewhat updated so it looks like someone's engaged and involved. So posting something, whether that's a piece of content you created or something interesting within your industry, post that, you know, once every two weeks, once a week, something like that is plenty.

Just very much can tick in the background. And it's, as I say, a great place for people to get in touch with you if they want to find out more information, especially if you're running ads, that's very important. So that's a Facebook page.

Now, let's jump on over to a Facebook group. So scroll up to the top. Here we have my Facebook ads mastermind group.

By the way, there will be a link in the video description for you guys to join. If you're interested in Facebook advertising, Facebook marketing, I would strongly recommend it. So if we scroll down to the number of members, my page here, as you can see, has just under 135,000 likes.

My group, on the other hand, has 32,000 group members. So the group is significantly smaller than my page. But this Facebook group is much, much more valuable to my business than my Facebook page.

I've just talked about the fact that organic reach, so being able to put your posts in front of people for free, has all but disappeared on Facebook. The one place where that is not the case and you still get a lot of organic reach is in a Facebook group. And these 32,000 members are very, very valuable to my business.

In fact, I created another video talking about exactly how much I went and calculated how much of our revenue comes from our Facebook group. So you can check that out if you're interested in that. There'll be a link in the video description.

But just to quickly summarise, it's hundreds of thousands of pounds a year come we generate in revenue from these 32,000 members. Okay, very, very valuable. And Facebook groups are different to Facebook pages in that a Facebook page is almost like a mini website on Facebook.

A Facebook group acts more like a forum, more like an online community. So whereas my page I'm sort of posting things out, people might engage with it, a group is all about engagement. And it's not just coming from me, it's between group members as well.

So if I just sort of scroll down, you can take a look at people are posting, you know, that was posted 49 minutes ago, got 10 comments, people helping them out, couple of comments on that post, comment on that post, comment on that post, you see 39 comments on that post that was posted last night. There's lots and lots of engagement between members in the group. And the Facebook groups can be an absolutely fantastic community, an amazing place where, and mine is, and it's why I'd recommend you join, an amazing place where people can help each other out.

They can answer questions and offer advice and help each other learn from experience. Someone might say, oh, you know, out of these three Facebook advertising options, which one should I go with? And someone in the group is likely to say, oh, actually, I tested all those, and this one performed the best.

And that's what I'd recommend, which is absolutely fantastic resource to be able to have. And of course, you know, a Facebook advertising group is, you know, very much topical to Facebook. But you have Facebook groups in all sorts of industries, and products and services and things, you know, I'm members of Facebook groups myself, of hobbies and things like that, that I'm interested in.

And there's tons of these. So that's the major difference in terms of the technicality. As I said, a Facebook group is a lot, lot more valuable, because there is a lot more organic reach.

So for example, I'm doing a live training this afternoon. I posted this a couple of days ago, and this training has 47 comments. So 47 people have said, yes, I want to be tagged, I want to be involved.

And when I do this live training, that's almost certainly going to be seen by more than 1000 people. Okay, not going to get that on my Facebook page, even though I have much fewer group members than I do Facebook page likes. So that's the positives of a Facebook group.

But it doesn't necessarily mean that everyone should create a Facebook group, which might be what you're thinking, watching this video. Facebook groups are also a lot, lot more effort to create. So this group is almost two years old, it's taken us that long to generate 32,000 members, which is a fantastic achievement, very much worthwhile for my business.

But I'm just sort of giving you the honest truth here. And so you can make an informed decision. This group has taken hundreds, 1000s, maybe maybe 1000s, probably more like hundreds of hours to build and create and set up.

So we've run ad campaigns to help build this group, I talk about that in my other videos, I'll include a link. By the way, I'll include a link, couple links in the video description, one to how I grow a Facebook page and one to how I grow a Facebook group. So go through those if you're interested in growing either.

That should really help out. I want to really keep this on to the value of them and the differences between the two this video. Yeah, so at the beginning, I answered every single question.

When my group had 1000 members, every single question that came up, I would answer, I would get involved, I would help people out. It was incredibly time consuming. Probably spent an hour a day on it for at least six months myself personally.

Now, obviously, the group has grown to a point where that's completely unfeasible. There's no way I could do that. There's literally hundreds of posts every day.

And I have help to help me manage this group. So as my business has grown, I've been able to afford moderators, and that's a cost that my business incurs in order to make this the community that we want it to be, as we pay moderators to manage it and all that sort of stuff. So the rewards of a Facebook group are much, much larger potentially than a Facebook page, excluding advertising.

But also the effort required is substantial. So don't create a Facebook group if you are hoping it to generate results in a month or two's time. It's very unlikely.

But if you're happy investing time and money in a resource that could be an absolutely fantastic resource in a year, two years time, and longer, this is just going to keep growing, it grows at three or four thousand members a month now, which is absolutely fantastic, then it's an amazing resource to dedicate. So in trying to work out whether you should create one or not, there's sort of two criteria that I like to tell people. First, is Facebook going to be a significant proportion of your marketing efforts?

For a lot of people consuming my content, the answer to that question is yes, they're going to be running Facebook ad campaigns, probably not focused on many other platforms. There aren't really many other platforms that can deliver as good results for the vast majority of businesses. So if yes, it's going to be a significant part of your marketing, then it might be something that you want to do, might be worth the time and effort, because you're running a lot of ad campaigns, a group complements that really nicely.

If you're primarily focused on Google Ads or SEO or an offline marketing channel, and you just want to, you've heard Facebook might do a little bit for your business and you just want to spend, I don't know, five percent of your budget, let's say on it, perhaps creating a group is just not worth the effort that you're going to go through, unless of course you're a large company and you can afford to pay people to do it on your behalf, then it may be. So that's the first box of tick. Is Facebook marketing going to be a significant proportion of your marketing efforts?

If it is, then yes, I would recommend creating a group. Secondly, does your industry, do your products and services lend itself to community? So for example, with Facebook advertising, it absolutely makes sense that a community could be built around that, because people are all running ads, they want better results with Facebook and Instagram ads, they've got questions for each other, they can help each other out, there's lots of knowledge sharing that can take place there.

Most industries have that as well. You know, even if you offer a product, it might be people talk about various topics in your industry, but can there be community? You know, if you just sell something that's just a pure commodity, it's probably not going to be much of a community around that.

Most industries, nearly all the ones that we've worked with, yes, they could create a Facebook group because you can create a community around the industry and people are going to have questions for each other, share knowledge, maybe even meet up and work together and all that sort of stuff. Okay, so that is the two boxes I would tick, which I do think is going to be the vast majority of my audience and the vast majority of people watching this are, yes, Facebook marketing is going to be a significant proportion of their marketing and, you know, there could be a community around the products and services that they sell. So I think that for most people, creating a Facebook group is worth it.

Just be aware that it does take time, it does take effort. If you don't want to do that yourself, you want to pay for it, that's a cost you have to incur and the rewards are later down the line. But as I said, you know, for that effort put in, we're now generating hundreds of thousands of pounds a year from our 32,000 Facebook group members and as the group grows, that's only going to go up and increase.

One thing I'll quickly mention about Facebook groups is you want to take charge of that community, okay? So don't think you can sort of hack the system and create a Facebook group but not really put any effort into it. The value in the group won't be there if you don't put effort into it.

So for example, we've turned on post approval. No one can post in this group unless it's been approved by one of our moderators first. And that's because we used to allow anyone to post and we just had tons of spam and people promoting their own products and services and it ruins the community.

And things like that are very, very important. No one is allowed to be self-promotional in this group. There are lots of restrictions and rules that we put in place and it takes time to monitor those and enforce them, but that improves the value of the community to everyone within it.

People don't get turned off and it also really helps us derive more value from it as well because if people are enjoying it, they're coming back, then we're able to market our products and services and develop that community and all that sort of stuff. Okay, so hopefully that's answered that question. Everyone should be having a Facebook page, but don't put a lot of time and effort into it.

Should you have a Facebook group? Maybe, probably, but if you're going to do it, do it. Don't sort of half put in the effort and half not.

It's either got to be fully commit or not at all. Right, before you go, something I'll quickly mention, which is my free webinar called Three Killer Facebook Advertising Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. Now this webinar is completely free.

There'll be a link in the video description below and in it I'm demonstrating three different sales funnel, Facebook advertising sales funnels that we use as a Facebook Ads agency all the time. We've generated more than a million dollars with all three of these sales funnels multiple times for multiple different clients. They're very much tried and tested.

So I really strongly recommend you check out this webinar if you want better results from your Facebook marketing efforts. Completely free, 60-70 minutes long, probably one of the most important things you could watch. Again, there'll be a link in the video description to that, so go ahead and check that out.

Obviously, you know, if you're interested in Facebook advertising, Facebook marketing, go ahead and join my Facebook Ads Mastermind group. We would love to have you. You can like my page as well if you want, but really the value for you guys is in the group.

Come and join. There'll be a link in the video description. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, give it a thumbs up.

Please comment below to let me know. I always really appreciate that. Comment below if you've got any questions about any of this and of course don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content that I'm releasing multiple times a week right now.

And when you do subscribe, turn on the little bell notification to make sure you are notified on YouTube whenever I release a new video. Okay. Thanks a lot then, guys.

Talk soon. Bye-bye.