Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about something you should really avoid if you find that you're getting your Facebook ads disapproved. Now, before I get into that, I'm going to very quickly ask you to smash a like on this video and subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay, so there are many different reasons why you can have your Facebook ads disapproved.

It's something that most Facebook advertisers will have to deal with very regularly. It is very frustrating and it may often seem like there's nothing you can do to help this scenario. Whatever you create an ad about, it just gets disapproved.

I've certainly been there, but it's not the case. There are always things you can do to help prevent your ads from getting disapproved. No guarantees, as I said, there are other reasons other than what I'm about to talk about as to why your Facebook ads might be disapproved, but if you're going to avoid this big issue, it should certainly help.

And that's personalization in your Facebook ad copy, either in the headline or in this case, I'm going to use the primary text. Facebook really doesn't want you to sort of personalize copy or make anything seem too personal. And too personal is by Facebook standards, not necessarily by what you might think.

So one thing to absolutely avoid is direct questions in your ad copy, direct questions that are personal. So you want to avoid things like, are you or do you, I'll put them in different lines, or have you. So you don't want to say things like, are you in the market for da da da da?

Have you just gotten divorced or do you have certain medical condition? All that stuff is an absolute no no. Okay, you really, the word you should basically be avoided at all costs, particularly within a question, you can get away with things, more things like, you know, make sure you take advantage of the special offer is fine.

But you don't want to be asking, are you do you have you? There are some industries where this is even more important than others, anything to do with medical, fairly understandably is very, very sort of close to the wire and Facebook's gonna be very, very hot on that and disapprove ads, if they have any of those questions. But in general, even outside of that, you're often going to run into things with this sort of stuff.

So first thing I'd say about getting personalisation out of your ad copy is get rid of all of those. It doesn't mean that you can't still ask questions. So instead of saying things like, let's think of an example.

Okay, so instead of saying things like, are you in the market for dot dot dot, you can literally say things like, in the market for dot dot dot. And you know, let's say it's a new home, in the market for a new home. That's far more likely to be approved than this version.

Are you in the market for a new home? Makes almost no sense, I know. But remember, when you're submitting your Facebook ads for approval, the first round is just to go through an algorithm.

It's not to have a person take a look at it. And that's a lot of what we're trying to avoid here is get past the algorithm because you can get past the algorithm, you make yourself a lot easier. So things like, are you in the market for a new home?

And yeah, that would be a perfect example of things we might just slightly change the wording to make the ad seem a lot less personal. For things like, you know, if you had a medical condition of some sort, you know, even a medical condition, that sounds quite big, but even something fairly minor that people just want to fix, like, let's say you've got bad posture or something like that. You don't want to say, have you got bad posture?

Instead, you would want to focus more on the product itself. So instead of saying, have you got bad posture? Our product helps fix bad posture.

You could say things like, well, you basically get rid of that first part. So you say, our product helps fix bad posture. It has been shown to be successful in cases.

Here's how it works. So if you're talking about anything to do with sort of the body or anything with a slight medical hint to it, just focusing on your product or service is usually the way to go. Get out of talking about are you, have you, do you, trying to resonate with the prospect.

Now, I know that goes against best marketing practices because you want to ask questions and sort of connect with an audience and make sure that they know the product or service is for them and that they have the issue, you know, aggravate old school copywriting expertise is like aggravate the problem, then provide a solution. A lot of Facebook, you just can't aggravate the problem in a lot of cases. It also doesn't, so that's one thing to do if you, anything medical or anything is slightly controversial is just focus on the product or service.

So, you know, if we think about the different strategies you can use here, the first is make sure you get rid of are you, have you, do you, all those sorts of things. Just take those out. So that's just quite a simple copy variation.

So instead of saying, are you in the market for a new home? You just say, in the market for a new home. Kind of a bit cleaner as well from a copywriter standpoint.

The next is to focus more on your product or service and the benefit it brings. So, you know, you don't just have to focus on the features, you can focus on the benefit of the product at all. This product will help improve your posture, which will help relieve back pain, yada, yada, make you appear more confident in front of others, all the sort of stuff that comes with good posture.

So that's another tactic is to really focus on your product or service. Another thing to do, and I think this is something that you don't want to miss out on, because it's a really good copywriting technique. And if you've seen my videos on Facebook ad copywriting techniques, you've probably seen this come across, is use the call out method and ask your audience questions, but in a way that would be acceptable.

So you can't say things like, do you live in West London? You know, you could say, do you live in West London? If you do, come check out my local restaurant.

But you could say, West Londoners, dot dot dot. Okay? You're basically saying the same things, do you live in West London versus West Londoners, dot dot dot, is a similar idea.

It's going to grab people's attention who live in West London. And that's the point, right? That's the point of what you're trying to do with the opening line of your copy.

And then you could still, after this, you could still have the exact same thing. So instead of saying, do you live in West London? Come check out my awesome new restaurant.

You say, West Londoners, come check out my awesome new restaurant. So there have to be ways, there are ways you can say things in your, this applies to both your primary text and your, and your headlines, that aren't as personal. That's another example.

You can also identify people by things they're doing in their lives. So things like, you could say things like, getting married would probably go through, but are you about, are you getting married or have you recently got engaged? They're not going to like that.

You know, I've used this one in the exact, in the past where you can say like moving home, question mark, if you're a moving company or, you know, like something like that. Uh, redecorating. Uh, what, how do I spell that?

Redecorate. It's hard to type a text at the same time. Uh, type, hard to talk and type at the same time, even.

Uh, redecorating, you know, uh, need a new kitchen might get through much better chance of getting through than do you need a kitchen or do you want a new kitchen? Um, it's also cleaner as well. So hopefully you can see the sorts of things that I'm talking about.

You don't need to abandon, like, yes, to some extent you want to focus on your product and service as opposed to as much on the prospect, but you don't need to abandon anything that identifies with the prospect. So things like West Londoners, moving home, um, redecorating, you know, any, either based on a life event or someone's location or something they're interested in, you know, you could have something like, uh, soccer fans, you know, if that's where your target market is, something, a call out method can still be applied and is a very effective Facebook ad copywriting strategy. So don't throw it out, but you just need to change the wording on it.

The other thing I want to mention around that, when it comes to making your Facebook ad copy less personalized, which is going to help you get your Facebook ads approved and help prevent them get disapproved, is you can't do that sort of identification call out method with all things. So it's perfectly fine to say things like soccer fans dot dot dot, but if you try to say something like, oh, uh, bring that up. If you try to do something like Republicans or Democrats or some sort of political affiliation, yeah, that's not likely to work as well.

Okay. That's not going to, you're far more likely to get it disapproved because politics is obviously much more of a controversial topic, right? Um, same with anything to do with like someone's background or ethnicity.

Um, you can, you can identify your target audience or the call out method based on what they're interested in, but not based on anything that's even slightly controversial. So nothing medical, stay away from anything political, religious, um, unless of course, you, you know, you absolutely have to, because it's around what you sell. Um, and yeah, anything to do with someone's ethnicity, all those sorts of things are, are pretty difficult finances.

Even, you know, you couldn't re I'd be very surprised if you could get, you know, low income earners, um, through, you know, it's just not really going to work, but someone who's interested in cars, you know, if you put car enthusiasts, um, that's going to be fine. So with this, you have to be a bit smart about it. Just think like what do face Facebook don't want ads that are controversial.

They don't. So what can you avoid to make your ads seem less controversial? They also really don't want ads that are have too much personalization.

If you've been over the are you, do you have you? I think Facebook recently has been giving less reasons as to why your Facebook ads have been disapproved. So previously, they would be better off at saying your ad has been disapproved for this following policy violation.

They're getting less and less good at providing that detail, which is annoying. And I think this is one that when people sort of send me ads, you know, say this has been disapproved, why? And so take a look at it.

I think often I'm telling people your copy is too personalized and it's just something the algorithm can easily pick up on and that's likely to, um, to lead to, to issues. Okay. So I think this is a relatively quick and easy tip, but something to take out your Facebook ads.

If you find that your Facebook ads get disapproved, try and add copy variation that has no personalization in it, focuses more on your product or service, get, take all the use out of, uh, not the uses in the letter, but the Y O U's out of your copy and just see, I wouldn't be surprised if it, if it goes through and actually works. Okay. Now, hopefully that video has been useful.

If it has, please comment below and let me know, please, uh, subscribe to my channel if you're new and haven't done so already. Before you go, a couple of free things I want to mention. The first is my Facebook ads mastermind group, which is a free Facebook group that, um, that I've created that has, as of the recording of this video, 72,000 members, an amazing community, one of the biggest communities of Facebook advertisers in the world.

It's full of people just like you that want to get better results with Facebook ads. Um, they're asking questions, getting them answered. Very often I do free live trainings in the group.

Fantastic place to be. If that sounds like something you want to be part of, go ahead and join. It's completely free to do so.

Link is in the video description below. The other thing I want to mention is a free webinar I've created called three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue. And in this webinar, I break down three different sales funnels that you can use to, um, help improve the results you're currently getting from Facebook ads.

These are three sales funnels we use all the time as an agency, very much try and tested. They work really well and I sort of break them all down into detail. So I strongly recommend you go through that webinar again, link will be in the video description, completely free to watch, and I'd recommend you do so.

As I said, if this video has been useful, please give it a thumbs up, please, um, subscribe to my channel if you're new and, uh, comment below if you've got any questions. I can't answer them all, but I do see them all and I do get to as many as I can. So, um, so yeah, get involved.

Thanks a lot guys. Talk to you soon. Bye for now.