Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook's detailed targeting expansion option becoming mandatory for conversion campaigns. I'm going to explain what's going on, what that means for advertisers, what you can do about it. I think I've had more requests to create a video on this topic than anything across all the Facebook advertising changes so definitely going to get into this thing that's going to be really useful.

Before I do, I just want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay so I'm an example Facebook ad account as per usual. I've got an example campaign created.

I'm going to jump to the ad set level, click edit and we scroll down to this detailed targeting section here. Now previously underneath detailed targeting we had a little option, detailed targeting expansion is what it was called, a little checkbox that you could deselect or select. Most of the time over the last few months it has been turned on by default detailed target expansion.

In most ad accounts it seems to vary for some reason, I'm not really sure why but Facebook does that sort of thing. But you could always unselect it so you could choose whether to use detailed target expansion or not. And detailed target expansion for those who don't know refers to Facebook having the ability to target people outside of your chosen targeting criteria.

So for example you could say look I only want to advertise to people interested in dog training. Okay that's your niche but I've selected people interested in dog training but Facebook if you think you can go ahead and get me conversions that are cheaper, that give me better results from going outside of the targeting criteria I've selected, Facebook go ahead and do it. And you see that when you select a detailed target expansion it would expand the potential reach to basically everyone within the location, gender and age targeting parameters that you selected.

Now Facebook has made that mandatory. You have to have that turned on for conversion campaigns specifically. So I want to want to clarify a few things because there's some there's some misinformation there.

So first thing is it's now mandatory for conversion campaigns not for other campaigns or other campaign objectives although you can choose to turn it on. You can't use detailed tags expansion for reach and brand awareness I believe but for all the others it is optional other than conversions. Conversions it's now mandatory.

And that's the campaign objective we use the most is probably the campaign objective most of you are using. And I think the reason why Facebook have done this because they take a look at the data and they can see that on average advertisers produce better results when they have detailed targeting expansion turned on than when they don't. So by making everyone turn this on on average they're going to produce better results across the board and Facebook think that's great for advertisers.

Now the problem is that I know that the people that are watching my content and going to this level of Facebook advertising they're not really interested in the average. They want to have more control so they can get competitive advantage. Now I'm not saying that having detailed targeting expansion turned off always got you better results that was competitive advantage.

But if you followed my previous videos on the topic you'll know that there are times when I do not want, well I did not previously want to have detailed targeting expansion turned on. Particularly new ad accounts, new conversion campaigns where Facebook doesn't have a huge amount of data yet, all that sort of stuff. Now Facebook have clarified in their communication around this which hasn't not been a lot, they have clarified that they only use the detailed targeting expansion feature if they think they can get you better results outside of your targeting criteria.

So let's say you're targeting people interested in dog training for example, that's your niche and the campaign's performing really well. Well in theory then Facebook should not expand your reach, who you're advertising to, beyond the people interested in dog training. If it's not doing so well and they believe they can get conversions better from other targeting criteria then they will expand that out.

Now the detailed targeting expansion option which I said you can't see here anymore because we know it's automatically on does not apply to location, age or gender. So it's not like if you're I'm only one to target people under the age of 35 for example it's not like you're going to all of a sudden be advertising to 50 year olds. Same with gender, same with location targeting.

It applies to this detailed targeting section down here. Now I've had lots of people suggest things around how we can get around this. The detailed targeting expansion feature also does not apply to exclusion.

So you could enter in your target criteria and you could say yeah but I want to exclude... I don't think that that's a good way to go about forcing a ad set to effectively not have detailed targeting expansion turned on. You would kind of have to exclude everyone but the people you want to target which in theory is just not really going to work and as you may be aware and I've talked about this quite a bit with exclusions I'm not a big fan because it seems to get in the way of Facebook's delivery systems and that just worsens your results.

So what can you do about it? Basically not a lot or what I should probably rephrase that and say there are things that you can do but they will have more of a detrimental impact on your Facebook ad campaigns than doing nothing. So for example you could change campaign objective instead of using conversions you could use traffic you could use reach and and that and then you could turn off detailed targeting expansion but do you want to do that?

No you'd be much better off with a conversions campaign with detailed targeting expansion automatically turned on. Same situation with trying to use a load of exclusions. So effectively whilst there's tons of people really concerned about this I don't think it's going to be a much of a big deal.

There might be some people that see a drop off in performance and that's that's unfortunate. I think overall Facebook advertisers are going to see better results particularly beginners that don't really know about these things and and you know shouldn't be tweaking with too much anyway because they want to go with more of the default settings but for more advanced Facebook advertisers yeah you could argue it's it's not going to be great. But what I really want to get across is please don't go ahead and and jeopardize your campaigns in order to correct the problem because I'm pretty sure that the cure is going to be worse than the problem in the first place.

For example if you change from conversions to a reach objective thinking aha that gets rid of this detailed targeting expansion option that's a problem because you know reach as we know if you want conversions if you want purchase leads etc it's not going to perform anywhere near as well as conversions. So it's a lot of things Facebook advertising related guys is you don't want to try and fix something where the fix is worse than just accepting the fact that you haven't got an ideal situation. So we'll see how it plays out.

I think in theory this should be absolutely fine I can see some problems particularly in the short run but that's what's going on I wanted to clarify what's happening I also want to clarify please don't do too much to try and fix this I think it's just something we have to accept and move on with even if that's a little bit annoying a little bit frustrating. Okay before we go one thing I want to quickly mention that's a free webinar I've created brand new webinar called One Technique to supercharge your Facebook advertising results and in this webinar I break down the single most important Facebook advertising skill if someone said to me I really need good results for Facebook ads I want to get better results for Facebook ads how do I do it I'd say check out this webinar implement this one technique that I show you exactly how to do and that's by far the best way so go ahead and check out this this One Technique webinar and it is there'll be a link included in the video description below go through and watch it it's about 50 minutes long very very good use of your time to go through this I believe completely free links in the description if you found this video useful please thumbs up subscribe to my channel if you haven't already and comment below to let me know I will see them I get as many comments as I can and yeah thanks a lot guys bye for now