Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about optimization for ad delivery and which option you should use in your Facebook ad campaigns. I'm going to go through a few different campaign objectives to work out which one you should use in which scenarios. I think it's an important question, important thing to get right for a lot of Facebook advertisers.

Before I get into it, I want to very quickly ask you to hit that thumbs up button, that really helps me out and it's much appreciated. And of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. I'll help make sure you stay up to date with all the latest Facebook and Instagram ad changes, of which there are tons.

Anyway, let's get on to the topic of this video. So I've created a conversions campaign, that's what I want to start with. We use conversion campaigns the majority of the time, there are scenarios where we use other campaign types but conversions is most common.

And I'm going to go ahead and jump to the ad set level and I'm going to click on edit and then we're going to scroll down to the bottom of the ad set and we're going to see optimization for ad delivery. If I hover over the little i, you'll see it says choose the event you want to optimize for in your ad set. This selection affects who sees your ads to get you the desired outcome.

That's the most important part. So if I go ahead and click edit, you can see the conversions is the default. You can also go for landing page views and even some other options like link clicks, impressions, daily unique reach.

When it comes to conversion campaigns, conversions is what Facebook recommend. It's certainly what I recommend. You want to tell Facebook, this is what I want you to go out and get.

Don't try and get me the clickiest people. Get me the people coming through to my website that are most likely to convert and that's what conversions is going to do. So very straightforward in that scenario.

Let's have a look at some other campaign types and go through some of the options because they are slightly different. Okay, one of the campaign objectives that is used the most is traffic. I'm going to name this so we can keep track of all the various ones.

The traffic campaign, let's say you can't track conversions, you don't have the Facebook pixel installed, all that sort of stuff, using traffic objective. If we scroll down, you'll see that the default here, optimization for ad delivery is link clicks. I actually recommend usually, if you can, changing that to landing page views.

There's a lot of accidental clicks on Facebook or Instagram. A lot of people with big thumbs, we all do it right, you accidentally click on an ad, didn't mean to, you click straight back. If you optimize for link clicks and someone accidentally clicks on an ad and before your website even loads, they click back and go straight back to Facebook or Instagram, Facebook will be like, great, we got this advertiser, the result that they wanted.

We got them their desired outcome. We've done our job. This is fantastic.

Let's put ads in front of more people like them. Now, you and me know that that's not what you want to talk. You don't want to optimize for accidental clickers.

So if you go for landing page views, Facebook's only going to count the people that actually stick around to the point where your landing page, wherever you're sending people, loads. So you're basically getting rid of a lot of those accidental clickers, those people that just click straight back and you're helping inform Facebook. No, actually, if someone loads up a landing page, that's who I'd rather you put my ads in front of people just like them.

They're more valuable to my business. Okay. Can make a big difference, by the way, particularly on certain placement options.

So that's another example. One of the other common Facebook ads that I see, I don't want a traffic campaign. One of the common Facebook campaign objectives that I see is a reach campaign.

So let's go ahead and use reach. If you follow my stuff, you may know that I like to use an omnipresence content campaign a lot for certain types of businesses. So if you're advertising a particularly expensive service, for example, we use omnipresence content all the time.

And for that, we will use the reach campaign objective. I'll include a link in the description below with more information about omnipresence content and all that sort of stuff. Because if you just hear that first time, I'll be like, what on earth is that?

You'll find out more information there. But we use the reach campaign objective. And if I go ahead and jump to the ad set level here, and we scroll down, you will see that the optimization for ad delivery is reach.

You can change that to impressions, but I would go with reach. The difference between those two, by the way, in case you're curious, is that impressions gets you as many views as possible. Reach puts your ads in front of as many people as possible.

Now, the difference between those is that obviously you could have multiple impressions by the same person. So with impressions, you might end up with more people seeing your ad more frequently, and a less overall audience size. So that's why we'd recommend going with reach.

And whenever we're using omnipresence content campaign, we're going to use the reach objective. Okay, let's have a look at a fourth one that people often use, not one that we use very often, because we're typically looking for a different outcome. But people do use video views.

So if I go ahead and click continue on that, we will call this video views. As I said, even if we're running a video ad, we're usually going to be using conversions if we can, because that's what we really want, or traffic or reach depending on the circumstances. But if we jump to the ad set level, and we scroll down to the bottom of reach, you can see that the optimization for ad delivery selection default here is through play.

And you can see here, we'll deliver your ads to help you get the most completed video plays. If the video is 15 seconds or shorter, for longer videos will optimize for the first 50, well, for at least 15 seconds. And this is what I'd recommend you go through.

The other option is two second continuous video views. People can watch two seconds of your video basically accidentally, if they're watching TV, they're just scrolling through, leave, happen to leave their, scroll on their feed on your video for a couple seconds. Boom, that's going to be counted here.

I want the higher quality engagement. That's what I want to optimize for. So if you are using video views, I'd recommend going with the recommended option, which is through play.

And you can see the distinction depending on how long your video is there. Okay. So an important thing to get right, the optimization settings that you do, that you select within your Facebook ad campaigns really inform Facebook around what it is that you want.

And we know that because Facebook's machine learning process is so good, letting Facebook know this is what I want. Please go out and get this for me, makes a massive difference to the performance of your campaigns. So go ahead and check out your optimization for delivery and delivery section, depending on where you are, you know, what kind of campaign objective and things like that.

Go with some of the options, well, the options that are recommended depending on what you're using. And if you're not already doing that, you may see a significant improvement in your results. Okay, before you go, couple things I want to quickly mention.

The first is our Facebook advertising services. So my company, Lead Guru is a Facebook ads agency. We create, manage and optimize Facebook ad campaigns for our clients.

And if you want to get better results, we can almost certainly help you do that. Or we can almost certainly do that for you. We do have a 3k per month minimum budget.

But if you do meet that criteria, you can book a free call with one of my team members below. They can explain more about how we work, you know, how we create campaigns for our clients, how we manage them, optimize them, all that sort of stuff, explain our fees, of course, no obligation, but you can just find out more. And we can see potentially maybe we'll be able to work together.

Other thing I want to mention is a free webinar called three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue. And in this webinar, I break down three different sales funnels that we use for our clients all the time. And if you're interested in working on how to become a better Facebook advertiser, how to implement Facebook ads yourself, strongly recommend you go through this webinar, because it's going to show you which sales funnel you want to use, depending on the products or services you offer, you need different setups for different price types of products or services, different price points.

And that's what this webinar shows you how to do. So I strongly recommend you check that out links in the description below. That's completely free.

And yeah, I think you find it very useful. Thanks a lot for watching, guys. Please remember to hit that thumbs up button.

Subscribe to my channel if you're new and haven't done so already. And comment below. I don't get to all the comments, but I see them all.

I get to as many as I can. Comment below with feedback, with questions, all that stuff. And yeah, I'll talk to you soon.

Bye for now.