Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk to you about Facebook ads strategy and specifically the Facebook advertising strategy of using traffic campaigns versus using conversion campaigns. Now this is a question I get asked all the time from my Facebook ads mastermind group, my YouTube channel, is people want to know when they're using a strategy of directly advertising their products and services to their prospects on Facebook. Should they use the traffic objective and send as many people to their website as possible and hope that people either purchase or inquire and become a lead?

Or should they use the conversions objective, send less people to their website but hopefully people that are more likely to convert into customers or into leads? So what I did is I took a company, I ran an experiment, I tested the exact same campaign in traffic form with the traffic objective and the exact same campaign in conversion form with the conversion objective to see which performs best and the results are pretty interesting. I'm going to go through those just now.

Just before I get into that I'm going to provide you with a little bit of context to the company that's being advertised here and what the offer is. So it's an interior design company and the offer that we're using in these ads is a free interior design consultation. A lot of service providers will use a free consultation as their introductory offer.

Obviously people sign up for the free consultation, they can then follow up with them and progress them on to becoming a company. Now this company didn't want to use Facebook lead generation ads because they know that the company, the quality of leads that come through Facebook lead ads tend to not be as good as if you come through a website. Some businesses obviously want that volume.

An interior design company that's looking to work with maybe 10, 15 clients a year that are very, very high value in the hundreds of thousands of pounds client value, they want quality. Quality is really important to them. That's also important to note when you're looking at some of these data, this data I'm going to go through in a second, when you're looking at cost per lead information thinking, wow, they're paying a fortune per lead.

This would be a lot per lead if it was a much lower value business, you know, say like window cleaning or something like that. You have to pay much less per lead because, you know, customers just aren't worth that much to you. When customers are worth hundreds of thousands of pounds, you can afford to pay a lot per lead.

So we're going to look at these sort of numbers, you know, £60, £90 per lead. That's a fantastic cost for this company. I don't want to focus on that.

I want to focus on the strategic decision between traffic and conversions and what we found running this test. And I've talked about this before, but I want to go into a little bit more detail. So interior design company, as I already mentioned, we've got two campaigns here.

We haven't spent a huge amount on the campaigns, but enough for it to be a significant test. So, you know, almost £2,500 spent on each campaign. First thing before we get into the lead data is you'll notice that this is obviously the conversions objective here, and this is website clicks.

There might as well be traffic. You can see that they're both called free consultation homepage because that's exactly how this campaign works. People click on the ad, they go through to the company's homepage, and there they're encouraged to sign up for the free consultation.

Their homepage is optimised around that completely. Now you'll see that the link clicks, so spend is very, very, you know, we're £80 off on £2,500, so virtually identical. This campaign here, the website clicks, the traffic one, generated 2,300 link clicks versus 1,300.

So a lot more people were sent to the website with this strategy here. And you can see that the cost per link click is just £77, which is relatively cheap. It's very cheap for a company like this, but relatively cheap for any, you know, direct campaign types.

You know, if you're advertising a piece of content, you can get that down to £20 in the UK, something like that, £25. But for sending people directly to your website when you're looking to strategically generate leads there and then, that's a pretty good price. Also, huge amount more impressions, a lot more people, £325,000 impressions.

Well, I say similar amount of people, because you can see that £58,000 reached, £59,000 reached there. But many, these people saw the ad many more times on average, £325,000, whereas that's just £168,000 there. So a lot more impressions, a lot more eyeballs seeing the ads themselves.

But if we get down to cost per lead, which is the really important metric. So first thing, we've got leads. Even though the spend is virtually identical, the conversions campaign generated 40 leads.

The traffic campaign generated 24 leads. And look at the difference in cost per lead. Here we've got £61.34 is the cost per lead for this conversions campaign.

And with this one, we've got £98.76. So we're talking, you know, this one's 60% of the cost of that one. It's a huge cost saving.

You know, and when you're paying between £60 and £100 per lead, which is still very good for this company, but obviously that's still quite a lot to pay a lead, this sort of difference, this 40% difference, can make or break the success and the profitability of a campaign. So if you're advertising on Facebook and you want to generate purchase on your website, you want to generate leads on your website, hopefully this is definitive evidence that you should not be running a traffic campaign. You should be running a conversions campaign.

You should optimise for what it is that you want to do. So obviously to run a conversions campaign, you need the Facebook pixel installed on your website. If you haven't got that already, I will include a link in the video description to a video that shows you exactly how to set that up.

And you want the event code, lead event code set up. Again, that'll be included in that other video. So make sure you take the time to do that.

It just takes 10 minutes when you know how to do it and it can make a big difference, as you can see, to these campaigns. And we've run smaller experiments than this in the past and we've always come up with the same objective. If you want leads from your website, if you want purchase, if you want people to take a specific action, don't use traffic and go with Facebook's default.

Use conversions instead. It's a much better Facebook advertising strategy, produces much better results. And yeah, it only takes a few minutes, but it makes a big difference.

Now, just before you go, something I want to quickly mention about my five-part Facebook ad template, which is something you can download right now for free. Now, this ad template includes some of the best performing ads we've created for a number of different clients, including ads from this business. So if you want to see what this interior design's ads look like, perhaps you're a service provider, you want to see how they offer their free consultation, what copy is used, what imagery is used, all that sort of stuff, go ahead and download the five-part Facebook ad template.

Click on the link in the video description below. That'll take you to your website and you will be able to download it there. As I said, you can model from those ads.

If you're looking to get better results from your Facebook ads, then I think you're going to find it very, very valuable. So hopefully this Facebook ad strategy video has been useful. You now know that conversion campaigns, if you want conversions, is the way to go, not traffic.

If you enjoyed it, please give it a thumbs up. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel. If you've got any questions, of course, pop them in the comments below and I will be sure to get to them.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.