Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook lead generation ads versus Facebook conversion ads. Which one is better? So if you're looking to generate leads from your Facebook ad campaigns, you know, you're a service provider or a lead generator or something like that, should you be generating, should you be trying to do that by running a Facebook lead generation campaign, otherwise known as a Facebook lead ad campaign, whereby you keep people on Facebook and look to generate leads on Facebook, or should you instead be sending those people to a website or to a landing page and using the conversions objective, running a conversions ad to try and get them to become a lead there instead.

So that's what I'm going to discuss in this video, talk about the pros and cons and give you a real world example from one of our clients. Before I do that, I want to quickly mention that at the end of this video, I've got a couple of free Facebook advertising resources I think you'd be interested in, so make sure you stick around to the end for those. With that said, let's get into it.

So here I am inside a Facebook ad account and what we can see here, what you can see is four different campaigns, okay? So they're all the same offer. You can see they're 50% off special offer, okay?

All the same offer. And you can see that we've spent a reasonable amount on these campaigns. You know, this isn't a nonsense test.

£16,000 been spent on these campaigns and you can see the, we can start to get into the details and get into the breakdowns. So the top two are lead generation campaigns. And you can tell that because the cost per result, the result is a per on Facebook lead, okay?

That's what lead generation campaigns, lead ad campaigns do. For those of you who aren't aware, with a lead generation campaign, someone clicks on an ad, instead of being sent to a website or a landing page, they're kept on Facebook, presented with a lead form where they can enter in their information, become a lead, and then you can contact them as a business. If you're not familiar with how to set up a lead ad campaign or anything like that, I will include a video in the description of this video that goes through exactly how to create a lead ad campaign to get great results all the way from start to finish.

So I strongly recommend you go through that if you are interested in lead ads. So these top two are per on Facebook leads, and these bottom two are per lead. And that's per lead as in the lead event code, which is triggered by people who are becoming leads and converting on a website, okay?

So what we have is the top two campaigns here are lead generation campaigns. The bottom two here are conversion campaigns, offering the exact same thing, we're just testing the different basically campaign types, okay? Now the first thing that'll be really obvious is that the cost per lead on the lead generation campaigns, the Facebook lead generation ads, is significantly less than the cost per lead from the conversion campaigns.

And that's typical. So here we have £3.91, £4.69 versus £9.88 and £15.12. That's something that we see often.

We often see lead generation campaigns producing a cost per lead that is half or sometimes even less than a conversions campaign. So you may be thinking, why shouldn't we just always run lead generation campaigns? And the reason why you may not want to is because the quality tends to be better with a conversions campaign that sends people to a website or a landing page.

And the quality is better for a couple of reasons. Lead generation campaigns are designed to be very, very easy for the user. So let's say a lead generation ad pops up on your phone, you're interested in the offer, you click on it, you're then presented with a lead form within Facebook, you're not taken to an external site.

Facebook will pre-populate your data into the lead form. So obviously to have a Facebook ad account, they have your email address, they may have your phone number if you've added that to your Facebook account, and then maybe a bit of other information that Facebook may store on you. Well, once you click on that ad and you're presented with that lead form, that information will automatically be entered, which makes it very, very easy for you to just click on an ad and then click submit.

That's it. It takes half a second to do that. What that means is that people that become leads and inquire through a lead generation ad, they may not necessarily be very committed to the company, very invested in the process.

They may not even remember the action that they took. So if you, as a business, call someone who became a lead via a lead generation ad, you know, a couple of hours later or the next day or something along those lines, you may hear, and this is something we hear from our clients often is that people will say, oh, I forgot I even did that. I didn't, I didn't mean to, I didn't realise, et cetera, et cetera.

So it's very, very easy to, for someone to become a lead, which makes it very inexpensive. The easier something is online, the more people are going to do it, but it means that those people might be less likely to convert later down the sales funnel because they're not as invested in the process. Whereas if someone clicks through onto your website, there's going to be information on your website.

They may have had a look at your portfolio, at your testimonials, depending on what you've got there at your landing page. They, they, they then have to enter in their details. Facebook's obviously not going to be able to pre-populate it for them.

So they're going to enter their details, their phone number, email address, whatever. You might ask for more information on your website. They're more invested in the process.

So more people drop off, less people become leads, but you're going to end up excluding those lower quality leads that aren't that interested and just being left with those higher quality leads for the most part. So that really is the, the, the trade-off there is, is quality on the conversion side of things, quantity on the lead generation side of things. Another big advantage that lead generation has is the ease with which you can get it set up.

So whether you're running Facebook ad campaigns for your own business, or you're an agency looking to run them for clients, if you don't have a great website or your client doesn't have a great website, you probably don't want to be sending Facebook traffic to that website. It's just not likely to convert very well. You're not going to see great results.

Whereas if you use a lead generation ad, they never get to the website, or at least the vast majority of them will never get to the website. So that's just something you don't need to worry about it. You can make it very clean, very simple, very easy by running lead generation campaigns in that sense.

And you can test things faster. So perhaps you're thinking about offering a new service instead of building out a whole web page, maybe even a whole separate website. Why not just stick up a lead generation ad, see if it lands.

If it turns out your target market is just not interested in that, don't bother going ahead and investing lots of time and money into selling everything else up. Okay, so they're a great tool for that. With this business, as you can probably work out, we spent a lot more on the lead generation campaigns than we did, you see the amount spent on the conversion campaigns.

So we decided that for this business, and obviously we're working closely with the business owner to work this out, that actually a volume, a higher volume of leads that cost less was favourable, was what they were after, as opposed to the potentially higher quality. In this case, they had a sales team that was really hot on following up with lead generation leads. So anyone who came through a lead generation ad was followed up with, I think within the hour, often within sort of 20 minutes or so.

And we generated quite a high volume of leads, you know, we're talking 2000 in that one, 1200 in that one. And therefore they were able to convert them quite well, and the lower cost per lead was worth it. So we paused these campaigns and ran these for quite a bit longer.

So that is something that I would recommend if you're, you may know either way, you may be like, look, we're just in, we're in a volume game, we want as many leads as possible, let's go for that. But you may be the opposite, you may be like, our time's really valuable, we offer a really high end service, we want, we don't want to be wasting our time with lots of people, we just want quality, then great, go with the conversion ads. There are lots of businesses that fall in that category of, well, I'm not sure, I don't know which one to run.

My recommendation would be to try both. It's very quick and easy to create a lead ad campaign, and then duplicate that and run the exact same offer, the exact same ads, same targeting options, etc, etc, as a conversions campaign, and just see which performs best. There's always differences between businesses, that's what we usually do with our clients, unless we know one way or another, we usually like to test both.

So that's something I would recommend doing if you're unsure, if you know, I want quantity, go with the Facebook lead generation ad. If you know, I want quality, go with the conversions ad, otherwise test both. And that really is the trade off.

There are things you can do, let's say, for example, you want a high quantity from a lead generation campaign, but there are things you want to do to just improve the quality a bit. There are adjustments you can make. And I recorded a video on how to improve lead quality.

So I will include a link to that video in the description below. So make sure you check that out if you fall into that category of a bit of a halfway house between the two. But that's basically the trade off.

Okay, hopefully that's useful. Hopefully you have more direction in terms of where you're going to go in terms of which type of Facebook ad campaign you're going to create. Before you go, a couple of free resources that I mentioned at the beginning of the video.

The first is a free webinar called Three Killer Facebook Advertising Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. I strongly, strongly recommend you check this out if you're advertising on Facebook. You have to have to use the right strategy for your business to see fantastic results with Facebook.

All three strategies that I detail in full in that webinar are strategies we've used with our clients to generate more than a million dollars. They're very much proven, very much tried and tested. So go ahead and check that out.

It's a completely free link will be in the video description. Well worth your time to go through that. And another free resource I want to mention is my Facebook Ads Mastermind group, which is a free Facebook group of mine.

Anyone can join. It's got just over 30,000 members right now, which is absolutely fantastic. It's a fantastic online community.

Tons of, literally hundreds of questions are being asked and answered every single day. There are loads of people in there that are more than willing to help you out, answer your questions, provide you with feedback on stuff, including me. I hold live trainings and all sorts of fantastic free stuff in there all the time.

So I strongly recommend you go ahead and join that again. Link will be in the video description. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, give it a thumbs up.

Make sure you subscribe to my YouTube channel. Turn on the little bell notifications when you do, so you receive a notification when I publish new Facebook advertising related YouTube videos. And I will talk to you guys soon.

Thanks a lot. Bye bye.