Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about how Facebook's ad disapproval process is broken, it is not fit for purpose, I'm going to talk about what that means for you as a Facebook advertiser and most importantly how you can get around the process to actually get your ads running. Before I get into that I want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. So I think just about every Facebook advertiser if you advertise on the platform for long enough gets thoroughly frustrated with Facebook's ad review process, their ad disapproval process because it just doesn't work well at all.

There are so many ads that are submitted for approval that get disapproved when they shouldn't be. This happens all the time, we have dozens of ads disapproved when they shouldn't be in our agency every day, it is incredibly frustrating, it is a waste of everyone's time. If I was ever to speak to someone high up at Facebook who was wanting to improve their ad process I'd be like stop thinking about the settings and get your ad approval process sorted.

I say 99% of the time when we have ads disapproved if we submit them for review when someone manually reviews them they're yep actually they do comply with policies and they put them through and they go live. All that time is wasted because their ad disapproval process does not work well, it is broken. Now the reason it doesn't work very well is because it's not reviewed by a person, there's no way Facebook will be willing to hire enough people to manually review each ad at the beginning.

So it goes through an algorithm, there's AI involved to assess whether or not your ad should be approved, if it isn't you can then request a review by a human being but that's the first stage okay, is that algorithm approval process. And I've got a document in front of me here that sort of, it's outdated because it talks about too much text and image but you can see how the system works right with, they're checking for certain things like age and restricted material, branded terms, determining whether or not it's good to go. What I'm going to talk about now in terms of how you get past that process, I want to be very very clear, is I'm not going to describe a technique for getting ads approved that violate Facebook's advertiser policies.

You should not run ads that break advertiser policies if you do, even if you get away with it initially, they will be taken down eventually, it's just not smart, not something you want to do. And in fact I'll include a link in the video description below to another video talking all about advertiser policies and which ones to watch out for and all that sort of stuff. But there are tons and tons of times where your ads do comply with Facebook advertiser policies and they still get disapproved.

So what I'm about to talk about is for that scenario specifically, it's my ads comply but they still keep getting disapproved, how do I stop them getting disapproved? Because that is just a waste of everyone's time. Yes they may well be approved when you request a manual review but that can take days even weeks and depending on your ad account history and spend and all that sort of stuff.

And also you don't want all those disapprovals being sort of mounting up in your ad account because you get enough disapprovals and your whole ad account could be taken down. It's a real nightmare. So if you know that an algorithm is approving or disapproving your ads initially, how can you use that to your advantage?

How can you basically get around what it's looking for as it's still within advertiser policies, get around what it's looking for and allow your ads to run? Often it comes down to avoiding the obvious traps or the obvious things that the algorithm has been programmed to watch out for. So let's take an example, let's talk about investment opportunities.

Let's say you were selling investment opportunities and you kept, which Facebook will allow you to do right, that's within advertiser policies. There are restrictions but that's with advertiser policies. Facebook's algorithm is going to just disapprove any ad that uses certain words in the headline, the primary text, even across the image or video.

Things like make money, things even like investment opportunities, anything that says like guaranteed return. So if you can't use the word guaranteed return, okay, how could you describe that, that same thing, without saying the words guaranteed return? Because the algorithm is going to just watch out for guaranteed return but there's probably a way that you could word that in a sentence that I would understand, that you would understand, that your target market would understand as a human being, because obviously there's different ways to say different things, but just avoid that keyword.

You can use the exact same process with a lot of things that touch on anything medical or anything even health related that's not medical. Okay, weight loss, you know, weight loss is going to be a word that triggers Facebook's approval process, gets loads of ads disapproved, but Facebook would absolutely allow you to advertise say a personal training program that helps with weight loss or a nutrition diet plan that helps with weight loss. But it's just if you use that word, the algorithms, boom, they're going to flag it.

But there's lots of different ways that you could say weight loss without saying weight loss. You could talk about getting in fantastic shape for, you know, get beach ready, or getting in fantastic shape for the summer or the holidays, or fitting into a smaller pair of jeans, for example. I know, you know, other people reading those ads that fitting into a smaller pair of jeans is very similar to weight loss.

But the algorithm within Facebook is very unlikely to be programmed to be watching out for people saying fitting into a smaller pair of jeans or something along those lines, right? So really give that thought. The same, by the way, does occur with your creative as well, with your image, with your videos?

How can you perhaps be slightly less obvious? Again, putting in something that people will understand, you will understand, but that perhaps an algorithm wouldn't immediately watch out for. The examples of that a little bit more difficult, but you'd have to try and apply that to your scenarios.

It's easy to explain with ad copy, but you can do it. Often you do it with images of things that people understand and then to represent something else. Again, examples a little bit more difficult, but have a think about it for your industry.

And I wouldn't be at all surprised if there's lots of people watching this video that are just sick to death of ads being disapproved for no reason. And if you just spend an extra five minutes thinking about your headlines, your primary text, even any text and things like that you've got in your image or video, and you think, okay, yeah, I can see that the algorithm is going to flag weight loss. It's going to flag investment opportunity.

It's going to flag make money. It's going to flag various certain things. Okay, how can I say that without saying using those words?

Okay. And then you come up with a, often a slightly more wordier way of saying things, but that's fine. People will understand who see your ads and you put it in the ad and boom, it's approved.

No problem. It's advertising the exact same thing, but that, that, that's what this video is all about. It's the algorithm that is just looking out for certain things.

They're basically checking, do you violate any of these 30 things we've been told to look for? Uh, weight loss is one of them, right? Let's disapprove that.

They can submit it for review. Someone can manually review it. Can you get away?

Can you get around that? Yes, you can. Don't say the words weight loss.

Say instead something like fitting a smaller pair of jeans, get ready for, you know, get your body beach ready or whatever it is. Okay. Um, and that might save you a huge amount of time and effort and allow you to crack on with your Facebook advertising, allow you to actually advertise and allow you to get much better results.

Hopefully it is. So a bit of a simple tip today, um, a little bit of frustration on my part, cause I'm once again dealing with, um, an ad account that is just getting disapproval after disapproval after disapproval for no reason whatsoever. And, um, yeah, very frustrating that Facebook's disapproval process.

If anyone from Facebook is watching, I am telling you that will affect your bottom line as a business more than anything else. Let advertisers who aren't breaking the rules advertise. Stop disapproving their ads.

And I think you will, um, yeah, you'll generate a ton more revenue, a ton more profit. It is well within your own interest and all of our interest as, as Facebook advertisers. Before you go, something I want to quickly mention, and that's a free webinar I've created called one Facebook ads technique to supercharge your results.

And in this webinar, I break down the single most important Facebook advertising technique. If I had someone ask me, I'm getting started with Facebook advertising. I want better results from, from the ads I'm already running.

Um, what do I do? What's the one thing to focus on? It's this, it's what I detail in this webinar.

A link is in the video description below. It's completely free to, um, to watch it, to go through it. And, uh, I think it'd be a fantastic use of your time.

It's 50, 60 minutes long. And I think it could make a huge difference to your Facebook ad performance. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up, um, subscribe to my channel if you haven't already.

I'm releasing Facebook ads related content all the time. So if that's important to your business, very good idea to subscribe. And of course, comment below, comment below if you've got any questions, comment below, and to let me know what you think.

And, uh, and yeah, I'll talk to you guys soon. Thanks guys. Bye for now.

Bye.