Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and in this video I want to talk about using Facebook Stories as a placement option in your Facebook ad campaigns. Now if you've created Facebook ad campaigns within Facebook's ads manager, you'll know that when you get to the ad set level, you can select which placements you would like your ads to appear. So there's about 14 different placements across Facebook and Instagram, different locations where your ads can appear.

And what most people do is they either go with automatic placements, which is Facebook's default option, that means basically your ads are going to be put everywhere. Or they select edit placements and they basically get rid of everything and just focus on the feeds, the Facebook mobile and desktop news feed and the Instagram feed. But recently, I would say over the last six months, we have seen fantastic results, really quite amazing results with Facebook Stories.

And that's the case even if you don't have to be running a short video clip, that's a lot of people think, oh I don't have the right sort of ad format. Single image, static image ads can still perform very, very well on Facebook Stories, which is interesting. Now what you'll find if you target Facebook Stories and use that as a placement option, it doesn't deliver the volume that you get from the feeds.

So people spend more time, most people spend more time on the Facebook news feed, on the Instagram feed. So if you enable Facebook Stories as an ad placement, you're not going to get all your conversions, most likely all your conversions coming from that location. But what you probably will find, and this is what we find at the moment, is that some of your lowest cost conversions come from that placement option.

You've got to think of how people use Facebook Stories. They're checking out things from pages they follow, from people they follow. They're engaged, they're watching.

It's active. It's more active than someone just scrolling through their news feed. And that's probably why people are more likely to take action when they see an ad, and why you're likely to see a lower cost per conversion with Facebook Stories than with feeds or other placement options.

So my recommendation wouldn't be to target those placement, use those placement options, use Facebook Stories specifically by itself, but include it in with some other placement options if you're just targeting the feeds and things like that. You are likely to see an improvement in performance. Okay, so before you go, something I want to quickly mention, and that's my Facebook Ads Mastermind group.

It's my free Facebook group. It's got over 9,000 members right now. Fantastic community of people wanting to get better results with Facebook advertising.

People post questions. Get answers from experts all the time. Really great community.

If you want to get better results with Facebook advertising, you want to see and meet other like-minded Facebook advertisers, go ahead and click on the link in the video description. That'll take you to that group. You can request access, and I'll approve that for you.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like. Please leave a comment if you've got any questions below. Always happy to receive questions.

Let me know if it's useful. I always want to know, get that feedback of whether my content's helping people or not. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel.

Thanks a lot guys. Bye-bye.