Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook ad inspiration and specifically how and where to find inspiration for your Facebook ads, where to find examples of other ads that you can model from, ideas for ad creative, ideas for ad copy, all those sorts of things. It's not something that enough Facebook advertisers do. Finding inspiration for your Facebook ads can be a really, really beneficial activity, can really help you create your own ads and improve your results.

Before I get into that, I just want to quickly ask for you to smash a like on this video, please click the thumbs up, that would be much appreciated and really, really help me out. Okay, so inspiration for your Facebook ads. As I already said, not enough Facebook advertisers do it.

It's very, very important that as a Facebook advertiser, you take a look specifically at what other businesses in your industry are doing on Facebook and Instagram when it comes to advertising. You can find out all sorts of great information like what ads they're running, what creative they're using, what offers they're using, what sales funnels they're using. I'm going to show you how to do some of that in this video very quickly.

So under the Facebook ad library, just Google Facebook ad library, it popped right up and you'll come to a page that looks like this. So basically through the Facebook ad library, you can take a look at any Facebook page on Facebook and Instagram. You can find, you can see exactly what ads they're running right now.

Okay, fantastic tool. So let's assume you've got a specific competitor in mind, or at least I would start by coming up with a list of competitors. Perhaps just have a quick brainstorm.

You're probably already aware of them, you know, five to ten competitors in your space that you think, oh, that's a company that's in my space that's run kind of well. It seems like they've, you know, they know how to do things properly. They're good marketers.

Let's go and check out what they're doing. If you don't have examples to mind, then just spend some time in Google, have a quick search round for, you know, the keywords associated with your product or service, you'll quickly find some examples. And you can just jot those down, make a little note, then you want to come into into this head to the Facebook ad library.

The first things you want to do is unless you're thinking about doing this through the lens of, you know, political ads and things like that, then leave that selected. Otherwise, you want to go ahead and select search or and then you need to search for you to basically find the advertiser, the Facebook advertiser that you want to take a look at the ads of. And then you need to go about typing in their name.

So for example, if I was wanting to advertise stuff in the digital marketing space, like I often do, I could search for digital marketer. Okay, example I've used before, these guys are absolutely fantastic, you should check out their content. And they're brilliant advertisers.

So if I want to see what are some of the best people in our in my industry and Facebook advertising digital marketing space doing, this is an absolute great place to go check out. You can see that you search in the name like this, it pops up as the as digital marketer found their Facebook page, you can see how many, you know, followers, whatever they've got. And you can also see what ads they're running.

First thing to note is you need to filter by country. So obviously, I'm in the UK. So this is default to the UK.

But I can see for example, they've got 62 ads in the UK, I could change that to United States. And I bet there's more of this, yeah, slightly more in the US. Okay, you could also see by platform, you can see impressions by date or that sort of stuff.

One thing I want you to to really pay attention to when you're taking a look at these ads in here is what date was the ad first launched, you can see these are on the 30th of October, I'm recording this on the 2nd of November. So that's, you know, very close. But what I would do, usually, when I'm coming and take a look at this, I would scroll down and try and find some ads that have been going a while.

So what have we got here? 1st of July, and that's the end. Right, so digital marketers have been advertising an ad since the 1st of July.

So that is four months. Yeah, all of July, August, September, October, that's four months they've been running this ad. That means this ad is performing well for them.

100%. A company like Digital Marketer is there's no way they're continuing to advertise something for four months, if it's not producing great results. So this would be a great, a great ad to model from.

So I could come in here and be like, Oh, look, they've produced what looks like some sort of lead magnet all about the perfect client proposal templates. It's all about putting proposals together for clients. Okay, could I create something similar?

Could I offer a similar offer? That sort of thing. Then you can click into their ads, you can click See Ad Details here.

And you can see their exact copy, you can see their their image they've used. Okay, that's a pretty simple image doesn't look that impressive. Maybe that's the sort of thing that's working right now in this space.

And they've got multiple versions of the ads, they've actually used different images, which you can see here by clicking on these options here. And you can also click Learn More and go through to their landing page. So when someone clicks on this ad, it's exactly where they're being taken is to this landing page here.

So not only can I take a look at the ad, I can also start to see some of their sales funnel. So this is something I'd strongly recommend you spend some time doing for ad inspiration. If I come back here and really, first thing is if I was to do like the order of things, okay, so the first thing I think about is the offer.

It's the most important part of any Facebook ad. What offers are people using in your industry that seemingly work really well. And if you've got an advertiser that's been advertising something for months and months, maybe even over a year, you can guarantee that ads performing well, and you can go ahead and model from it.

So that's the first thing offer. And of course, you don't want to copy it outright. So I wouldn't go ahead and copy this outright, but I might produce something that's similar because it's obviously working for them and I want to do something similar.

Okay. So the first thing is that is to model from the offer. The second thing is to look at the ad creative, in particular, the ad format.

So you can see these are image ads, they've got video ads here, and these have also been running since July. So, you know, they're looking pretty good. More video ads here.

Image, video, more videos, more videos, more videos, some more images, a couple videos. So the mixture of video and image ads here, predominantly video. Okay.

That's a good thing to be aware of. They're not running any slideshow stuff. They're not running any carousel stuff.

That's something to think about as well. And you don't, you shouldn't do this process with one business, by the way. As I said, if you've got a list of like five to 10 advertisers, something like that, take a look at them all and you'll start to get a really good picture for the things that do work well.

Okay. So you've got your offer, you've got your ad format, then you want to start looking at the actual content within the ad creative. So here they're using video, right?

These are face to camera videos primarily with some text over the top of them that are really highlight the most important part. Okay. Can you model from something similar to that?

Perhaps they're using imagery and here you can see their imagery. If we go back down is this sort of stuff here, you know, that sort of, it's not like people in the imagery. It's like quite clean, simple imagery.

Okay. Maybe that sort of style of image I should be creating those sorts of things. Once you've gone past those two steps, you then want to start looking at the ad copy.

So start looking at the headlines, start looking at the primary text up above the image and think about the selling. Primarily what you're looking for is the selling points that they're using, right? So what are the major benefits associated with the product service and what are they highlighting here?

So if for example, I was going to focus in on this, well, it's good to the bottom because these are the ones we used earlier, focusing on this ad about the proposal template, you say getting a meeting with a potential client isn't a guarantee you'll land their business. It's what happens after that really counts, download your free copy. So they're talking all about the benefit of this proposal template.

It's going to help you convert. It's going to help you convert, right? If I sort of scroll up, these are, you know, this ad here, tired of losing clients.

When agencies have more resources, happy clients equals better retention rates. So that's all about, that ad's hook is all about retaining clients and holding onto them. That's what they're advertising there.

So you can work out these hooks and work those into your, into your ad copy. One of the big advantages, and this is really important, you absolutely do this. When you click through on an ad and you come through to a landing page like this, not only can you then see their landing page, so that's sort of step four, you've got the ad offer, the ad format and creative, the ad copy.

Then you've also got the landing page, take a look at what they're using. So here they've gone with a very simple, you know, a bit of information about the lead magnet and then the details. It's a very simple opt-in page.

Nothing too complex about this, fairly easy to replicate. Okay, perhaps I'd have come through and they'd had a really long form sales page. Perhaps, you know, there's all sorts of various options, right, people could have had and you want to see that.

But here's the other thing that's really fun about this. By checking out this ad, I visited the page on the website. There's a very good chance I'll be added to their retargeting campaigns.

And what that means is, when I next go and spend some time on the Facebook news feed, the Instagram news feed, which is absolutely something I'd recommend you do. If you're looking for better results for Facebook, don't just see it as, you know, as wasting time and procrastination to be scrolling through Facebook or scrolling through Instagram. It's not.

Not if you're a Facebook advertiser. I mean, it can be, but it shouldn't just be that. You should be taking a look at the ads, you know, what comes up.

Okay. Oh, that's a really, the amount of times I've been scrolling through and thought, oh, that's a really interesting ad. I'm going to try something like this for one of our clients.

So when you go ahead and visit this website, plus another five of your competitors, a couple of things are going to happen. One, you're going to be entered into the retargeting stack for these businesses. But let's say, for example, I was visiting a shoe website.

Two, I'm going to be registered on Facebook and Instagram as someone who's interested in shoes, which means when I'm then scrolling through Facebook and Instagram and looking through the news feed, I'm going to get shoe ads, not just because I'm being retargeted, but because my categorization as a Facebook and Instagram user will have changed someone who's interested in shoes, and I'm going to get all the shoe ads. So I'm going to see even more examples. So for competitors that you haven't even thought of, you know, you haven't even, the ones you didn't find in your five to 10 that you went through, other ones are going to pop up.

And on the balance of things, if you see ads again and again and again from a particular business, they're likely to be performing well. Otherwise an advertiser wouldn't keep advertising. That'd be a waste of money.

Again, those are good ones to draw inspiration from and good ones to model from. I had this experience recently where I've been buying, I've been setting up a home gym in my garage and I've been buying lots of, lots of equipment and doing research into getting some nice stuff and all that sort of thing. I cannot go on Facebook and Instagram right now without seeing ads for, you know, weight plates and barbells and, you know, benches and all sorts of things because I've obviously been, not I'm being retargeted, but I've also been registered as interested in those things by my online activity.

And therefore, if I was advertised, if I was an advertiser in that space, like let's say I wanted to advertise gym related, home gym related products, that would be such an effective exercise to get Facebook ad inspiration would be click through to the websites and be retargeted and targeted and also check out the Facebook ad library at the TubeBest Student. A lot of you might have seen me talk about the Facebook ad library before, but not necessarily in this context. So I think this is a, this is an important way to, to use it.

Okay. Hopefully that's been useful. If it has, please smash a like on this video.

And before you go, just want to quickly mention a couple of things. The first is that my company Lead Guru is a Facebook advertising agency. We create, manage and optimise campaigns for our clients.

And if you've been managing this yourself and either you're not getting the results that you want, or you think your results could be, could be improved, your campaigns could be scaled, perhaps we can almost certainly help you achieve that. You know, we, professional agency, we spend millions and millions of dollars on the platform. We do this all day, every day with every type of business you can imagine from e-commerce to lead generation type companies, to online businesses.

And we've got the experience to help you get the best results. So if you would like to explore working with us, allowing us to, to create and run your, your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, that's something we do do. We do have a minimum budget requirement of 3k per month.

So you need to have 3k per month to spend or, or be ready to get to that point fairly soon to work with us. But if you do meet that criteria, we'd love to speak with you. So you can click on a link in the, in the video description below.

That'll go through to a page on, on my website where you can book in a free call with me or one of my team members, depending on, depending on who's available. And just an informal chat, we'll basically let you know how our service works. We can find out a bit about business, see if you'd be a good fit if you've worked in a business like yours previously, which we almost certainly have.

And, and yeah, it would be, it'd be good to connect. Other free thing I want to quickly mention is my Facebook group. So I've got a Facebook group called the Facebook Ads Mastermind Group, which has right now over 56,000 members, one of the biggest communities of Facebook advertisers in the world.

It's a fantastic place for, for people like yourself who are wanting to get better results of Facebook advertising, to connect with others, to get help from others, to help each other out. There's questions answered, asked and answered in there all the time. I do free live trainings and live Q and A's in there regularly.

So that sounds like something you want to be a part of. Go ahead and join, completely free to join. As I mentioned, just click on the link in the video description below.

And yeah, we would very much like to have you in there. Hope this video has been useful. As I said, smash a like on the video if you haven't already.

Best of luck with your Facebook advertising and and finding inspiration for your Facebook ads and Facebook ad creative. And I will talk to you soon. Bye for now.

Bye.