Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about how Facebook's default location targeting settings are wrong, what you should do instead, but before I go down I just want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button, that really helps me out and is much appreciated and of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. I'm releasing Facebook advertising related content just like this all the time, that's very very important to your results, so go ahead and do that. Now Facebook's default location targeting settings, let's get into it.

So I'm in an example Facebook ad account and I'm going to create a campaign to show you what the current situation is and what the issue is and what you should do instead. So I just created a quick conversions campaign, that's the campaign objective I use the most. We're going to jump to the ad set level because of course the ad set level is where the targeting settings are dealt with including location targeting, where you're going to advertise to geographically.

Now you can see that the location default is United Kingdom, that's because I'm in the United Kingdom and your location default in terms of where you select is very much going to be up to your business. It could be the country that you're in, it could be multiple countries if you operate internationally, it could just be a specific geographical area. So for example I live in a town called Cheltenham in the west of England and I for example if I was a local business could go with something like this right, just advertise to within 18 miles of my location.

Personally as a Facebook ads agency owner we are usually going to be advertising either nationally within the UK or even internationally including countries like the US, Canada, Australia, things like that. But that's not what I really want to talk about here, I've got other videos talking about the location targeting, how to work it out and things along those lines. The part that I want to focus on in this video is this section up here and you can see that Facebook's default location targeting setting is people living in or recently in this location.

If we click this little drop down you'll see that there are various options, four options in fact. You can either go with people living in or recently in this location, which is the default. You can go with people living in this location, people recently in this location, people traveling in this location, Facebook provide more information around what that is.

Now this being the default will provide you with the largest possible audience, but I think that's a big issue. There are lots of businesses that want to advertise to people within the local area or even within a country that have no interest in advertising to tourists or business travelers or anything like that. If you're a service-based business and you operate let's say in London, the chances and you know you're a service like something fairly significant that people only buy relatively locally, the chances that you want you're going to get a customer who is someone who does not live in London is going to be very very small.

They're more likely, let's say you're a a roofer for example, okay. People are only going to hire a local company to do that for the most part. You do not want to be advertising to tourists or business travelers and if you're advertising in a place that gets a lot of tourists and gets a lot of business travelers, you think of big cities like London or New York for example, that might represent an enormous amount of the people that you're advertising to if you just say I want to advertise in this area, I want to advertise in London or in a specific part of London and I want Facebook you to advertise to people living in or recently in this location.

That might, the recently in might double the numbers because people are going in and out of a city like London all the time and that could represent a massive waste of your budget. You know again the degree to which this is an issue is really going to depend on where you're advertising and how many people are traveling in and out but if I was to advertise to the whole of the UK for example and I don't know the exact numbers but and obviously it's going to be affected depending on you know what year you're operating in and how much travel there is and things but let's assume things that are normal travel wise there's probably tens of millions of people that visit the UK every year that don't necessarily live in the UK and if my customers are only people that are going to they're actually living in the UK well that's a massive problem and a massive waste of my budget. It's also part of the reason we've had issues before where people have commented and they said things like I'm only advertising this location but Facebook seems to be showing my ads to people outside of this location.

A lot of it might be this, if you're advertising to the whole of the US are you aware that with this default setting you're going to be advertising not only to people that live in the US but also all the people that have recently visited the US? A lot of Facebook advertisers aren't aware of that but that could be a real big problem so I'd recommend that the majority of advertisers go with people living in this location. Now of course you have to run a common sense filter on this and make sure that it works for your business so if you are a restaurant for example or a business that is tourist friendly or business traveller friendly and you're very happy to be advertising people that are travelling or moving in and out then absolutely you can leave it with the default you can even specifically target people recently in this location or even people travelling in this location.

But I think for Facebook to have the default to include people recently in this location particularly when you're including like advertising on the country level, there's probably in a regular year I wouldn't be surprised if a hundred million people, 50 million people that don't live in the US visit the US and if you're advertising for that whole year you could potentially be advertising to all those people that visited from all over the world then left and went home they're never going to be your customer you may not even be able to sell your products and services to them once they've gone home and you're wasting a huge amount of money. So just have a think about your business and what it is that where your customers have come from is it actually just in that location which it is going to be for the majority of people watching this I'm sure in which case absolutely make sure you go with people living in this location that's certainly what I think Facebook should have as their default even though they don't and that may well help improve your results. Okay before you go couple things I want to mention the first is our Facebook advertising services so my company Lead Guru is a specialist Facebook and Instagram advertising agency we create manage and optimize Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for our clients if you want to get better results we can almost certainly help you achieve them so if you're interested in finding out more the best thing to do is click on a link in the video video description below that'll take you to a page on our website and you can book in a call free call with one of my team members there no obligation just to find out more about your business how we work all that sort of stuff and we do have a 3k per month minimum budget so please only book a call if you meet that that criteria and then yeah maybe we'll get a chance to work together now if you don't meet that criteria you don't have that budget or if you do and you want to do this yourself as opposed to working with a professional company like mine one of the things I'd strongly recommend you do is check out a free webinar I've created called three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue and in this webinar it breaks down the three sales funnels that we use most often with our clients that perform fantastic results we in this webinar I've broken down exactly how the sales funnels work and you can work out okay my business is this type therefore I need to use this of the three strategies this is how it works you can work all that out in the webinar strongly recommend you check it out completely free link again is in the video description below and yeah I hope you enjoy it if this video has been useful please comment to let me know comment if you've got questions and things like that hit that thumbs up button that'd be much appreciated and of course subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already thanks a lot guys bye for now