Hi guys, it's Ben Heath and in this video I'm going to talk about scaling Facebook ad campaigns and specifically I'm going to talk about vertical Facebook ad campaign scaling and horizontal Facebook ad campaign scaling. I'm going to talk about the differences between the two, what they are and which one you should be primarily focusing on. Before I get into that, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash a like on this video, click that like button, that'd be very much appreciated and help me out and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already.

Okay so vertical scaling versus horizontal scaling, what am I talking about? Something I get asked questions about fairly regularly and it's something that I think quite a few other people talk about. I'm going to sort of clear that up in this video and tell you which one you should be using.

So I'm in an example Facebook ad account as I often am in my videos and let's assume I've got this campaign up and running in front of us right. We've got example ad campaign, it's spending £100 a day, it's working really well and I want to scale. Do I horizontally scale or do I vertically scale?

So horizontal scaling basically refers to adding in other elements into your campaign. So you're scaling out, if you sort of imagine it, horizontally. So let's say I've got the one campaign, I could either create new campaigns or I could create new ad sets that target other people.

That's really the key here, you're targeting other groups. So let's say I click into example ad campaign, I've got example ad set, if I wanted to, you can do this at the campaign level or the ad set level, you know, whether using CBO that might make a bit of a difference, but the principle is the same. I'm going to go ahead and select this and I duplicate and then I could, you know, create let's say three copies, you know, assuming I've got the one ad set to start with or I've got a bunch of ad sets.

Let's go ahead and close that down and then I could have, you know, example ad set two, I could have example ad set three, example ad set four and you get the sort of thing I'll talk about. So that's horizontal scaling. Let's say in my first ad set I'm targeting one specific group of people, this is working really well, I'm going to scale out by finding other groups, adding other elements to my campaign and scale that way.

Obviously if you're using CBO then at the same time you would want to be increasing the budget. If you're using ad set budgets and let's say you had 100 on this ad set, then you could add budget manually to each one of those ad sets at the budget level. And by finding other groups of people to target adding other elements, you're horizontally scaling, you're spending more, you're reaching more people, you are going to be having a greater impact from your Facebook ad campaign, etc, etc.

So that's basically the principle and horizontal scaling. If, by the way, I had one example ad set in this campaign, but if I had let's say four, the principle would still apply. You know, you're still scaling by finding other groups of people to target, adding in new elements into your ad account and getting your ad in front of more people by doing so.

That's horizontal scaling. Vertical scaling is more straightforward. Basically, let's assume I started with that one campaign.

Instead of adding in other campaigns or adding in a whole bunch of other ad sets into that existing campaign. Instead, I'm going to go ahead and increase that budget. So if you go from £100 to...

I mean, you wouldn't do that in one go. But let's say over a few steps, I've got other videos about how to change budgets. So I'll include a link in the description of this video actually to that, because it's important you check that out.

Don't go from £100 a day to £500 a day in one go, you probably want to go £100, £200, £300, £500, something like that. Okay. But let's say I want to just vertically scale, it's all about increasing the budget.

Okay. Now, which one would I prefer? Personally, I'm a big fan of vertically scaling.

I think that if you've got a campaign that's already performing well, for the most part, what you want to do is you want to keep as many variables as you've got that are working well, the same as possible. So I want to be targeting the same audiences. I want to be using the same ad creative, same ad copy, etc, etc.

By vertically scaling, so by increasing the budget, you're basically saying to Facebook, this is working really well, just instead of advertising to, you know, 100,000 people a day or 20,000 people a day, go ahead and advertise to more people than that with this exact same setup. Now, of course, when you vertically scale, you may need to make some adjustments, you may need to come into your ad set. Let's say, for example, that one ad set or these ad sets look alike audiences, now 1% look alike audiences.

Well, when I'm spending a lot more money, I might need to therefore increase that to a 2% or a 3% because, you know, spending more money, there's more impressions to be had, I need a larger audience. But I'm not necessarily changing the audiences that I'm targeting. I'm keeping all the variables the same.

And I'm just increasing the budget. And I just think that's going to work much better. You know, Facebook's gone through the learning phase, it's worked out a lot of the optimizations have taken place, they've worked out how you get great results with this setup.

And that's just something you want to keep taking advantage of. But you want to do so by spending more money, which obviously hopefully generate more leads and sales, etc, etc. When you are using the horizontally scale horizontal scaling technique, and you're adding in new elements, either new campaigns, new ad sets, you don't know whether they're going to work or not.

Your existing elements, you know, are working, otherwise, you shouldn't be scaling, you should not be scaling a campaign unless it's delivering results. But if you're adding it, let's say you've got an ad set, two ad sets that are working well within a campaign. If you want to go in and add four new ad sets with other targeting options, you don't know whether they're going to perform very well.

So I, if I've got a campaign that's doing well, I'm going to vertically scale. Are there times in which I would be adding in new ad sets into a campaign? Absolutely, for testing purposes, not for scaling purposes.

In my mind, those are two different things. I don't like to test and scale at the same time. I want to test at a certain budget level, work out a formula that works, a combination of the offer, the ads, the targeting, etc, all that stuff.

Okay, this works. Now I'm going to scale it. Whereas testing, adding in new elements to see how they perform against your existing elements is something that should be done separate from scaling.

Because if you do both at the same time, you don't know what's causing the results. Has my cost per purchase doubled because I've increased the budget? Or has my cost per purchase doubled because I'm now targeting a whole bunch of new interests that don't potentially perform as well?

It's very difficult to work that out. So I like to do one at a time. If we have a campaign that we want to improve performance on, yes, we will be adding in new ad sets, but we'll be keeping the budget at the same level.

So whether we're using campaign budget optimisation does that automatically, whether we're allocating them via ad sets, then we can go ahead and and we can go ahead and basically readjust those. So we're still spending, let's say the £100 a day that we started with something along those lines. We're not scaling at the same time.

Okay, so I'm not a big fan of horizontally scaling. One other thing I want to mention about horizontally scaling, because if you do it the way I've described, I don't think it's ideal, but it's not necessarily disastrous. If you horizontally scale by, let's say you've got this campaign here, and you duplicate it and create three or four exact duplicate versions of this campaign and just run them alongside each other, and you keep each one at £100 a day instead of just having one at the £500 a day, that may well actually work in the very short run, because you might get a little bit of a new campaign boost, etc, etc.

But over the long run, that is really going to hurt your performance. I would strongly advise against that strategy over the long run. I do not like running duplicates, exact duplicates of anything alongside each other.

If you're going to duplicate an ad set, make a few adjustments to see how it performs, that's fine. If you're going to duplicate an ad, change the headline, change the copy, something like that, that's absolutely fine. But don't run identical stuff alongside each other.

They compete, it confuses Facebook, and you're going to see definitely, maybe not in the short run, because things fluctuate, right? But over the long run, definitely a drop off in performance. So quite a simple video today.

Vertical scaling is the way to go. Check out that video in the link description, talking all about scaling how you've got budgets, because that goes with this one quite well and it's quite important. But I just wanted to clear that up, because I think that's an important topic.

Before you go, a couple of three things I quickly want to mention. The first is a free webinar I've created called Three Killer Facebook Advertising Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. Now this is a brilliant piece of content, if I do say so myself, that I think you're going to find very, very useful if you're trying to get better results from your Facebook and Instagram ads.

So in this webinar, basically what I've done is I've broken down three sales funnels that we use all the time for our clients. They're very much tried tested, they perform really well. And I've broken those down, I explain exactly how they work in detail.

And I also say, look, if you've got an eCommerce business or this type of service business, an online business, you want to use funnel A and B, or you want to use funnel A and C, or you want to use funnel C only. I explain all that in the webinar. And I think that's super, super important, because there's no such thing as a one-size-fits-all Facebook advertising approach.

And I really want to get that across with all my content and with this webinar, I really do that. You need to use the right sales funnel for your specific business, your products and services, your price points to make it work. And that's what that webinar is showing to do.

Completely free to watch it. Go ahead and do that. Link will be in the video description.

Strongly recommend you check that out. Other free thing I want to mention is my Facebook Ads Mastermind Group. Now we are at just over 47,000 members in my Facebook Ads Mastermind Group.

It is very quickly becoming one of the absolute largest Facebook advertising communities in the world when it comes to Facebook groups, which is absolutely fantastic. And it's full of people just like yourself, people who want to get better results with Facebook Ads. They're asking questions, getting them answered by experts.

I do free live trainings in there every single week. If that sounds like something you want to be part of, completely free to join. Again, link will be in the video description.

Go ahead and request a join. We'd love to have you in there, see you get involved and help improve your performance along with everyone else's. If this video has been useful, please give it a thumbs up.

I'd be much appreciated. Please comment below to let me know. That's always helpful.

Comment below if you've got any questions. And of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Click the little bell notification so you are alerted when I publish new videos.

Best of luck with Facebook advertising, guys. And I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now.

what are<|ko|>