Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about what you should do if your Facebook ads, your Facebook ad campaigns get stuck. I'm going to find what that means, I'm going to talk about how to diagnose whether your campaign has gotten stuck and then of course what to do about it. Something that happens to a lot of Facebook advertisers, something we deal with all the time so I think this video is going to be very very useful.

Before I get into that, just want to quickly ask for you to like this video, please click the thumbs up button, that'd be much appreciated and really help me out and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay so what I mean by a Facebook ad campaign getting stuck, there's basically two ways in my opinion that I see a Facebook ad campaign get stuck and a whole bunch of ways when they don't when people think they do. The first is literally for some reason your Facebook ad campaign just stops running.

So either a campaign, this could be the campaign, this could be at the ad set level, even at the ad level it just stops running. You've got budget, you've got large audiences, there's no reason why it wouldn't run, it just simply won't run. It simply won't generate any impressions and of course if you're not generating any impressions then you're not generating conversions, whatever it is you're actually optimizing for.

That does happen. I think people tend to forget that the Facebook ad platform, because of the volume of usage you get, because of all the changes that Facebook makes, it is quite glitchy, it is quite buggy and there are things like that that happen, technical issues that crop up. They often try and attribute those sorts of issues to specific problems like, oh I changed the targeting and this happened or something along those lines.

That's the first way a Facebook ad campaign can get stuck. If that happens, pause that campaign, duplicate it and create a new one. Don't feel bad about doing that, don't think, oh well I'm going to re-enter the learning phase and all that sort of stuff.

Yes, it's not ideal. If you had a campaign that's been running for a while, it's better to be able to continue running that campaign because of all the optimization that's taken place. But if you have a technical issue in your Facebook ad account, the best way to overcome it is just like if you've got a technical issue with your computer, turn it off and turn it back on again.

It's the same logic here and we do this quite often. So that's the first time a Facebook ad campaign gets stuck. It can happen with a campaign that's been running and just all of a sudden stops delivering.

It can happen with a brand new campaign that just didn't start running for whatever reason in the first place. You can also get stuck in the review process. You publish some ads, you publish a new campaign and they're in review for two or three days thinking what is going on here.

There's just been a technical issue within your Facebook ad account. Give it another go and hopefully that will resolve the issue. So that's the first way a Facebook ad campaign can get stuck.

The second way that I feel a Facebook ad campaign can get stuck is in terms of the performance. So you may have had a campaign that's performing particularly well and all of a sudden it drops off and then no matter what you do, you cannot get performance to anywhere near where it used to be. And no matter what sort of adjustments you make, new ads, new audiences, all that sort of stuff, you just remain at that same level.

It basically gets stuck delivering a certain conversion cost, a certain metric that you're optimizing for and you just can't figure out why. I feel like Facebook ad campaigns when they do that, they do seem to almost get into a rut. I said the title of this video is Facebook ad campaign being stuck because I feel like that's basically what occurs.

It's quite a good description for what we see. Again, if that's what you see happen, I would recommend that you duplicate that campaign and run a brand new version. Allow the new Facebook ad campaign to learn under new conditions and hopefully you can try and basically kick it out of whatever has gone on to get it stuck in the first place.

There are weird technical glitches and things that happen when a Facebook ad campaign gets stuck. Now with that second option, what you need to be able to do is you need to be able to distinguish between a Facebook ad campaign that has gotten stuck as I described and a Facebook ad campaign that has ad fatigue because those are two different things and require different fixes. If you've got ad fatigue in your Facebook ad campaign and you just try duplicating it and creating a new version, well that's very unlikely to solve the problem because basically you've got an ad fatigue, your audience is bored with your ads, they're not going to buy, they're not going to become a lead, etc, etc.

You need a different solution. So how do you work out the two? Well, take a look at your frequency number and I've got a Facebook ad campaign up here to show you this.

I don't want breakdown. Go to the campaign level. I want delivery.

Now if you select delivery, you see this is an example Facebook ad campaign, I've only got one campaign in draft, but you see that here is a frequency column and you can select this and click on delivery and you'll see the frequency column. The frequency column is going to tell you how many impressions the average person within, in this case a campaign, but you could do the same at the ad set level, has seen of your ads within obviously this campaign or this ad set. So let's say you see a frequency of two, that means the average person in your audience has seen your ad twice.

Now that's an average of course, so some people are going to have seen it eight, nine, ten times, some people are going to not seen it at all. That's the way Facebook works, particularly say someone clicks on an ad, comes to your website, Facebook is going to put that ad in front of them quite a number of times automatically because they know that person is probably ripe for conversion. If your frequency number when you're advertising to a cold audience, so not website visitors, not your email list, not a warm audience, reaches about a 2.5, that's typically when we start to see ad fatigue issues coming in.

Okay, so if you have got a Facebook ad campaign that you believe is stuck, you believe that you used to have great results and it's dropped off and it's just stuck at a certain level and there's nothing you can do to fix that, take a look at your frequency. If your frequency is say 2.8 or higher, you know, well 2.5 or higher, but you know, let's say it's 2.8 for an example, then don't duplicate the campaign and think that's going to fix your issue. Instead, you need to combat ad fatigue and there are many different ways of combating ad fatigue like changing your ad creative, your offer, audiences.

I've got a whole video about combating ad fatigue and overcoming Facebook ad fatigue. I'll include a link to that in the description for this video. So I'd recommend you go through that, that's not really the purpose of this, but you need to be able to distinguish between the two.

Is my Facebook ad campaign stuck because of basically a bit of a technical glitch and just something going on with the optimisation and delivery process or have I got ad fatigue? If you have had what I've described, you had good results, even if it's for a really short period of time, then your Facebook ad campaign drops off and it just gets stuck performing badly and there's seemingly nothing you can do, then it's most likely, and then you come in and check this frequency number here and you're seeing frequencies of like 1.4 or something, for example. Well then, you don't really have ad fatigue.

In that case, it is stuck. I'd recommend duplicating your campaign and seeing if you can basically kickstart the system, just the same way as you turn a computer on and off when it gets stuck and, you know, let's say a programme is just not loading or not closing down or something like that, these things do happen. The other thing I want to mention around that, that you have to be aware of, and this is particularly important right now, is what's going on in the news cycle.

So 2020 has been a crazy year where people have been glued to the news and all sorts of manner of things have been going on from Covid to civil unrest. Now there's the US election coming up. These things have a big impact on Facebook advertising performance.

So if you're trying to assess whether or not your Facebook ad campaign is stuck, the other thing to think about is, okay, is my campaign stuck or have I just got really bad performance right now because there's an increase in costs because the US election is coming up and political parties are spending enormous amounts and basically increasing the demand for Facebook ad space massively. Which is happening by the way right now. If you are advertising in the US and you're seeing increasing costs, particularly increasing CPMs, yeah, there's a lot of money being put in from political campaigns because the US election is what, five, six weeks away, something like that.

So that's something to take into account as well. How long has your campaign been stuck for? If it's something in the news cycle that's affecting things, that's usually like, let's say there's a new you know, Covid outbreak and there's lockdowns, that's usually going to affect things for a relatively limited time only.

If you've had a Facebook ad campaign that's been stuck for three, four weeks and you've been trying lots of things, trying to get performance, that's probably more to do with your campaign. Okay? So if that's been useful, I wanted to talk about, you need to be able to diagnose whether a Facebook ad campaign is stuck, get stuck.

Facebook ad campaigns do get stuck in ruts. They do get stuck in ruts. They just cannot get out of and the way to do it is to pause and then duplicate.

So definitely give that a go if you've seen one of these issues. Okay, a couple of free things I want to mention before you go. The first is a free webinar I've created called Three Killer Facebook Advertising Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue.

In that webinar, I'm breaking down three Facebook advertising sales funnels that we use as a Facebook ads agency for our clients all the time, generated way more than a million dollars with each one of these three sales funnels for our clients. They're very much tried and tested, very much proven. And I explain in this webinar, you know, if you've got this type of business, you probably want to use this funnel.

If you've got this type of business, you probably want to use this funnel. So I think that's a very valuable piece of content to go through. It's completely free.

Link is in the video description below. Go ahead and check that out. It's about 70 minutes long.

I think you'd be very, very glad that you did because at the end of the day, if you use the wrong sales funnel for your business, it's just not going to work. It doesn't matter how good your ads are, how good you need to have the right approach for what it is that you're selling. That webinar will show you how to do that.

The other free thing I want to mention is my Facebook ads mastermind group. So as of the recording this video, we are just, just, just, just under 50,000 members in my Facebook ads group, an amazing community full of excellent Facebook advertisers, people willing to answer questions, help each other out, be involved. I do free live trainings in that group every single week.

If that sounds like something that you want to be a part of, then please go ahead and join. And links in the video description below, completely free to do so. And yeah, we'd love to have you in that it's moderated closely.

So there's no spam or anything like that to, to worry about. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up, smash that like button. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel and click the little bell notification if you haven't done so already.

So you're notified when I publish a new video, which I do multiple times per week. Comment below to let me know if this is useful. Comment below to let me know if you've got any questions and things like that.

I try to get to as many questions as I can and best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns guys. And I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now.