Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook traffic campaigns and the need to adjust your audience size if you are using the traffic objective. You need to do things differently when it comes to audience size and specificity of targeting if using traffic campaigns versus if you're using conversion campaigns. I'm going to cover that in this video before I get into it.

I just want to very quickly ask you to hit that thumbs up button and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay, so I've got a new traffic campaign, an example created. I'm going to jump to the ad set level which is obviously where all the targeting stuff is selected.

I'm going to go ahead and click on edit and then jump down to the audience size. Now I've got videos about ideal audience size and I'll include a link in the video description below to check out about those. In short, I roughly recommend that you have a minimum audience size of about 250,000 people up to roughly 5% of the Facebook and Instagram users in the target location.

So if for example we take the UK which is what has been defaulted to 18 plus we can see there's roughly 50 to 55 million Facebook and Instagram users in the UK. 5% of that is going to be roughly 2.5 million something like that okay which would be the upper end limit if I was advertising to the whole of the UK 250,000 to 2.5 million. Now of course that only applies to national or international businesses or those that are advertising to large geographical areas.

Local businesses often have to advertise to much smaller audiences than that and that's absolutely fine. They're sort of a separate case. However that's my recommendation 250,000 to 2.5 million let's say in the UK that's my recommendation for conversion campaigns.

With traffic campaigns it is absolutely fine and often essential to go quite a bit smaller than that and the reason why is because Facebook isn't able to optimize for exactly what you want. Therefore Facebook can't really distinguish between high quality traffic and low quality traffic, they can with the conversions campaign therefore you need to do more as a Facebook advertiser to ensure you're only advertising to people that are likely to go on to become high quality traffic. Now obviously if we've got a conversions campaign and we're saying to Facebook look I would like you to optimize for purchases if they send a thousand people to your website and they notice that okay 50 convert 200 of them spend a good amount of time on your website and the other 800 just click and leave well Facebook can see all that data right they're optimizing for conversions they can see the actions people take.

So they know that the 800 people that just went and left their examples of low quality traffic okay let's not advertise to more people like them. Obviously if you're using the traffic objective Facebook is not monitoring the actions that people take afterwards so they just go okay we've got your click or even we just got you a landing page view and whether these people go on to convert or they leave Facebook's like we did our job we did what you wanted. So what you need to do instead of having all those thousand click through and allow Facebook to work it out like you would in a conversions campaign you need to make sure you only get the 200 decent prospects to click through in the first place.

So in terms of audience size it is absolutely fine to decrease that. I would still have a lower limit of roughly 50,000 so I still would have a lower limit in place about 50,000 for obviously national international businesses and often it's quite hard to get there but it's more the upper limit that wants to come down. I think you want to get more into the let's say two percent of the target of the population in terms of Facebook and Instagram advertising users.

So instead of in the UK our upper limit being 2.5 million we would want to bring that down to more like a million people something along those lines okay. If we give the US as an example with a conversions campaign the upper limit might be 12.5 million I might be looking to bring that down to say five million something along those lines six million okay. Still nice big audiences but we just see that the smaller audiences because usually obviously with the smaller audiences you have more specificity with what it is exactly that you are targeting that that whilst it may end result in a higher cost per click.

So let's let's give an example right now I'll talk through it so let's say for example we operate we sell shoes okay I'm going to go ahead and add in shoes as an example and we can see that the audience definition on this traffic campaign is absolutely massive okay so that's much larger than we would usually target anyway but if we take a look at something that's more specific than that so let's say shoes is the really broad targeting option okay if we were to put in something like dress shoe as an option dress shoe and then get rid of shoes we can see our target audience size comes down to you know half a million to roughly 700 000 something like in that range now that's much smaller that's much more like what we would want our audience size to be in a traffic campaign in the UK it's also much more specific like if we're selling dress shoes the people who are interested in dress shoes who then click through are more likely to convert because they're actually more interested in what we have to sell. Now what I was just explaining a second ago before I brought up the example was that just going with the shoes option in your campaign and taking out dress shoe this setup is likely to generate more clicks and a lower cost per click which is you may think is what you want with a traffic campaign however if those people then don't go on to convert it's not really what you want this other option with the dress shoe is likely to have a higher cost per click less clicks obviously given the same budget but these people are more likely to convert so it's an adjustment that you need to make depending on your circumstances if you are using traffic campaigns I would be more specific with my detailed targeting options bringing that audience size down having the upper end be more like two percent of the number of facebook instagram users in that country or in those countries as opposed to five percent and you're likely to see better results now I should quickly mention that I would only use traffic campaigns for a business like this if I absolutely had to if for example I couldn't get the facebook pixel installed I couldn't see the data usually I would much rather use conversion campaigns but there are all sorts of scenarios where you just can't right if you're sending people to amazon or or somewhere where you just can't track stuff very well you're an affiliate often you have to use traffic and and and that's okay for those scenarios but this is a very important adjustment to make okay before you go a couple things I want to quickly mention the first is our facebook advertising services so my company lead guru is a specialist facebook and instagram advertising agency we create manage and optimize facebook and instagram ad campaigns for our clients and we can almost certainly help you get better results so if you're interested um in finding out more about how we work you can book a free call with one of my team members there's a link in the video description below we do have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement so please only book a call if you meet that um but yeah you can find out more about us we can find out more about you and hopefully we get a chance to work together other thing I want to mention is youtube channel membership you can now become a member of my youtube channel if you click the little join button beneath this video it'll pop up all the details and members get certain benefits so it's a small monthly fee and for that you get priority replies to comments I'm not able to answer all the comments on my videos there's far too many but I am getting to and prioritizing all comments left by members of my channel which is fantastic and you also get to take part in member only polls around future content like videos I create in the future things like that so if that sounds something you're interested in go ahead and check it out and um if you want to support the channel that way that'd be great thanks a lot guys please give this a thumbs up don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more facebook ads related content just like this and comment below whether you become a member or not pop the comments I see them all and I do try to get as many as I can thanks guys bye for now