The two massive online advertising platforms, Facebook ads versus Google ads, which is best and which should you use for your business? In this video, I'm going to discuss the pros and cons of each and answer that exact question. So if you ever take a look at a graph showing the total online advertising spend and how much Facebook ads and Google ads take of that is enormous.

They have a huge share of the total online advertising pie. And when people talk about advertising online, often they're referring to meta ads, Google ads. Remember that we've got Facebook, Instagram included in meta.

We've got all of Google plus YouTube included within Google ads. So these are really places where people spend an enormous amount of time online covered by these two online advertising platforms. Now, most people know me as the Facebook ads guy, but I actually started my sort of digital advertising journey in Google ads.

And we offer Google ads as a service. And I even have a separate YouTube channel for Google ads specifically where I cover Google ads tutorials, similar to this channel, all about Facebook ads. If you're interested, there'll be a link in the video description.

So I feel like I'm well placed to talk about the pros and cons of each and discuss their merits and where they have weaknesses and which one you want to use, depending on the products and services that you offer. So let's start with Google ads. Now there are many different elements to Google ads.

A lot of people think about it as just search. It's not. There are many other elements, but if we just focus on search for a minute, because that is one of the big differentiating factors between Google ads and Facebook ads, there's no real search option when it comes to advertising on Facebook and Instagram.

And with search, that is a really big deal. It's a much different buyer experience than interruption advertising because people have intent. They're actively searching for the product or services that you offer or something similar.

And this can be massive for certain businesses, particularly if what you offer is quite niche and particularly if what you offer is quite expensive. To have someone actively looking for what you offer has obvious advantages. Now there are also some drawbacks to search.

Now firstly, it's more expensive. You're going to pay more cost per click. It's more expensive to get traffic to your website than it is with other forms of Google advertising or what you would do on Facebook and Instagram.

And that's simply because advertisers see people that have that intent as more valuable, more likely to convert. Therefore, they're willing to pay more. They bid it up the price and you have to compete with them.

So that's an obvious drawback. If you have a nice high average customer value, it's less of a concern. You can manage that.

But for those businesses with small average order values, Google search can be difficult because of that. Also, there might be limited search volume for your keywords. Only a small percentage of your overall target market are actively going to be looking for a new product, a new service to have a problem fixed.

Whereas there may be many other people that you could reach with other forms of advertising that would allow you to scale a campaign a lot greater. Different sources say different numbers. The usual estimate is about 10% of your total target market are actively searching.

And there's the other 90% that you're just not going to reach through Google search. And if you're operating in something that's quite niche, if there's not that many searches on a monthly basis, you might max out your budget at a thousand bucks a month, a couple of thousand bucks a month. You can't scale as you can with other areas of Google or with Facebook and Instagram.

Now you can of course expand to other networks within Google ads like display, which is interruption advertising, just like Facebook and Instagram. But those businesses that do rely on interruption advertising, they're more that way focused, tend to see better results with Facebook and Instagram ads and focus there more. There are, of course, exceptions, but that's just one of the major differences between the two platforms.

YouTube advertising is an interesting case. Now, obviously it falls within the umbrella of Google ads and it kind of operates as a hybrid somewhere between search and sort of display interruption advertising. There are elements of it that are going to function quite similar to Facebook and Instagram ads.

You know, you've got ads within content that's designed to interrupt people away from what they're originally intending to do, which is watch something. That's quite similar. But there are options to advertise on YouTube based on what people are searching for, because people do search in YouTube, not as much as they do sort of within Google search, of course, but a lot more than they do within Facebook and Instagram.

So it's a bit of a hybrid there. And that's something to consider depending on where your business falls on the average order value spectrum, how niche it is, all that sort of stuff. The Google ads platform is certainly more sophisticated.

There's more options, there's more different ways of advertising, and that can make it more complicated for beginners. What you find is that when you run ads on Google, you run ads on search in a very different way to run them on YouTube and a different way to run them on the display network. Whereas if you're trying to learn Facebook and Instagram ads as a beginner, the way you advertise on Facebook is very, very similar to the way you advertise on Instagram, often just ticking a box, right?

So I think that for beginners, they often find Facebook and Instagram ads a lot easier to understand and probably get better results because of that than Google ads. Google ads have recently bought in performance max campaigns to try and address that where you can just set up the one campaign that is then pushed out everywhere. But I do think that if you took the average person who didn't have any experience with Google ads or Facebook ads, and they jumped into both ads managers, both ad accounts, and they take a look at the Google ad account and go, this looks really complicated.

It is. There's more going on. That's fantastic for more advanced advertisers.

For beginners, it's tricky. In my experience, Google ads tends to have better customer support, better advertiser support at this point as well. Now it's by no means perfect.

You can still get your ad account disabled band for no reason and find it really difficult to get it back up and running. But I don't think it's as bad as where meta ads is. And I think that's just because of the maturity of the platform.

Google ads was around quite a bit before Facebook ads. And it has it had those issues. Absolutely.

You can rewind the clock to when I first started advertising on Google, which must be 13, 14 years ago. And it was definitely worse then with those sorts of issues than it is now. It has improved over time.

I very much hope that meta as a company is going to work on this and improve Facebook and Instagram ads in that sense over time as well. We're going to get better support. But I think that is an advantage that Google ads has at this point.

Oh, and by the way, we offer Facebook ads and Google ads as done for you services. You can have one or the other or both. If you're interested, link in the video description to both.

You can go ahead, book a call with all my team members, find out all the information. So let's switch the focus to Facebook ads for a minute. Now, depending on which network within Google ads you are using, Facebook ads is very visual.

It's more visual. It's therefore beneficial for businesses that have something to demonstrate and display. We often find that food companies or apparel brands and things like that are very much Facebook, Instagram advertising focus because the visual element is really, really important to them.

We also find that Facebook ads tends to be a better option for businesses with low average order values because you're going to pay less for traffic on average in comparison to Google ads. If you're just not making that much from each customer, Google ads is tricky. Facebook ads are going to be a better place.

You're going to pay less for traffic, less for exposure on that platform. Now, I don't want you to misunderstand me. If you have a high average order value, high customer value, don't think that Facebook and Instagram advertising isn't the place to be.

You will almost certainly get great results on both because having a really high average customer value is one of the best ways to get good results from any form of online advertising. So you should definitely be testing both platforms, but just if you are on that lower end of things, I would steer you more towards the Facebook and Instagram side of things. Now, the total audience size for both platforms is quite similar.

It's not far off 3 billion users in each case, which is just mind-blowing. Just about everyone that's got regular internet access at this point. So there's not a huge amount of difference there.

But one thing that we do see differences, particularly if you're comparing Google search to what you're able to do with Facebook and Instagram, is that the number of impressions that are available is significantly larger. So there's often more scalability, as I said, particularly when you're comparing to search on the Facebook and Instagram ad platform. So when we see businesses, for example, that have funding that want to go really big, really fast, get massive exposure, they'll often be putting more of their budget into Facebook and Instagram ads than Google.

They'll normally be advertising on both, and we've certainly run ad campaigns for clients in that situation. But there's just more sort of supply to be used up when it comes to ad impressions there. So that might be something to think about.

Facebook also has the big advantage of audience building. So if you take YouTube aside from the rest of what you do on Google, you're not really building an audience as you advertise. Whereas when you advertise on Facebook and Instagram, yes, you're looking to generate lead sales and all those sorts of things.

But you can also be building significant audiences that particularly when you've been advertising for years could be very valuable in their own right. Because you are going to get some organic reach, not just on Instagram, but also on Facebook. And increasingly so there's been some changes around that over the last few years.

And you're going to be able to market to those people that do decide to follow you on Instagram, that do decide to like your page and see your stuff. And that can help your marketing spend go further over time as you reactivate those people and potentially get them to purchase again or actually get them to convert in the first place. So that is, I think, a significant advantage that shouldn't be dismissed when it comes to which platform should I be advertising on.

The side benefit of building an audience as you generate customers is really big. And personally for my business, my following across Facebook and Instagram to a lesser extent, but still, is significant. We generate lots of clients from there organically.

I've got a Facebook group with more than 200,000 members because of some of the advertising I've been doing. We can't really do that with Google. So again, another big difference between the two and one that I don't think people pay enough attention to.

One other thing that I want you to consider when thinking about Facebook ads versus Google ads is following the crowd might not be the best approach. Because when you do that, you're often going to be advertising in a place where the ads are priced appropriately. And you actually want to find scenarios where the ads are priced inappropriately.

So I'll give you an example. Let's say you offer a relatively niche high-end service. Now you might think I'm going to advertise on Google, particularly on search, because that's where the highest quality prospects are going to come through.

And you probably are going to see the highest quality prospects there. But if you were to take that business, high-end service, advertise it on Facebook, yes, you're going to have to do more in terms of lead vetting and filtering out the lower quality leads. But the leads are going to be way, way cheaper.

And the potential for scalability is going to be much larger because if it's a niche high-end service, there's just not going to be that many people searching for it. So you might find that you have a better overall return on ad spend with a business like that using Facebook ads, even though the traditional wisdom would be Google ads. And that leads me onto the main point that I want to get across here.

And that's that any business that is serious about generating customers online should have tested at least advertising on both platforms. There's a very limited downside in doing so. And if you've only been focused on Facebook ads, you've only been focused on Google ads, and you give the other a go, the worst case scenario is that you just waste a little bit of budget, but it's absolutely worth it to find out.

Because you might find that A, the other platform might perform even better, which would be fantastic because you can funnel budget over there and scale, et cetera. You might find that it performs similarly, and then you can run both, and you've got a more diversified customer acquisition setup, which is great because we all know that Facebook ad accounts, Google ad accounts, they can get banned. And if that goes down, how are you going to generate your customers?

It's particularly important for businesses that are a bit larger, have staff, overheads, things like that. You need customers coming in on a regular basis. Having that diversification is a really good idea.

If you test both and find that one performs much better than the other, maybe you just retarget on that second platform. So if Facebook ads is your main thing, Google ads doesn't really work for you, just set up a simple retargeting campaign that just ticks along with a small budget. I would be shocked if that doesn't help improve your overall performance.

If you're just retargeting on say the display network and people who have visited your website, that's almost certainly going to help boost overall performance, particularly if you leave it on a, on a small budget. So given all those reasons, I would definitely give both a go and then adjust your budget and your strategy going forward accordingly. Now you might be thinking, that's great, Ben, but how do I get started?

You need to go and watch these videos on screen right now. They are beginner tutorials for both ad platforms and will cover everything you need to get your ads up and running. Go ahead and check them out.