Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook ads versus Instagram ads and which is best for 2020. Which platform do you want to put most of your efforts into in 2020? Now obviously when I say which is best I'm talking about where you can get the most conversions, where the best cost per conversion is because obviously that's what you guys really care about.

I'd recommend you stick around to the end of this video because I've got a couple of things, a couple of free things I think you're going to find really, really interesting so make sure you stick around to the end for that. But in terms of the two platforms, Facebook ads versus Instagram ads, so I recorded a video with the same topic in 2017 but these social media platforms are changing so fast their user base, the demographics of their user base changes all the time and that obviously means that the value to us as advertisers changes as well. So it's very important to an updated version of that video because my recommendation is going to be quite different from what I said then.

So three or four years ago you would have had the vast majority of Facebook ads experts basically saying when you run a Facebook ad campaign turn off Instagram as a placement option. Just focus on the feeds, it was all about desktop right column ads at the time and that was effectively the focus. The logic behind it was that people on Instagram are a younger demographic, Instagram will give you poor quality traffic, they're not really interested in purchasing, they just want to have a look, it's not that sort of platform etc.

So that's what was talked about in terms of the value of Instagram and it was really seen as Facebook's sort of useless younger brother when it comes to an advertising standpoint. That has definitely changed. So the demographic of Instagram has definitely changed as more and more older people have joined the platform.

You know, I don't know the exact statistics but I'm 100% sure that let's say four years ago Instagram's demographic profile was a lot younger than it is now. There are probably predominantly people in their 20s and a lot of creative types using Instagram. Now there's all sorts.

There's business owners looking to drum up business via Instagram in their sort of 30s, 40s, 50s, even 60s on the platform. And of course those people, the older demographics, people in their 40s, 50s, 60s have a lot more purchasing power. They earn a lot more than younger people on average.

They've spent many more years accumulating money so they're able to afford products and services that are being advertised to them. And their value is much higher than those younger demographics as a result. And we see that reflected in the results when we run ad campaigns across both Facebook and Instagram.

So Instagram has definitely over the last three years been really very quickly catching up with Facebook. Very very quickly catching up with Facebook. And what I mean by that is catching up in terms of a conversion volume standpoint.

So when we run Facebook ad campaigns, we usually see somewhere around a 60-40 split. If we use automatic placements and advertise on both Facebook and Instagram, we usually see a 60-40 split. What I mean by that is you're going to see around about 60% of your conversions come from Facebook, around about 40% from Instagram.

In terms of the cost, they're now going to be virtually identical. So a couple of years ago you may have seen much lower volume from Instagram, perhaps only 15-20%, but the cost was going to be lower because there was less advertiser competition. But the word is out now.

Advertisers know that Instagram is a valuable place to advertise. When they create their Facebook ad campaigns, they normally advertise on Facebook. And on Instagram they're not just purely focusing on Facebook.

So the cost of advertising on Instagram has gone up with the increased competition. So you're going to see conversion costs that are roughly equal between the two platforms. Now with that 60-40 split, it does depend on the industry you're advertising in, the type of products and services that you offer.

So for example, if we're offering anything B2B, we're likely to see a more Facebook-weighted conversion volume metric. So we're going to see perhaps more like 75% Facebook. If on the other hand we're advertising something very B2C, very consumer-y, very visual, anything in the food industry, apparel, things like that, it's normally going to be very Instagram-focused.

So we might see again the opposite. We might see 75% Instagram, something along those lines. So in terms of the volume you're likely to see and the conversion costs, they're roughly equal nowadays.

So you may see a more weighting one way or the other depending on the type of business that you run and the industry you operate in. Okay, so what can you take away from this? Instagram, I think, is likely to overtake Facebook.

Probably not in 2020 though, or at least not significantly. It's probably going to take a few more years. So my recommendation for 2020 and for the immediate future is advertise on both.

Don't ignore either Facebook or Instagram, advertise on both. It's very easy to do when you run your Facebook ad campaigns. You can set up, you know, within Facebook's ads manager, which is where you should be creating your Facebook ad campaigns, you can use automatic placements and Facebook will advertise across all the placement options, both on Facebook and Instagram, which will include Facebook and Instagram stories.

It will include, you know, Facebook and Instagram feeds, desktop right column on Facebook, all the various options. So that's one thing I'd recommend. Or at least if you're going to be more selective with your placements, don't neglect Instagram feeds and don't neglect Instagram stories because they can deliver, you know, large conversion volumes now and at a very reasonable cost.

Okay. Looking at the, and one thing I will mention on that is that you might need to adjust your creative to be able to suit the various Instagram placements. So obviously if you've got videos longer than a minute, you're not going to be able to play them on the Instagram feeds.

If you've got videos longer than 15 seconds, you're not going to be able to play them on Instagram stories. Now, of course, there are times where you need to have videos that are longer than that, because whatever it is you're talking about requires extra time to explain it or demonstrate the product or whatever it is you're looking to do in your ad. But where possible, if it's not going to compromise the quality of the ad and the message you're trying to get across, have some Instagram friendly creative options.

So can you create a 12 second video instead of a 35 second video so it can run on Instagram stories? Can you create a 45 second video as opposed to a one minute 10 video so that it can run on Instagram feed? Okay.

So that's one thing I would strongly recommend. Now, looking at the long term outlook for these two platforms, what do I think is going to happen? And when do I think there are going to be sort of bigger changes?

So I do think that Facebook as a platform at some point is basically going to die. So there's been quite a lot of studies on this. And one of the conclusions that's been drawn is that people do not join social media platforms that their parents are already on.

Okay. So when I first joined Facebook, I was still at school and the vast majority of Facebook users were either at school, they were teenagers or they were, you know, in their early twenties at university or something along those lines. Okay.

So lots of people joined Facebook, their parents weren't on it. They could get up to all sorts, post it on Facebook, their parents didn't see it. And that was absolutely fine.

People don't join social media platforms their parents were already on. The kids today that are turning, let's say, you know, 11, 12, 13 is probably the sort of age that most people get into social media. Their parents are on Facebook and have been for probably over a decade.

They don't want what they're doing to be posted on a platform where their parents can see it. So they're not going to join Facebook. And that's what we see.

So Facebook has, particularly in the more mature Facebook markets, so that, you know, the Western Facebook markets, Europe, North America, et cetera. You don't see teenagers joining Facebook. Now, if you don't have teenagers joining Facebook, the demographic is just going to get older and older and older as time goes on.

And if you don't have those newer people coming in at the lower age ranges, eventually it's going to die. But that's going to take a very, very, very long time. Okay.

Because if people are aging out of the platform, that's obviously a process that's going to take decades. It'll probably be faster than that because social media tends to be faster than just about anything else. But it's likely to be a process that's going to take a long time.

And people of my sort of age range are likely to be kept on Facebook, not fully switch over to platforms like Instagram and stuff like that because of the sort of social group aspect of it. For example, my wife plays netball and all her teams are organized through Facebook as a platform. Because they're organized through that platform, that sort of drags her back.

Even if she wanted to move away from Facebook, she just wanted to focus on Instagram or another platform, it's very hard to do. Because if group things are being organized, which they are for a lot of people through Facebook, a lot of communities, sporting clubs and things like that, it's very difficult to fully move away from it. So I think that at some point Facebook's going to start becoming a lot less valuable to advertisers, but it isn't going to happen for at least a decade in real sense.

It might drop off a bit over the next sort of five years, but I think it's going to be at least a decade before we see a sharp decline. Because remember, if the age demographic increases, let's say in 10 years time, there aren't that many people on their 20s on Facebook, but people on their 30s plus are all on Facebook. Those are still very valuable demographics to be advertising to.

These people have a lot of purchasing power, a lot more so than the younger demographics. So where we see social media platforms like TikTok coming through, there's a lot of teenagers right now on TikTok, very active. But as a platform, it's not very valuable to advertisers because there's not a huge amount of purchasing power among the user base.

But these people can't afford to spend a lot of money on products and services because they're sort of 16, 17. Whereas a 35 year old or a 48 year old on average is going here to spend a lot more and a lot more valuable to advertisers as a result. Instagram seems to have a lot more longevity to me.

There's still a lot of organic reach on Instagram. So a lot of business owners are moving to Instagram because they realise that they can reach people without having to pay for it, which on Facebook has all but disappeared. So as you have more and more people moving to Instagram for the organic reach, I think that's going to give it more longevity.

Now, of course, Facebook or on Instagram could come in and make adjustments to that and they could basically say, you know, get rid of the organic reach or together we're just going to have advertisers as they've done with Facebook. Hopefully they've learned their lesson, but we will see. Then the value of the platform is likely to decrease quite quickly.

But in terms of 2020, for now, absolutely focus on both. Another interesting thing that's happening in 2020 is WhatsApp advertising is going to be launched. They haven't said when or I haven't seen it at least.

But up till now, you've been able to use WhatsApp as a destination when you advertise on Facebook and Instagram. So instead of sending people to, let's say, your website from an ad, you can send people to WhatsApp to start a conversation with them. So that's been available for a while.

But now they're actually introducing WhatsApp as an ad placement. So you can actually have ads that it's probably going to be similar to the way messenger ads work. So you can send ads, you can send a message to someone and that's effectively your ad.

Or you can advertise sort of within a WhatsApp, you know, sort of stream or whatever they call it on WhatsApp. And that's probably how that's going to work. So that's something that might be worth experimenting with.

It's likely to be relatively inexpensive when it's new. So I definitely recommend checking that out. OK, so one of the things, one of the other things that I mentioned at the beginning of the video was that I've got some free stuff for you that I think you'd be interested in.

So two free things for you first. First is my Facebook ads mastermind group. So this is a free Facebook advertising group where we talk about Facebook and Instagram advertising and sure, WhatsApp advertising when it comes, becomes available, comes online.

And there's over, there's just under 14,000 members in there right now. Fantastic community full of people looking to get better results of Facebook advertising. They post questions, they get answers.

And there's lots of experts and agency owners in there like, like me, who are more than willing to help out and provide advice. So I strongly, strongly recommend you join that if you want better results with your Facebook advertising. There will be a link in the video description.

Second free thing is my free five part Facebook ad template. So this Facebook ad template contains some of the best performing ads that I've created for my clients. You can model from those ads.

You can sort of take a look at, you know, the copy, the headlines, the images we've used. I've sort of broken it down, explained, you know, we use this headline because of da da da. And we've used this copy because of da da da da.

So you can really go through a model from those ads, should really help you with your ad performance. Completely free to download. And again, there'll be a link in the video description.

And then finally, if you are looking to advertise on Facebook or Instagram, or you are advertising on Facebook and Instagram, and you're looking to get better results, well, my company Lead Guru is a Facebook advertising agency, and we can run those campaigns for you. Okay? So if you're looking for better results with that platform and you're spending at least $3,000 a month, I'd love to have a conversation with you where we can discuss how our services work, how we might be able to help you get better results.

Again, there'll be a link in the video description that'll take you through to my website, and you'll be able to apply for a free strategy session with me there. So free 30 minutes to basically, as I said, discuss our services, discuss your business, I can get a really good understanding of what you do. And then we can obviously talk about how we might be able to help you get better results.

Okay, if that's been useful, if that video's been helpful, please subscribe to the channel for more Facebook and Instagram advertising related content. Please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to comment below. Thanks a lot guys.

Bye bye.