Now I've talked before on my YouTube channel about the optimization for ad delivery section and how important it is, how it determines how your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns are optimized by Facebook's machine learning process, a really, really important process. Now some of you may have noticed that the optimization for ad delivery section has disappeared. Fortunately, Facebook have replaced it with something else.

So I'm going to show you what the new replacement is and how it works and how there's a little bit of a change to the setup and what you need to do about it. So I'm in an example Facebook ad account here. I've just created a quick example sales campaign.

I'm going to jump to the ad set level. Then I'm going to go ahead and select edit. And then I'm going to scroll down to the bottom of the ad set level.

And beneath this placement section, you used to see the optimization for ad delivery. And for those of you that can't remember or aren't aware, the optimization for ad delivery section is where you would tell Facebook what to optimize for. So do you want to optimize for conversions or link clicks or landing page views or daily unique reach?

And it made a big, big difference to how your campaign works, but it's simply not there. Instead, what Facebook have done is they've stuck it up near the top, which I think is a good thing. It shows that it's more important than being stuck down at the bottom.

And they've changed the name of it to performance goal. And you can see that because this is a very new change, Meta is providing information around what the performance goal actually means. And I do think that they have worded the performance goal in a much more user-friendly way.

I think Facebook advertising beginners are going to be caught out by this less often. Okay. So the default here is maximize number of conversions because we've created a sales campaign.

And that's great. That's absolutely what you want to be going for with a sales campaign. And it shows what this campaign is designed to do.

It's designed to maximize the number of conversions. That's what Facebook is going to try and get you. So when your campaign runs, they're going to put you on the placement options that get you the best results conversion-wise and run your ads at the time of day that gets the most conversions to the right people that get your most conversions.

All those various elements that make a big difference. Now, of course, as before, you can go and select other goals and you can opt for things like maximize number of landing page views, maximize number of link clicks, maximize number of daily unique reach, maximize number of impressions. Now, I've talked before that if you, for example, select maximize number of link clicks, even though you've got a sales campaign, this campaign is going to perform exactly as a traffic campaign would if it is optimizing for the maximum number of link clicks.

It's this setting here, the performance goal, not your campaign objective that really determines how your campaign is optimized. And by the way, guys, do not underestimate the difference that Facebook's machine learning and optimization process can make. The difference between optimizing for the maximum number of link clicks and optimizing for the maximum number of conversions on average is 74% more conversions with the same ad spend.

If you go with maximize number of conversions, that is a very non-trivial amount. That is a huge difference. That is going to be the difference between profitable and non-profitable Facebook ad campaigns, campaigns that can scale and those that can't.

It really is a very big deal. So if you're wondering where on earth optimization for ad delivery has gotten to, it's gone up here, performance goal. And I would strongly recommend that if you're using a conversion based campaign objective, sales leads, etc, you go for maximize number of conversions.

Very, very important. And just don't ignore this setting. It looks kind of small in there.

They've got a big pop up about it right now, but that will disappear. We know that will disappear. But it's very, very important.

Now, Facebook or Meta, as we should say, are making tons of changes to the ad platform right now. So if you are running Facebook Instagram ad campaigns or you want to in the future, make sure you subscribe to my channel. I'll keep you updated on all these changes.

Some of them are relatively trivial, re-nailing of things, repositioning of things like this one. Some of them are a lot more substantial and you need to be aware of this stuff. You may need to make adjustments pretty fast to your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns to avoid drop-offs.

So make sure you subscribe, click that bell notification and keep an eye out for my content when it gets through. And speaking of changes, one of the areas of Facebook and Instagram advertising that has changed massively recently is lookalike audiences. We're now using very different lookalike audience strategies.

They're still very effective, but you do need to change the way you use them nowadays. I strongly recommend you go ahead and check out this video where I detail the strategies, how they're created, all the information you need about lookalike audiences. Well worth checking out.