Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about the difference between Facebook advertising cost and Instagram advertising cost. Now whenever you're going to be assessing cost and using that to make decisions of which platform you're going to advertise on more, you need to first determine what you're actually going to be measuring because there's different ways to measure cost. Now you could measure cost per click, which is probably quite a traditional way.

You could measure CPA, cost per action, so how much does it cost you to generate a purchase or to generate a lead or get someone to take action. Or you could measure CPM, cost per thousand impressions. Now I tend to think of cost in terms of CPM.

I want to know how much it costs me to get my ad in front of someone on a particular platform. Because I know that obviously the quality of the advertising and things like that is going to determine a lot of those other things like cost per click, CPA and all that sort of stuff. Now when you're comparing Facebook ads to Instagram ads, the landscape is definitely shifting.

So three or four years ago Instagram was less expensive across the board and that's because there was less advertiser competition. There's more advertiser competition on Instagram now because its effectiveness is increasing and the word is basically getting out. But what we still see now is that in terms of CPMs, so cost per thousand impressions, Instagram is a little bit cheaper.

Now it does depend on exactly who you're targeting. Different demographics are going to be more expensive on Instagram, different demographics can be more expensive on Facebook. But for the most part we see lower CPMs on Instagram, so it costs you less to get a thousand views on your ad on Instagram than it does on Facebook.

But with that said, cost per click and cost per conversion seem very much equal across the platforms in most of our ad accounts nowadays. And that's simply because it's very easy when you create a Facebook ad campaign to advertise on Instagram at the same time. In fact if you use automatic placements, you will be advertising on Instagram without even realising it.

If you don't actively deselect Instagram as a placement option, you're going to advertise on on both platforms. So Instagram might cost a little bit less to get views on your ad, but you might end up paying the same amount in terms of sending people to your website or getting them to convert. And that's because Facebook traffic tends to be slightly better quality.

So it might cost you slightly more to put an ad in front of someone, but let's say you see a 20% improvement in your conversion rate, something along those lines, which is why the cost comes at equal. My recommendation if you're trying to work out which platform to advertise on is to use both. Advertise on both Facebook and on Instagram and then after a week, five days, something like that, take a look at the data and see which platform delivers the best results.

You can have a look within Facebook's ads manager under breakdown and then in breakdown go and select platform and it will show you exactly the results you're getting on Facebook, exactly the results you're getting on Instagram and you can very easily adjust your campaigns and deselect the platform that's not delivering the best results or that's costing you too much. So hopefully that video has been useful. If it has, please subscribe to this channel.

I really appreciate that. Give it a thumbs up and comment below to let me know. I love it when people comment to say the video is useful.

It shows me that I'm doing the right thing. Thanks a lot guys. Bye.

Bye, bye