Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about Facebook ads for coaches and consultants. And specifically, how can you use Facebook advertising as a coach or a consultant to find new clients? Because if you use the same strategies that e-commerce businesses use or local businesses use, it's just not going to work.

So if you're a coach or consultant, you've been trying to advertise on Facebook and it hasn't been working, it's probably because you've been using those more traditional methods of Facebook advertising and you need a completely different approach. Now obviously I'm a Facebook advertising coach and consultant. Yes, we have done for you Facebook advertising services, but a lot of our business comes from the coaching and consulting that I do.

So this is a process that I've used in my own business. It works incredibly well. And yeah, let's get into it.

So before I sort of go through the steps and the strategy, the first thing you need to think about whenever you're doing any form of marketing, and Facebook advertising included, is what's the mindset of your prospects? What do you need to convince them of before they're ready to work with you, buy your products, buy your services? Now if you're a coach or consultant, the absolute number one thing that your prospects want to know is that you are an undeniable industry expert.

You absolutely know what you're doing. You have the expertise that's going to help them get the results that they really want. That's what people really care about before they hire a coach or consultant.

They want to know that they're an absolute subject matter expert. The price, you know, I hire coaches and consultants for other areas of my business. I hope you do as well.

The price is far less important to me than knowing that, yeah, this person really knows what they're talking about. They really can help me get the results that I want. I'm going to go ahead and hire them.

So you need to convince your prospects that you're an absolute subject matter expert. And you can do that with Facebook advertising. It's not quick.

It doesn't happen overnight. But it's absolutely possible. So the way that I approach that, the way that I found works really well is to consistently advertise high quality pieces of content to the same group of people over a long time period.

Now, that doesn't sound very interesting, very sexy, but it is very effective. It's not going to make you a millionaire overnight, but it does work. As I said, this is what I've used in my own business.

So let's just have a quick look at an example campaign. I'll show you get into a bit more detail around the steps. So here we've got an example campaign.

Now, when you're looking to create your Facebook ad campaign as a coach or a consultant, the first thing that you need to decide is who you're going to advertise to. If you operate on a local basis, that's probably quite straightforward. It's probably just people within your local area that are maybe your demographic, male, female, age, that sort of stuff.

If you operate on a much wider basis, nationally or internationally, then find a group of people that you know are highly likely to be interested in your niche and involved in it. And just pick that and stick with it. If you're wondering, you know, how do I find the interest, demographic, behaviour targeting options to use?

Check out a video. There'll be a link in the video description that shows you how to use Facebook's audience insights to find great options. I've created a video all about that.

So check that out if you're lost about this process. Now, what I started off doing was using people that were interested in Facebook Ads Manager. That was a targeting options I started using.

This is probably four years ago. Because my prospects are people that are advertising on Facebook and they want to get better results. They've actually removed that targeting option now.

But you'll be able to find equivalents for your own business. What I use now primarily is people on my email list and people who visit my website. Obviously, I appreciate that not everyone has that luxury, which is why I mentioned check out the Facebook audience insight video to get started with.

So that's the first part. You're going to decide who you're going to be advertising to. The second part is your campaign objective.

So go ahead, I think, and use engagement. You could use video views, depending on your creative, things like that. But what I want is I want people to engage with my content.

Because if I'm going to demonstrate my expertise, I want them to see multiple pieces of content over a long time period. And I want them to engage with it. I want them to like it.

I want them to comment on it. I want them to be involved in the process. So use the engagement objective to find who you're going to advertise to.

So then we've got the ads themselves. Now, you can see that within this ad set, there are 48 different ads. Only three are live.

And that sort of demonstrates what we're doing here. We've got one group of people. I create a new video every week or every two weeks.

It obviously gets published on YouTube and all our various other places. It also gets added. Well, some of them, not all now.

But some of them get added into this ad set. And we're consistently advertising it to people, in our case, that are on our email list or have visited our website. That's the audience we've chose to consistently advertise pieces of content to.

And you can see that a lot of these pieces of content are face-to-camera videos. We've also got some blog posts in there and things like that. But if you're a coach or a consultant, that's what I'd really recommend.

Create face-to-camera videos where you deliver a lot of value and end with a call to action. So if you're wondering how to create Facebook video ads, how to create great face-to-camera Facebook video ads, there'll be a link in the video description to another video I created that shows you exactly how to do that. Breaks down my video creation process.

So check that out. But what I'm going to quickly do is show you one of these as an example because I think it'd be valuable to go through in this video. Because that's the question that I get when I speak to coach and consultant and say, look, this is what you've got to do.

You've got to advertise lots of pieces of content. You've got to deliver value. You've got to do it over a long time period and people will become clients.

The next question is, what sort of videos? So let's have a quick look at an example. So this video is all about the Facebook ads learning phase.

So you've got to think of what questions, what confusion is there from your target market around your particular niche. So there's probably things that people are wondering that you can help clarify for them. That's how you deliver value.

That's how you demonstrate expertise. So my target market, they'll see the Facebook ads learning phase pop up in their Facebook ad account. They'll be wondering, what is that?

What should I do with it? Et cetera, et cetera. That's what my video answers.

So let's quickly listen. Let me make sure the volume's turned up. And let's quickly watch a bit of this.

Hi, guys. It's Ben Heath from Lead Guru. And this is going to be a quick video about the Facebook ads learning phase.

That's an important Facebook advertising feature, but not one that many people know a lot about. So when you first launch a Facebook ad, the ad set that that ad is in will start the learning phase. And during the learning phase, Facebook is basically trying to work it out for you.

They're going to serve your ad to different people within your target audience to work out who is most likely to take your desired action. So let's say, for example, you've created a Facebook ad campaign and used the traffic objective. Then Facebook is going to try and work out who within your target audience is most likely to click on your ad and come through to your landing page.

And because the learning phase is an experimental process, the results that you get during it are likely to be quite a bit worse than the results that you will get once Facebook has had a bit of time to optimize your campaigns. So it's important that you don't judge the results you get from your campaigns too early. So you can see there I've explained what the learning phase is.

And now I'm going into this is what the learning phase is. And whilst your campaigns are in the learning phase, you don't and do want to be doing X, Y, and Z. Don't judge them during the learning phase.

Wait until that is completed. It's also important that you don't make any significant adjustments to your ad, your ad set, or even the campaign during the learning phase. Because that will restart the learning phase.

You'll have to go through the process all over again and it will confuse Facebook's targeting algorithms. So I know it could be tempting, but it's best to just leave your campaigns alone. Leave your ads alone once you've launched them.

Come back to them in a few days' time and then start to make some assessments. Don't make any adjustments too early. Now, just before you go, there's something I want to tell you.

Before I get into that section of the call to action, which is very important, I just want to give you an idea there of that's the value chunk. So that was only a minute and 18 seconds long. But you can see exactly the sort of thing I'm doing there.

Delivering value. There will be equivalence in your industry. I'm delivering value and demonstrating expertise, which we know is very important.

And you can see this is why I've used the engagement objective. Because look, we've got 188 reactions, four shares. So I want people to engage on that basis.

This is my warm audience. I want them to be loyal to me and understand that I'm the expert so that they're then ready to hire me. Now, just delivering value isn't enough.

So we've delivered the value in this video, but you also want to end with a call to action, as I already mentioned. So let's quickly watch that and I'll explain a little bit about that in a second. I'll tell you about that I think you'll find very, very interesting.

And that's my five-part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free. So in this template, I've included some of the best performing ads that I've created for my clients in a number of different industries. I've explained what I've included in each ad and why.

And if you're looking to get better results from Facebook, then I think you'll find this very, very useful. As I said, you can download it right now for free. All you need to do is click on the link in the video description.

That'll take you to a Patreon website and you can download it there. Best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns, guys. Bye for now.

Okay. So you can see that that call to action there was all about my five-part Facebook ad template, which is a lead magnet that's designed to build my email list. So when people click on the link in the video description, they go through to my website.

They download the five-part Facebook ad template. They need to join my email list to do so. Now, what that enables me to do is, yes, obviously I'm advertising my latest videos to people, to my audience on Facebook.

But I'm also emailing out to them. And that's great. Why not have multiple channels to reach people and things like that can really help improve your performance.

And also from my email list, when I email out those pieces of content, I can put in PSs like, PS, we've got one extra space for a new client this week. Or our prices start from X, who's interested? And that helps me get clients a bit more directly.

So it's important to include a call to action in the end of your videos. You don't necessarily need a lead magnet. It could be directly for your services if you wanted to go that route.

But don't just deliver the value. Also tell people what to do next. Okay.

Let me close that down. Now, each piece of content needs to link to a place for people to go. As I mentioned, the call to action.

That could be straight to your services, et cetera, et cetera. If it's going through to a lead magnet page like mine is, just make sure that's on your website that's got information about your consulting services, your coaching services. So people can go on to find out more.

Because people will do that. I hear that all the time from the prospects that I speak to now. Is that, oh, I saw your video on X.

I went through to your website. I checked out your services. And I booked a call with you.

That's the standard process that I hear people go through. So make sure that that option is available. And I recently did some analysis on my coaching and consulting clients.

And I worked out that, on average, the people are on my email list. They're being shown these ads on Facebook for around about nine months before they then go on and work with me. So some people obviously take less time than that.

They might do it a couple of weeks after they've seen a video or two. Some people, it could be up to three, four years. A lot of that is obviously about I've delivered so much value.

I've demonstrated so much expertise. They have no doubt that I'm an industry expert. Also, a lot of that is it just becomes the right time for that group of people.

That's why you want to keep marketing to them on a consistent basis. You know, maybe they weren't ready three years ago. They couldn't afford my fees, but now they can.

That sort of thing. So stick at this process. It does work well, provided you're willing to keep going.

And, you know, you don't need videos like that one there with the fancy background that I did whilst I was on holiday. They can be with a white wall behind you like I've got right now. I've got lots of videos sat on my desk.

They don't need to be very complicated or high production value. You just need to get in front of the camera. As I said, if you're lost on creating Facebook video ads, check out the link in the video description.

That should help you on that. And the bad news about this approach, about this setup, is that it does take time. As I said, you might not see much for the first three months.

After six months, after a year, it'll perform better. After two years, it'll perform even better. On and on and on.

That's the downside. It's not quick. It does require a lot of effort to create this content.

But the upside is that once you've got this in place, once you're established, it becomes very consistent and very reliable. So I have absolutely no fears about where my next client is going to come from. I don't have to worry about, oh, we can't hire that staff member because we might not be able to pay for them in three months, six months time.

Because this process just operates on autopilot. Yes, I need to create the content. But otherwise, it's consistently being put in front of people.

One of my guys just goes in and adjusts this campaign, creates the new ad. Very, very straightforward and simple. It's always targeting the same people.

None of the settings change. And it's good to go. And I've got an audience built up now.

I've got an audience that understands my expertise so that if I, you know, one month we have a bit of extra capacity, I can email out to my list. I can put up a new ad and convert those people into clients very, very easily. So hopefully you will give this a go.

You will really try. The content has to be high quality. Not necessarily in terms of production value, but in terms of the information that you're providing.

You have to stick at this. It can't be done quickly and judged after a month. It's way too short a time period.

In two or three years time, I promise you, you will really, really thank me that you did. And you'll feel very secure and stable in your client acquisition process, which is a big deal for most coaches and consultants. So if you found this video useful, please give it a thumbs up.

You've got questions about any of this, want to dig into details, pop a comment below. I will get around and answer that. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content.

And of course, if you want to download my five part Facebook ad template, it is free. It does contain a bunch of fantastic Facebook ads we've created. You can model from them, improve your performance.

You should find that really, really useful. Okay, guys. See you soon.

Bye.