The big question that all Facebook advertisers will ask themselves at some point is should I advertise on Facebook or should I advertise on Instagram? Which is better? Where will I get the better results?

That's what I want to talk about in this video. Now we've gone on a real journey with the two main platforms that make up Facebook advertising or what's soon going to be referred to as meta advertising and the value of the platforms to advertisers has changed enormously. Obviously when it first started you're just advertising on Facebook.

Then we were able to advertise on Instagram and in the early days of being able to advertise on Instagram through Facebook obviously the quality wasn't great. Lower quality clicks, lower quality traffic. It was cheap to advertise on but people didn't convert as much so most serious Facebook advertisers steered clear of it.

Then as the years went on and on and on Instagram became more and more and more valuable. We'd start checking things and seeing okay more of our sales, more of our conversions are coming from Instagram when we're using things like automatic placements. That's really interesting.

Let's keep this going. Let's keep this going. And now for the first time over the last 12 months or so but the data is very conclusive now.

Instagram is now the more expensive platform to advertise on. It costs you more to reach a thousand people on Instagram than it does on Facebook. Now this is absolutely fascinating.

I think it's probably got young user bias. I think a lot of the people I can look at my data and know that Facebook advertisers are primarily younger business owners, younger marketers. Not exclusively of course but primarily people in say their 20s maybe early 30s.

It would be the average. Those people personally outside of their business interests personally will use Instagram more than Facebook. We know this.

Okay. And I think that's why they want to be more Instagram focused. That's where they want to build their brand.

That's what they understand more and that's potentially where they spend more of their budget. However, we know that demographically Facebook has much more activity from older generations. People in their 40s, 50s, 60s are far more likely to be on Facebook and far more active on Facebook than they are on Instagram.

Over recent times, I don't want to sort of put a time limit on it, but people have, marketers in the digital marketing space, have emphasised wanting to reach the younger generations as the more important thing to do. And perhaps if you're building a brand that you want to succeed over the next 30 years, that is important because you want those people to be a follower of your brand through that time period in their lives. But they're forgetting that the people with money are very often people who are older, who have been in the workplace much longer, who earn more, who have saved, who etc, etc.

Therefore, when it comes to the value of an individual that you want to reach as an advertiser, the average 55-year-old is worth more than the average 20-year-old. A lot of marketers forget that. Why?

Because the average 55-year-old has a lot more disposable income than the average 20-year-old. Definitely than, say, the average 25-year-old, 30-year-old that maybe, you know, have more financial responsibilities. Easy to forget that.

Now, that's why, in conjunction with Instagram being more expensive, not necessarily because of the results generated, but because of what I talked about, the the advertiser age bias, the best place to convert conclusively right now is Facebook across the board. Now, this will vary between industries, between businesses. If you're in apparel or the food-related industry that's super visual, very easy to understand, okay, Instagram may well be the better option for your business.

But on average, we see that Facebook's converting better and that, in particular, the Facebook feed is the monster placement option. Advertising on the Facebook feed, which we know is almost exclusively mobile at this point, yeah, there's a bit of desktop, but very heavily mobile, is the best place where you're going to get conversions and the lowest cost per conversion, which is the most important metric for the majority of advertisers. So, I think that as time has gone on, people, advertisers have favoured Instagram, Instagram more and more and more, to, at this point, potentially its own detriment.

So, what would be my recommendation? My recommendation is at least to experiment with running automatic placements, because this will vary a lot between businesses, and you want to run automatic placements to establish which one is better for you, Facebook or Instagram. Then you may choose to just go with the one.

If you get somewhat similar results across the two, then I'd recommend keeping both, and for the majority of the businesses we work with, we will be advertising across both. And when I say analyse the results, I'm not talking about volume, I'm talking about cost. So, it's your cost per conversion is the metric.

If you're getting 80% on Facebook, 20% on Instagram, but your cost per conversion on the two is the same, that's absolutely fine. You can leave that running, that's not a problem. But if you're seeing a much higher cost on one or the other, you can choose to ignore that.

Just remember that for a lot of businesses, the more valuable audience is on Facebook. Instagram is now also more expensive on a per reaching a thousand people basis. And basically, if you're watching this video, and you're in your twenties, or you personally use Instagram a lot more than use Facebook, don't forget that that's not true for everyone else.

Very, very easy to do. A very easy mistake to make, and that's part of the reason why Instagram has become slightly too expensive in comparison to Facebook. Most of us want to advertise on both, that's what I'd recommend.

But if you're going to lean one way or the other, at this point, Facebook is likely to get you the better results. Hopefully, that's useful. Before you go, something I want to very quickly mention for you to potentially get your teeth into more around the technical detail side of things is a free webinar I've created called Three Killer Facebook Ad Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue.

There is a link in the video description below. It is completely free to watch. And it shows you exactly step by step how to create a sales funnel that is appropriate for your products and services, because they need to vary, right, depending on what you offer.

Show you exactly how to do that in the webinar. Strongly okay to check it out. It's completely free.

Link is in the video description below. Thanks for watching, guys. Please remember to hit that thumbs up button.

Comment below if you've got questions, feedback, all useful. And I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now.