Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to advertise on Facebook to the friends of the people that like your Facebook page. So we're not looking to advertise to the people that like your Facebook page, but we're looking to advertise to their friends with this video. And that could be a fantastic targeting option for a number of businesses, particularly ones that have a social element, ones where you're more likely to use the product or service because your friends are using it.

So a lot of apps, obviously anything social media related, a lot of games. These businesses are ones that you're more likely to use whatever it is they offer if you know that your friends are also using it as well. Also, when you do advertise to the friends of people that like your page, when the ad pops up in their newsfeed, it will show that their friend likes your page.

So when they see an ad and they're scrolling through, it'll say John Smith, or whatever the name of their friend is, likes your company name, your company page. And that acts like a mini endorsement and can really help boost results. So it's something that I recommend testing, particularly for businesses that have a social element or ones that you know your customers are more likely to want to buy your products or services if they know that their friends are using it as well.

Okay, so to set this up, it's really, really simple. What I've done is I've just created an example campaign to show you how to do it. So I'm going to go ahead and jump into this example campaign, which is in draft mode at the moment.

Go to the ad set level because that's where we're going to set who we target. And like all targeting options, this is exactly where you find the friends of people that like your page. So right now, I'm into the ad set level.

You can see just quickly my potential reach is 2.1 billion. And that's because that's how many people are currently on Facebook. And I've got worldwide selected 18 plus.

Well, that's the amount of people currently on Facebook that are 18 plus is even more than that. Where I want to select the friends of the people that like my page is down in connections. So if you select connections here, you can target people that like your page.

I've created another video on that and when you might want to use it. So check that out. And for the purpose of this video, you can target friends of people who like your page.

Just out of interest, there's a number of options here, app-based, things like that. But for this, we're going to keep it simple and go with friends of people who like your page. Then you just need to add in your page name here, which I'm doing.

Okay, so I've got, this is very strange. I've got roughly 80,000 Facebook page likes on my page. We've got fewer than 1,000 friends who like your page.

That just tells me that this hasn't really worked. Because worldwide, we've got about 80,000 page likes. In fact, just to show you that, if I was to change that now, you can see that there we go.

Potential reach 72,000. So we're going to go with the friends of these people. This will, in effect, be a lot larger.

Hopefully, when you do it, you'll be able to see an audience definition. Don't worry, this audience will actually be quite large. Because if you think about how many page likes you've got, and then think of how many friends each one of those has, that can easily be quite a large number, even if your number of page likes is relatively small.

Then, you just need to obviously set all your other sort of targeting options and things like that. Go ahead and click publish, and you're good to run that campaign. As I said, businesses with a social element, give this a go.

It can work really, really well. Right, before you go, something I want to tell you about. That's my five-part Facebook ad template.

It's a document that's got a bunch of different Facebook ads that have performed really well in it. You can model from those and help improve your Facebook ad performance if you would like. You can download this thing for free.

All you've got to do, click on the link in the video description, and you can download it from my website. Hopefully you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the channel.

Got any questions, pop in the comments below, and I'll be sure to get to them. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.