If you want to generate leads using Facebook ads and Instagram ads, then you have to watch this whole video. Because over the past few months, Meta has released a ton of updates and new features that help us advertisers generate more leads and improve lead quality. In this video, I'm going to quickly run through them all and let you know which ones you should be using.

This video is sponsored by HubSpot. More about them later. So there are a ton of really exciting updates to run through in this video.

I'm going to go through them and let you know which ones are good, which ones aren't so good. Also let you know which ones are big needle movers you want to jump on right away. With that said, let's go ahead and dive into it.

So I'm in an example Meta ad account here. I've just created an example leads campaign to be able to demonstrate this stuff and I've jumped to the ad set level because the first one I want to talk about is the ability to optimize for either a website lead or an instant form lead within the same ad set. See this option right here at the top.

So one of the biggest debates that meta advertisers who are looking to generate leads have had is should you send people to your website? Should you instead use instant forms, keep people on Facebook and Instagram, present them with a form? The instant forms was cheaper, more lead volume, but higher quality through your website.

Well, now potentially you don't need to make that decision. You can just say to Meta, go with either. And Meta knows that some users are far more likely to convert via website.

Some users are far more likely to use instant forms. And this is likely, particularly as this feature becomes more mature, Meta has more data and better able to optimize, likely to produce a best of both worlds situation for a lot of advertisers. So a really simple switch to make, definitely something to test.

If you've had that debate, which one should I use to just go ahead and switch over your conversion location and give it a go. The next update is SMS verification. And this one is a really big deal, particularly if you've struggled with lead quality when using instant forms.

So I've just gone to the ad level, gone into the creator form section so that I can demonstrate this for you. And we've got the form types you're probably familiar with, more volume, higher intent, rich, creative. Underneath higher intent here, we've got, look, require leads to verify their phone number with a one-time passcode.

And what this means is that for a prospect, for someone to become a lead to actually submit their information via the form, they need to get a code that is sent to them via SMS, enter in that code. You can see in the preview of the right-hand side what that will look like, much in the same way that you probably experience when you're buying something online, you have to be sent a code to verify it and all that sort of stuff. So a similar process usually be quite familiar with that.

But this is a couple of things. Firstly, it massively weeds out the people with low intent, because if people aren't that interested, they're just not going to take this step. Secondly, it forces people to use their real phone number, because sometimes people will fill out forms and they'll become leads, but they don't really want a phone call.

They just want to be emailed some stuff, which we both know makes it more difficult for you then to get in touch with them and actually convert those people. So they might give a phone number that's not actually theirs just to be able to go through the process and fill it out. This is going to stop that.

This is going to mean that people have to use their actual phone number because they actually need to receive the code via SMS to then be able to enter it and submit their lead. Will really help if you find that you're getting a lot of bots coming through and filling out leads. It just feels like a waste of budget and nothing you can do with those.

Again, far less likely to be capable of doing that if they need to receive SMS verification. So you should be aware that if you go ahead and do this and turn this on, it is likely to significantly drive up lead cost, significantly reduce lead volume, because I said you're really filtering for the people that have much higher intent, but that might be worth it. That might be exactly what your business is looking for.

You're thinking, I don't need anywhere near as much lead volume as I want, but I have to have the lead volume really high at the moment because only a small percentage of these are higher quality. It's wasting a lot of my sales team's time. It'd be so much better if I could just get rid of all the people that aren't that interested, only work with the best ones.

Well, this is a way to move towards that. So if you are in that situation, definitely give this a go. It could be a really big needle mover for you.

To help you get the most out of your Facebook ads, HubSpot, who I'm partnering with on this video, have created a fantastic free resource called the Facebook Advertising Checklist. There is a link in the video description below where you can download it right now. You can use this checklist to make sure you're spending effectively and following best practices to maximize ROI.

This checklist gives you an actual process for launching Facebook ads, including hacks from HubSpot's paid ads team. My favorite part is that it covers all the key aspects of Facebook advertising, including planning, budgeting, designing, copywriting, scheduling, monitoring, and analyzing. I strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook advertising.

Check the link in the description below. And thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video. The third update is another feature that is relevant to Instant Forms, applies to Instant Forms, and that's the ability to turn off autofill.

The way Instant Forms typically work is that when a user clicks on an ad, the advertiser will be asking for some form of contact information. That information, if associated with the user's account, will just be autofilled in there. So what a lot of people do is click on an ad, go to Instant Form, basically might not even need to enter in anything manually, just click submit.

And that can lead to low lead quality because often people will do that, they don't really remember, it didn't take them more than half a second. And then when the business tries to reach out to those people to convert those leads, they sort of say, what, I don't even remember doing that. And that can lead to issues.

It can also create issues because if Meta is autofilling, let's say, email addresses and phone numbers that people use when they, that are associated with their accounts, their Facebook account, their Instagram profile, they might be very old in terms of contact information. They might be stuff that people aren't using much anymore, might very much be an old email address if their account was set up, you know, 15 plus years ago. And I think a lot of users fall into that category.

Well, if you turn off autofill, you are therefore forcing people to manually enter in their contact information, far more likely that it's going to be up to date. So another thing that's instant form specific, that's designed to help you improve lead quality. So not as drastic as requiring SMS verification, but can improve lead quality might be something you want to experiment with.

Update number four is flexible form delivery. So if I scroll down on this first page within the instant form creation window, we've got this section down here, flexible form delivery. And you can see underneath here, it says allow Meta to adjust or remove form elements based on what people are most likely to respond to.

And if you tick optimize, then that's what Meta is going to go ahead and do and try and get you the best results possible. And this is another one of those things where we had to sort of try and work this out as Meta advertisers before. Okay, should I include a greeting and a welcome and try and make my form longer?

Should I ask extra things? Or should I keep it really short? My advice has typically been to keep things short.

I still think that's probably the better way to go. Why have unnecessary things and create unnecessary friction in the process? You'd be better off using some of these other stuff we talked about, like turning off portofill, SMS verification, if you really want to improve your lead quality than just making the form longer.

But this again, is kind of one of those things that allows us to potentially benefit from the best of both worlds, because some people might respond better to there being more information, asking more and putting a bit of friction in that process, whereas others definitely won't. And what a lot of these new tools and what the AI features are allowing Meta to do is instead of just trying to work out what's the best thing for the average person, which is kind of what markets have had to do since forever. It's like, okay, this is our target market.

We're trying to work out the best option that applies to the most people. Wouldn't it be so much better to go with the best option for 10% of the audience only, but they get the best option for them, whereas the other, the rest of the audience get the better option for them? That way, you're likely to get better results from both segments or all 19 segments of your target market, depending on how many ways you can slice and dice it.

And this is one of those ways to do it. Some people get more information and required to be asked more stuff, questions in the instant form. Other people, it's nice and nice and short.

So this is defaulted to be on for most advertisers. I think that makes total sense. I'm quite happy to trust Meta with this.

There might be certain scenarios where that doesn't work for your business. You really need specific things. You need to say specific things, maybe legal disclaimers, or you need to absolutely make sure that you have certain information asked for.

Again, depending if you're working in like a heavy regulated industry, for example, then you might need to go ahead and select manual. So you can choose to not use this. But I think for most advertisers, this is a good one.

Number five is email delivery for your leads. So instead of having to go through to Meta's lead center or integrating your CRM and having to go into your CRM to see which leads have been generated and all the various data associated with them, you can choose to be emailed the data on your leads directly from Meta. You can choose the frequency of this.

So this isn't a big deal. This isn't something that's going to necessarily help you generate more leads, might help you convert a few more if it's a bit easier to stay on top of that way for you, depending on your workflows and be reminded, as opposed to potentially missing some. If you don't check that regularly, you don't have large lead volumes coming through.

Not a big deal, but helpful. Update number six is this one here. This is the ad level.

We're not actually in that creative form window. But just beneath that, we've got follow up with leads. And we can see we can tick this and it says chat with leads from instant forms.

So after a lead submits your instant form, so they've already become a lead and agrees to receive messages from your business, a chat that includes their contact information will start on Messenger or Instagram. So potentially a really good way to help get more out of the leads you're already generating. Help with that conversion process.

Because if you can get someone from just submitting a lead form to then trying to call them, email them, get in touch, great. You've got them right there on chat, on Messenger or Instagram, depending on which Facebook or Instagram they came through. You can communicate with them.

You can go back and forth. Probably much more likely to make contact, which we know is going to mean it's more likely that you actually get the sale, get the conversion. So depending on how your business is set up, this could be a really, really big deal to be able to connect with the leads that you generate via instant forms.

One of the parts here where it says they have to agree to receive messages from your business, I think more people will do that than marketers may initially think. Marketers may actually think, well, no one's going to agree to receive messages. No one wants to do that.

But just like you've experienced when you go and purchase something on a website, the check boxes so that you then receive emails afterwards are sort of, they're structured and written in a way, and I can see this is a market, I'm sure you have as well, that you are more likely to do it than not unless you're really paying attention. It's like structured in a way where that's going to be the default action that you take, and this is going to be the exact same. So like I said, this could be a great way to help improve conversions, to help build contacts on those various platforms.

In order to do this, you're going to need to have some extra stuff set up. So you're going to have to have staff that are manning this, AI integrations with like chatbots to be able to make this work, probably a combination of the two. So this isn't going to be appropriate for all businesses.

Some businesses absolutely don't want to have to then, you know, manage communication on different platforms. And that all makes things logistically quite difficult and confusing. But for those that do have the capabilities or can decide this is enough of a big deal to make this worth the capabilities, definitely give this a go.

Come on a sec, take a look at this. So this is in my mentorship program, right? And the results from Wind's channel and Tara has said this.

In two weeks of joining, my ROAS went from 0.7 to 8.03. And I've only implemented maybe 30% of the feedback that's given me so far, which is just, that's just incredible. That's awesome.

So Zoe up here, she joined the mentorship program with 35,000 raffle tickets. I was thinking she wasn't going to sell them. And she ended up selling out completely with two days to spare.

And we've got loads of others in here. We've got tons of people just sharing information around how they've done well, great results they've got. If you're interested, you can click on the button beneath this video.

That'll go through to a page on our website. You could book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more information. Hopefully, we get to work together.

Hopefully you join and you'll be sharing fantastic results like Tara and Zoe have done just here. Update number seven is a new additional action. So additional actions are things that people can do after they submit your instant form.

So they've already become a lead and it's like, well, what's next? So previously we used to have go to websites. So there'd be a button at the bottom on the, you know, submitted their information.

They're on the thanks you all set page. You can click on that button at the bottom, go through to the business website, which may or may not be helpful depending on how your sales funnel is structured. You could also have a cool business option.

Good for some businesses, not for others for obvious reasons. Meta somewhat recently added a view file option. So if you're running, let's say a lead magnet based campaign, you can deliver the template, the cheat sheet, the file, the whatever it is that you're giving people access to in exchange for them signing up.

And Meta have added a new option to chat via WhatsApp. Not everyone has this yet. I have this in some of my ad accounts, but not all.

So if that's the logical next step after someone becomes a lead is, you know, instead of waiting for us to give you a call or whatever the next step is, you can just go ahead and chat with us right away. Again, your business needs the capabilities to set that up. It's a little bit different from the previous option I talked about where conversations can be started via messenger or Instagram after they met a lead form, because that's something that's going to happen if they agree to receiving messages, it's going to happen by default.

Whereas the chat via WhatsApp is an action they can choose to take or not after they've become a lead. Some similarities, obviously, because it's a way to basically start a conversation, a chat with your prospects. But a good option if, particularly if you're operating in a market where people do a lot of things on WhatsApp, like UK, for example, I know it's quite different to the US.

The whole country runs on WhatsApp, basically, it's how a lot of communication is done. So that'd be a really viable option here. US, I know not so because WhatsApp usage is significantly lower.

But that might be a really easy way to start that conversation with a prospect, as we've already described, can help you generate a higher conversion rate and more customers from the leads that you're already generating. And number eight is another additional action. So instead of a chat via WhatsApp, or one of the other previous ones that I've mentioned, you can redeem a promo code.

So you can click on redeem a promo code, you'll be given a promo code that they could then come through to the website and go ahead and use can help with obviously tracking in terms of you can see exactly who came through and purchased and went through that that process because they've used the promo code. And might also be an interesting way to sort of warm someone up, you can't necessarily advertise directly for the products and go for sale, but you can warm them up with more of a lead based campaign, but transition that quite smoothly into a sales based situation where they become a lead, redeem the promo code go through and, and see if you can purchase via the website, if you're just going to run a lead based campaign, where someone is signing up to get a promo code to then be able to redeem that via the website. Yeah, I think you'd be better off running a sales campaign in that case, that just seems like added friction for no reason.

But if you're trying to do the sort of lead based campaign first, because people aren't quite ready to just buy cold, they need some more information, need some more warming up first, need some more interaction first, then this might be a way to transition. So I don't think tons of businesses are going to use that option and, and, and have that be a game changer for them. But I've described scenarios in which you might want to use it for you.

If you meet those, it might be well worth doing. I wanted to let you know about that because these additional actions can make a difference, obviously, to the profitability of the lead based campaigns that you're running, not just from a conversion rate, but also from a speed situation too. How quickly can we convert the leads into customers that provides the cash to allow us to then reinvest back into the ad campaign.

These things are important for business, particularly those that are spending a lot and operating a large Now some of these new features and updates are really significant, but they aren't anything in comparison to what Mark Zuckerberg wants to do with meta ads. If you have not seen his recent comments, you have to check out this video because in it, I go through exactly what he says. He wants to make massive changes that are going to be really disruptive, potentially really exciting, also a little bit scary.

Like I said, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.