Meta has released some awesome new features that are really going to help us get more leads from our Facebook and Instagram campaigns and get better quality leads. In this video I'm going to show you exactly what these new features are and show you how to use them to get the best possible results. I strongly recommend that you do.

So to show you how this works I'm going to create a quick example leads campaign. I'm in an example ad account, I'm in ads manager. I'm just going to click on create and then scroll down and select leads and then go ahead and click continue.

Now I'm going to go with manual leads campaign, click continue here and then what I'm going to do is jump from the campaign level all the way to the ad level. I'm not going to worry about ad sets or anything like that. If you want to know exactly how to set up lead campaigns, how to go about generating leads from start to finish from Facebook and Instagram campaigns, I've got another video, there'll be a link to that in the description below so you can go through that.

I really want to focus this video here on the brand new features that we can use that are really exciting. So I'm going to jump over to the ad level and then I'm going to scroll down to the lead form section and I'm going to skip over all this other stuff. As I said, I cover that elsewhere.

So we get down to this lead form section and I'm going to go ahead and click create form. Now the changes that are being made are ones that affect the lead form massively. So if you're generating leads via your website, this isn't going to affect you as much, although you may now want to test generating leads via the in-app features, the in-app lead form within Facebook and Instagram because these new features make this option more powerful, more likely to convert and more likely to produce better quality leads, which is really important.

Okay. When we get into the create form section, as we are here, the very first thing we need to do is select a form type. Okay.

So we've got more volume and higher intent as the first options. We've had those for a long time, but now recently we've had rich creative added in. If we go ahead and select that option, you can see that the description here is hold your audience's attention with this form that integrates your company's images and messaging, including an optional about us product details and review section.

Basically we can provide more information in this form to help us convert those people that are getting to this stage, get them to become a lead and most importantly, get them to actually respond when we try and contact them so that they can progress through our sales funnel. So I've been calling for something like this for quite a long time. I always felt the lead form was a little bit basic.

We weren't able to really sell the product or service or the next step, whatever it is we're looking to do. And with rich creative, we absolutely can. So once you select rich creative, you will see that a number of these other options, as we go through this have changed and we've got extra stuff we can add in.

So if I go ahead and click on intro, I'm just going to add in some quick information in here so that we can see how this works and then focus on the new features that we've got. So let's say for example, we were advertising our services, our done for you, Facebook ads, Google ad services, right? Then as part of our sales funnel, the first step is for people to book a free strategy session with one of my team members, where we can work out the best approach for your business and all that sort of stuff.

And if you're watching this and you just want someone else to take the workload off your hands, I'll leave a link in the video description if you want to explore what working with us looks like. So let's assume that that's what we're advertising here. So book your free advertising strategy session we could have as our headline.

Okay. And then in the overview, we might have something like send us your info and we'll be in touch to arrange your free session, something like that. Okay.

Just explaining what people need to do, typically what we'd go with. Now, what you will see that once you select this rich creative option is that we now have this benefits section. So we can add two to three unique benefits to help support the overview.

So why do people want to book a free strategy session with us? Why might they want to work with us? So these are the benefits associated with your product and service.

So we could have something like dedicated customer support, we could have 30% improvement in results, or 30%, let's say, average improvement in results. And we could have proven track record, something on those lines. You'd want to give this quite a bit of thought and time, make sure this really sells whatever it is you're offering.

I'm just sort of going through and adding these in. And you can see that over here on the right hand side in the preview, we've got send us your info will be in touch shortly to arrange your free session. And then we've got these benefits.

Why do you want to take that action? Here's why. And also not only why do you want to take that action, but also why do you then want to respond when we try and contact you?

Because that's one of the complaints you hear a lot of the times about lead campaigns on Facebook and Instagram using the instant form is that the lead quality is not that great. People take a long time to get back to you, or they simply don't get back to you at all. This is going to help convince them to do that because there's an extra reasons for them to do so.

Then we've also got this really interesting build your story section, which is new and only available if you select the rich creative option. Now, there are a few different options in here. Okay.

So the first one is how it works. So if we were to go ahead and turn on how it works, we can see this is what it's going to look like. There are a few different options here.

So we can go with how it works. We could go with get started more about us, how we're different highlights. So select the one that best suits your business and the details that you want to explain.

But if I go with how it works, because that would be important for our business, we know that a lot of prospects are confused or don't necessarily understand the process that's required to work with us. So we would want to lay that out for them. So we'd start obviously with free consultation.

And we could say this is a one-to-one call with one of our advertising experts. So that's step one, right? Free consultation.

Step two, if I bring that up, we could have bespoke proposal. They then sent a bespoke proposal, a fully bespoke plan of action for your business. Okay.

And then we could go on. That might be a second call, et cetera, et cetera. So they understand, okay, once I sign up for this free strategy session, what's going to happen after that?

What are the next steps? How does it work? And you can go through and add those in.

Obviously you'd want to make sure that that applies to your business. Otherwise you could select some of the other options, but this could be a really useful addition to help people with that next step. People are much more likely to say, take step two.

If step one is signing up for the Instaform in the first place, step two might be a call, might be a quote, might be a survey, might be a whatever. They're much more likely to do that if they then know what step three, four, and five are. When people are confused and they're not familiar with the process, that's why a lot of people just go, it seems too complicated.

I'm not going to bother. So laying it out can really, really help. Okay.

So we can have a how it works section. There's also a product section. Now this applies to products, but as you can see, we could also select services, other options, best sellers plans, courses, programs.

So in this case, we would use something like services. Now, what you'll see over here is that Facebook are creating kind of like a carousel ad format where you've got these cards, you've got an image, title description, and things like that. I'm not adding in any of the images, by the way, that's obviously something you would want to do.

So here, for example, let me add in some of the details and then I'll explain. So here we could have one of our services could be Facebook ads in the description. We could be fully done, fully done for you, Facebook and Instagram ads.

Okay. Something like that in there. And then we would have to add an image that simply displays, you know, Facebook, Instagram services, something that's relevant, could be the logos, could be pictures of our team.

If you were selecting products from this list, obviously you would want an image of the products in there. So just obviously adding the images to think about that. I'm not going to focus on that because it's fairly self-explanatory.

I want to focus on these new features and how they might work. We've also got some specific benefits in here, which is great. Similar to what we added into the overview section, we can add these in.

The more information you put in here, the more you can sell your products and services, the more likely you are to get that conversion and get people taking the next step, which is why this rich creative form type is so great. So in here, we would want to add things that were specific to this service. So we could have things like ongoing optimization, daily monitoring, ad creative included, you know, things that are going to help convince people to use our service as opposed to someone else.

And then we can go on and add in other cards and you could add these in for your various services, products, things like that. So for us, for example, we'd have one for Facebook ads, we'd have one for Google ads, then this would look very similar. So fully done for you Google ads.

And then we would add in the benefits and they'd be customized to that service and it'd be similar to the ones I went, I went repeat the same process, you get the idea. Okay, and then after the products and services section, we have this section called social proof, which we can also turn on, you can see by the way, you can have multiple of these and that's how they stack up on the right hand side. The preview section is really useful for this sort of stuff.

We've got reviews is what it's the default here. And that's probably what most people are going to use. So you can put in reviews from previous customers, clients in there, which is fantastic.

But you could also use things like accredited by certified by that might be really important for certain industries, particularly if there's any sort of safety angle involved. If you're an electrician, for example, you might want to put who you're certified by accredited by that sort of stuff, or even in the news, if you've been able to, to gather some publicity for your business, you can pop that in, which is fantastic. I'm going to use reviews, I think that's most appropriate.

Then again, it's going to create this sort of carousel style format where you want to add in images for each one of these, you could actually add the image of the review itself, maybe you could add the image of the person reviewing you depending on if you've got permission to do that. Just go with what makes sense here. But you would want to just add in any like reviews that you've got.

So yeah, if I give an example, John Smith, and then we put in what they say, what is the actual review? You know, Heath Media is the best advertising agency I have ever worked with. Okay, whatever they've said, go ahead and pop that in there, you could pop that information in the image as well, which is great.

And then of course, you'd want to fill these out with the various cards and things and add in all reviews. And that's again, the sort of stuff that can really help improve lead quality, help you get more conversions, help you get a better response rate when you contact these people, because they're going, aha, all these people said it was fantastic. There's a reason why reviews are used all the time on Amazon pages and in, you know, sales pages and things like that.

They work, right? And then we've got the incentive section. So if we go ahead and turn this on, you can see that this is very similar to what I usually refer to as an offer.

And if you've been watching my stuff for a while, you're not always banging on about the importance of an offer. So for us, for example, this would be the free strategy session, I'm assuming that will fit just literally just that's what we're offering. That's our initial offer.

And then you can add in some other information. So offer good until a certain date, you know, if we only wanted to run this for a limited time only, and add in that scarcity, that urgency, I should say, to get people to take action quickly, knowing that this is going to disappear, we could have that in there. And then we could also add in this claim for one to two.

So you only get the free strategy session once, for example, you can't just keep booking these again and again and again and get them free, that sort of thing. So those are the various options that you get when you select the rich creative form type, you can see that if I scroll back up, and we go ahead and select a different form type, if I open this up here, and we select, for example, more volume, which is the default, you'll see that a lot of this stuff has disappeared. If we go into the intro section, there is no option here for any of the benefits.

There's no option for a lot of the other stuff like the how it works or the products and all those sorts of things that only available with the rich creative form types. So go ahead and select that back, then we will see that you have all this info in here, like these benefits that we added in, and then build the story, all that sort of stuff, which is really, really good. And I've explained why.

Now, one thing I do want to highlight is that the rest of the stuff, so if we keep scrolling down, the rest of the stuff here, like questions, privacy policy, message for leads, that's all the same. So there's not other information added in here. You still want to ask for the information that you want to get in the questions.

I would always recommend you add in a phone number, for example. You still want to link to your privacy policy, and you still want a message to people who have submitted their information and let them know what's going to happen, what they can expect. As I said, I cover the rest of the information, so if you want to know what to put in the rest of the lead form, I've covered that in a whole separate video.

So go ahead and watch that out. Link will be in the description. This one, I want it to be about the new features.

One other thing I did want to highlight that is quite important is that with the form types, if we go back into this section here, a lot of advertisers are using higher intent. And the difference between more volume and higher intent was that higher intent gives a review screen. So if we scroll down here, you'll see that we've got this review screen.

If we open this up, and this gives the people to check the information that they've provided and basically say, are you sure you want to submit this? It gives them a chance to either back out, or correct something that can be useful. If for example, they use, they've had an old email address auto populate in the lead form.

And therefore that comes through and you're not going to be able to get in touch with them because they don't use it anymore. It was what they used to sign up for their Facebook ad account, you know, 15 years ago or something like that. Then you can go ahead and add in review screen.

If you do change to rich creative as a form type, you will see that review screen disappears. There's no review screen option. So if you have been using higher intent, and that's been working better for you, the more volume because of that review screen, it usually results in lower volumes of leads, but higher quality of leads, then just bear that in mind, you might want to do a split test between higher intent and rich creative and see which performs best.

Is having the review screen more important than being able to add in all this extra information around build your story, the benefits and things like that. My instinct is that rich creative is going to work best. And we've been testing this early days, and we're starting to see some improved results with this rich creative, which is fantastic.

It takes a little bit longer to know, because what we're really optimizing for with this rich creative instant form is lead quality. So it takes a bit of time often for that to filter through and us to know versus just how many leads we're generating, what's the cost, et cetera, et cetera. So, so yeah, so definitely test higher intent versus rich creative.

If you have been using higher intent, if you've been using more volume, absolutely test rich creative, I see little downside and including that extra information, the benefits are massive. It might lead to slightly increased cost in, in terms of your cost per lead, if you go with rich creative of more volume, because it's just a bit more information for people to go through. But I think that's going to be more than made up for by the improvement in lead quality, which we are thinking is going to be substantial.

And we've seen so far already, it is looking that way, which is absolutely fantastic. With these new features, helping you get better results from Facebook ad campaigns, you are probably going to want to scale them and generate a boatload new customers. If so, I'd recommend you check out this video.

In it, I demonstrate a brand new way of scaling that we're using right now. That's working really well. I haven't heard anyone else talking about it.

Go ahead and check it out.