Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to Facebook ad hack your competitors. Now this is something that not enough Facebook advertisers do.

It can save you an enormous amount of time and money, something that I've done repeatedly, we do for our clients. Maybe not a term that you've heard before, I'm going to explain exactly what it means and all that in a minute. So I think you're going to find this video very interesting and very valuable.

Before I do that, I just want to very, very quickly ask a favour. Please smash a like on this video and subscribe to my channel if you are new. Now that you've done that, let's get into the steps.

So the first thing you need to do when you're thinking about Facebook ad hacking your competitors is what's your objective here? Okay, so your objective is to massively save yourself a lot of money and really save yourself a lot of time by working out what your competitors have done, what they figured out and what works for them and then you can model from their approach as opposed to having to test everything yourself. Now, depending on your industry and what sort of products and service you sell, there are hundreds, at least dozens of different sales funnel structures, different processes around generating leads, acquiring customers, etc.

And it may be that you've got competitors in your industry that have tested 20, 30 of those and found one or two that work really well for them. Well, by Facebook ad hacking your competitors, you can find out what those things are, model from those and save yourself an enormous amount of time. I mean, there's something I'd wish I'd done when I started my business as a Facebook ads agency owner.

I spent four years of thinking almost every working minute, how do I go about getting more customers? What's the process of getting customers for my Facebook ads agency? How should I do it?

What process should I use? What sales funnel should I use? Etc, etc.

All that sort of stuff. And I worked out a system that works, but it takes a huge amount of time and tens of thousands of dollars I spent on that as well at the beginning when I didn't have that to spare and to work that out and you can skip all that pain. I wish I'd have done it.

You can skip all that pain by Facebook ad hacking your competitors. So how do you go about doing it? Right.

First thing you need to do is come to the Facebook ads library and that's what you can see in front of you right now. So just Google Facebook ad library. I'll also include a link in the video description so you can come and check this out.

Now Facebook made the Facebook ad library available to people because of privacy reasons, basically. In early 2018, they got a lot of bad press around privacy issues, getting involved in elections, yada, yada, yada. And they wanted to sort of mitigate that.

And they thought, okay, the way we'll mitigate that is we'll be completely transparent. We'll make ads available for anyone to see. Now, actually, the ads is not the most important part here.

And I'm going to explain about that in a minute. But come into the Facebook ad library. And there's a few things you need to do.

First thing you want to do is select the country that you want to see for where the ads are being shown. Okay. So if you wanted to see where one of your competitors is advertising and you select a country where they're not advertising, not where they're based, but where they're not advertising, you won't see their ads.

It's something that's quite important to do. Most people are going to be looking in their own country where they're based. So you can see Facebook's defaulted to the United Kingdom.

But just keep that in mind if you are not. Then, what I'd encourage you to do, you see that it automatically defaults to issues, elections, or politics, I imagine most people watching this video are not interested in what, you know, they're not running political ads themselves. And they're doing this for business purposes, right?

So in which case you want to go ahead and select search all. And then what you need to do is find the Facebook page of the business that you want to Facebook ad hack. Okay.

So you can use to be able to search by sort of different search times, but I find the best way to do it is just literally identify the company that you want to check out. You can obviously check out a whole bunch. It's completely up to you.

So I'm going to go ahead and pop in here, ClickFunnels. Okay. ClickFunnels is a very well-known brand in the digital marketing space.

They're, to be honest, brilliant at what they do. They're fantastic marketers. They've worked out tons of stuff in terms of how to market online courses, how to market software, et cetera, et cetera.

So they're a fantastic option to go with. And actually the owner of ClickFunnels, Russell Brunson, the CEO, is a big, big fan of, he calls it funnel hacking. I think it's a term he actually coined, funnel hacking.

And that's kind of what we're going to be doing with a Facebook advertising slant on it in this video. So, you know, definitely he deserves a lot of credit for a lot of this process. Okay.

So you set your page, you can see on the drop down list, you click into it and then you can see a lot of information. So you can see where the page was created. I can't believe it was only 2014.

Seems like it's been around longer than that. They get you some political stuff and things like that. That's absolutely fine.

Then you can come in and you can say, you can filter by United Kingdom. You can look at active and inactive ads. There are some options in terms of where they've generated impressions.

Is it within the last 90 days, last day, if you want really recent stuff, et cetera. And you can now do platform stuff. So what's it seen on Facebook, Instagram, and just select the options that are appropriate for that.

So some fairly recent information stuff that Facebook has added in here that can be very, very useful. Now you can see the ads that they're running, right? I'll just give you a quick scroll and you can see that ClickFunnels, unsurprisingly, because they're brilliant at what they do and they're going to have very sophisticated Facebook advertisers work on their team, have got tons and tons of different ads running.

In fact, you can see up here, roughly 100 in the United Kingdom. I imagine if I change that to the US, it'd be more. In fact, should we quickly check that out?

Let's see if that's true. Yep, about 130. No surprise there whatsoever.

Okay. So this all looks a little bit daunting and ClickFunnels is going to be quite daunting. There are probably going to be competitors that you can find that are far more straightforward to Facebook ad hack.

But there are a few things that you're really sort of looking out for when you come in here. So obviously the first thing is, are they advertising, right? If you check out a whole bunch of competitors and not advertising on Facebook, it doesn't mean that Facebook and Instagram advertising won't work for you, but you know, it's something to think about.

Maybe they tested it, maybe it didn't work. So that's something to think about. But hopefully you see ads.

Once you see ads, you'll probably see that like here, right? We've got this ad that was started. It's kind of blocked off there, but that started running on the 14th of July, 1st of July, 1st of July.

I'm recording this video on the 20th of July. Actually, no, it's the 21st of July. I got the date right.

I'm recording this video on the 21st of July. And if an ad has been running for five, six, seven days, it doesn't really tell me a lot. It just means that that's something that they're testing.

Okay. So don't get sucked into sort of modeling from these ads that have only been running for a little bit of time. What you want to do is you want to scroll down and find some ads that have been running for a long time.

So if we scroll down, I don't know how far this is going to go. Okay. But let's say we just stop here for now.

It goes a little bit further, but that'll do. These were launched October, 2019. Now a company like ClickFunnels is not going to be running an ad for nine months if it's not successful.

So these are the ads, the ones that have been running for a while are the ones you want to model from because no one runs an ad for six months if it's not delivering results. And that's a great way of working out which to model from and which not to. Okay.

So first thing you do is identify some ads that have been running a while. Then what you want to do is find one that you think is appropriate to the product or service that you offer. So, you know, you want to make sure that this isn't, let's say the company you're modeling from has a whole range of products.

You don't want to model from an ad that's advertising a product that you don't advertise yourself. So just a bit of common sense there, but just make sure you keep that in line. So let's take this ad for example.

Did you get a piece of the $22 million we dealt out in 2018? What about the $52 million in commissions over the past five years? You can see affiliate bootcamp, 100 days to turn this hobby into your full-time career.

So this is an ad for people to become ClickFunnels affiliates, right? Obviously that's one of the massive ways that ClickFunnels have grown their businesses through generating tons and tons of affiliates. I've sent them customers and that's what they're advertising here.

Now this video is obviously work for them. So let's just click in and see ad details. So I'm not too much going to focus on the ad in this video.

I know that sounds a little bit crazy because you're hanging on your Facebook ad hacking, but obviously go through it, make a note, right? So think about the copy, think about the hook. So here they're really going with, you should become affiliate of ours because you can earn loads of money.

Look, we're paying out millions, tens of millions in commissions to our affiliates. They've got a video here to an amazing life. And if I just play a little bit of this, you can go through and it's a minute long, right?

You can go through that. You can see exactly how it works. You can do all this sort of stuff.

And then 100 days to turn this hobby into your full-time career, make a note of the headline, et cetera, et cetera. Right? So really take note of all the various elements and think, how can you fit this into what you're doing?

Don't copy it, model from it, right? So model from the structure. And this is all great.

And this is fantastic information. So, so valuable to be able to see all this stuff. This can really, really help when it comes to Facebook advertising.

But I actually think the most important part, when it comes to really Facebook ad hacking your competitors is to work out their process more than their ad. So if we click sign up, we are going to be taken to this affiliate bootcamp page with this big old headline up here, a video, click to turn sound on a link here to register for the affiliate bootcamp, like a personalized letter talking all about affiliate commissions. And look, look, look at this side here.

How massive is this sales page? So what have they gone for to get people to sign up to become an affiliate? They've got a video.

They've got tons of testimonials, proof, I'll quit that for a second, lots of information. And they've basically gone with a long form sales page to get people to do it, right? Now, that is so, so valuable for me to know.

If I'm trying to get people to sign up and become an affiliate for my business, I am absolutely going to model from this page and model from this process. Now, obviously we're using a bit of a strange example here because there's people who want to become an affiliate or something, but this is absolutely the case with your products, your services. How are people who sell similar products or services to you, what's their process?

Are they sending people to a webinar? Are they getting people to message them, to start a conversation with them via messenger? Are they getting people to opt in for an email list who are then being retargeted?

Are they doing all these various things? I said there's dozens, hundreds of different sales funnels approach. Are they using a type form page?

Are they using a lead ad? Are they, have they got a three step process where you sign up for something, you enter in a quiz information and then you get retargeted and then you get followed up with something. Go through and take the steps, you know, click on the buttons, sign up, enter in your email address, see what that email autoresponder looks like, a model from every step.

A company that's really big and successful in their space hasn't got there by accident. They've worked out customer acquisition. One of the most important parts of growing successful business is customer acquisition.

They've worked it out. So absolutely work out what their hooks are, what their offers are, what their processes are and model from that as well. I mean, I've done things where I've sold online courses, right?

And I've used perhaps a long form sales letter approach and that's worked reasonably well. And then instead of just sending people direct from a Facebook ad to a long form sales letter to get them to purchase, I incorporated a webinar system. So I get them to sign up for a webinar first.

People watch the webinar, they then hit with email autoresponder sequence and then they purchase the course. I don't know the exact numbers. I probably should have worked this out beforehand.

But I would say the webinar approach for the same course delivered four times as many sales. I mean, you're talking about a 400% increase. Four times as many sales would be a 300% increase.

But you see what I'm saying. The difference in the approach had such an enormous impact on the results that were generated. Such an absolute enormous impact.

And I've done it so many times where we're working with a new client and we'll take a look at their sales funnel. Okay. And their Facebook advertising and how that integrates into that, whether that's one level, there's retargeting involved, etc, etc.

We'll take a look at a bunch of competitors. We always ask for competitors. And we'll go, I don't know if you realise this, but one of your competitors is actually using this approach.

And given our experience, we actually think that this approach can work right well. And then we use that new approach and it just doubles the results overnight. So this is so, so important.

Go in, become a customer effectively of one of your competitors. Go through their process. Sign up for their email list.

Buy their product. Do they upsell you? Do they try and get you to buy something at a later date in their email autoresponder sequence?

It's really important to know these details. You know, you have to go through these steps. It's so, so valuable.

It really is an unfair competitive advantage to be able to see exactly what your competitors are doing. So absolutely take advantage of it. And this is exactly how you go through it.

You can do this in an hour or so and it could completely change your efforts. And when it comes to creating your own Facebook advertising campaigns and setting up your sales funnels, it's so much easier for you to do psychologically because you're not going, oh, is this going to work? Is this not?

You know it works. A competitor of yours that's very successful, that knows what they're doing, has been running this exact funnel for the last six months, the last year. They won't be doing that unless it's profitable.

Therefore, you can replicate their process. Obviously, I said don't copy model to make it unique to you, but you can set up that process and you can have massive success following their same approach as well. You know, I have people ask me how I got to where I am.

And one of the things I always talk about is modeling. I model from people that have done what I want to do before. I work out how they did it.

I work out what actually mattered and I implement based on that. And you can just save yourself tens, hundreds of thousands of dollars, maybe even more and years of trial and error by doing this. Okay.

Hope that's been useful. Before you go, there's a couple of things I want to quickly mention that are completely free that I think you're going to find very, very interesting. The first is a webinar I've created called Three Killer Facebook Ad Strategies to Double or More Your Business.

So that webinar is very, very much related to this video, right, in that it's all about sales funnels and strategies. And what I said, I've got three ones that we use all the time that we sort of break down. And I explain what you want to use depending on what type of product and service you offer.

So I strongly recommend you check this out. It's completely free. The link will be in the video description below.

Go ahead and click on that and check it out. And as I've already mentioned, your sales funnel, your strategy is so important to your Facebook advertising success. Second free thing I want to mention is my Facebook ads mastermind group, which now has over 40,000 members, an amazing community full of Facebook advertisers wanting to get better results for Facebook ads.

There are literally hundreds of questions being asked and answered by Facebook advertising experts every single day. So if you want to get your questions answered, to find that connect with other like minded people, I also do free trainings in the group every single week exclusive to that group. You can't get them anywhere else.

So I strongly recommend you go ahead and join again, completely free to do so. There'll be another link in the description. Go ahead and join that.

We'd love to have you and yeah, help make that community a better place and get a lot of value from it yourself. If this has been useful, please smash that, smash a like on this video if you haven't done so already. Subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content, which I release at least once per week.

Comment below to let me know if this was helpful. That always helps me create new content. Comment below if you've got any questions and I will talk to you guys soon.

Best of luck. Cheers. Bye bye.