Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and welcome to my weekly Facebook advertising Q&A video. So I gather up questions from my Facebook advertising mastermind group, from comments that people leave on my YouTube videos and I gather them up and I answer them in a Q&A style format just like I'm doing right now. So I'm going to go ahead and jump into it.

The first question is, how do you advertise expensive products with Facebook ads? So someone in my Facebook advertising mastermind group asked about this. They actually do house extensions.

They said their average customer value is £5,000 to £40,000 which is roughly £7,500 to £60,000, something in that sort of range. And they wanted to know how do you go about selling something so expensive. We all see ads for relatively inexpensive products on Facebook, but how do you go about, you know, what's the strategy for selling something that's that expensive?

Now in terms of how the price of your product or service affects your Facebook advertising strategy. Obviously it does. But I more think, you know, I like to focus on the step that you want people to take next, after they see a Facebook ad, as determining what the Facebook advertising strategy needs to be.

So for example, if you want people to go through a nine step online process that is very involved, it's going to take them a lot of time, potentially cost them a lot of money, and it's all online, you're going to need a very complex Facebook advertising strategy with lots of campaigns that do various jobs to get them to do that. If you really just want to start a conversation with your prospects, which this guy is exactly what he does. He said, you know, we start with a free quote, a free consultation to talk about their house extension.

Then all you want to do is get that person to start a conversation with you, whether that's free consultation, whether that's over the phone. That's not that big an ask that you're making from your prospects. They can sign up for that relatively easily.

So you can do that with one campaign. You don't need a multi campaign strategy to make that work. You can advertise simply a free consultation, a free quote, and what you want to do in your ad creative is demonstrate your previous work.

Show that you're good at what you do and you can deliver great results. That's what is going to make people want to work with you. So obviously you're selling very expensive products.

You can just show your products in imagery, in a slideshow, in video format, however you do it. If you're a provider, then you might be able to, again, demonstrate the result of your work. Or if that doesn't really work for your industry, perhaps you could use a video testimonial from previous customers that are very happy with your work.

You could demonstrate your process in a video format. And there are lots of different ways that you could go about displaying the quality of your work. But that's what you need to do in your ad.

Display the quality of your work and then get people to sign up for a free consultation, free quote, free strategy session, whatever it is, and start that conversation off Facebook. Because that's what you need to sell those more expensive products. Okay.

Second question is, should I create a business manager account on Facebook or use my personal Facebook ad account? So business manager accounts are really useful if you have multiple Facebook ad accounts that you manage, if you're an agency. And if you have multiple Facebook pages that you manage and you want to add multiple people to those Facebook ad accounts and Facebook pages.

If you've got multiple Facebook ad accounts and multiple Facebook pages but it's just you accessing them from your company, maybe you're just a solopreneur and you just do this yourself, then just go ahead and keep using your personal Facebook ad account. There's no reason to create a business manager account. There's not that much of an advantage.

That's what I did when my company was just me. Now we're at the point where we have many Facebook ad accounts that we manage. We have many Facebook pages that we manage.

And there's also a number of us in my company that need to be granted access to those digital assets within Facebook. It's much easier to set up a business manager and do it that way. So if there's more than one of you in your company and you're managing multiple accounts, multiple pages, business manager, otherwise just use your personal ad account is what I would recommend.

It doesn't make that much of a difference either way though. Okay. Third question is, what Facebook targeting options should I use for a dentist in a city of 80,000 people?

Now the key to that question is there's only 80,000 people in this city that this person wants to advertise in, advertise this dentist business. Now with only 80,000 people, you cannot add many targeting options at all. Otherwise you will really reduce the size of your target audience and your ads won't perform very well.

In fact, with that small a population size, I would probably just add in age criteria. So what's the standard age demographic of that dentist? It might be, I don't know, 30 to 60, something like that.

Okay, great. Just add those in and don't add in any other targeting options. The audience size is too small.

If you're in a city with millions of people, then yes, you can add in other targeting options, but for a target market that small, it needs to be left broad. And we do that a lot with local business, by the way. We use broad targeting options because small audiences and Facebook ads do not mix well.

Okay, I'm just going to flip over to the next one. So next question is, what's a good Facebook ad campaign strategy for generating newsletter sign-ups? So the first part of that that I'll address is newsletter sign-ups.

People aren't really signing up for your newsletter. I know that's what it used to be called, but no one cares about your company's news. They don't want to receive your company updates.

What they're really signing up for is your email list because they want to receive things that they're interested in or that will help them achieve something they want to achieve. So I've got tens of thousands of people on my own email list and I regularly send out Facebook advertising content, like the video you're watching now, like Facebook advertising articles that I write and things like that. That's why they're on my email list.

Now the way you get people on your email list is you have to incentivise them to do so. So you do that with something that's called a lead magnet. Now my lead magnet is my five part Facebook ad template.

It's got a number of Facebook ads I've created for clients that have all performed very well. People can download it for free, but in order to do so they need to join my email list. In fact, if you check out the description of this video, there'll be a link to my five part Facebook ad template there.

If you click on that, you'll be able to go through to my website and sign up for my email list and get access to it so you can take a look. You can also see how that process works. Now we do that or we also give access to our five part Facebook ad template if people join our Messenger, Facebook Messenger subscriber list, which is something a little bit different.

I've got other videos on that if you want to check those out. But we're basically giving this digital asset, very valuable digital asset to people wanting to advertise on Facebook in exchange for them joining our email list or joining our Messenger list. And that's how you do it.

You're basically using what I like to call an ethical bribe. Most people in the industry call it a lead magnet, but you're giving something of value in exchange for their email list. And just don't think that people are going to sign up to your newsletter.

They don't care about your company updates. They really don't. Unless you're a massive brand doing very interesting things, they really don't.

They want things that are going to help them. So what's going to help them? And when you're creating your lead magnet, make sure it's something people really, really want.

So we know that our target market, which is businesses advertising on Facebook, they really want better results from Facebook. It's one of the most important things to their business often is if we can improve the performance of our Facebook ads, we can grow our company, improve our profitability, etc. So anything that helps them do that is something they're really interested in.

And that's why we created the ad template. So you can create video training, guides, reports, templates, cheat sheets, all sorts of great stuff. And then you can simply run a Facebook advertising campaign where you run a conversions campaign.

You send people from Facebook to a landing page where they enter in their name, email address in exchange for the free thing. They get onto your email list. They get the free thing.

Everyone's happy. Just make sure you comply with all the privacy policy stuff and get people to check boxes and all that stuff as well. Because obviously nowadays that's something that's very important.

Okay, next question. Can you advertise to members of a Facebook group you belong to? Unfortunately you can't.

I really wish this was the case. My own Facebook advertising group is growing very fast. I would like to be able to advertise to the members of that group.

That would be very beneficial. Facebook did announce fairly recently that they're planning to bring that out as a feature. But as of the recording of this video, that isn't possible.

So keep your eye on this because that might be an option in the future. What Facebook will probably do is only allow group admins to advertise to members of the group first. They may roll that out to people who are members of the group in the future.

But that is something that a lot of people are very interested in. Facebook will probably add it. It's just not here yet.

Okay, next question. How can I narrow a Facebook lookalike audience to target a local area? So I've had this question asked a lot of times because when people go into their Facebook ad account, they create their lookalike audience.

They're asked to select their region or their country. It's very broad and they do so and they think, this is useless, my customers only come from 10 miles of my office or location or whatever it is. In that case, create your lookalike audience on a nationwide basis as you usually would in the audiences tab in Ads Manager.

And then when you go to target that lookalike audience in your Facebook ad campaign, at the ad set level, go in and select your regular location targeting parameters just like you usually would. That will narrow down your target audience. My screen's just gone dead.

That will narrow down the target audience to people that comply with the lookalike audience. They fit into the lookalike audience. And they have to be within that area.

So one word of warning I would say is that make sure you create a large lookalike audience because if you create, let's say, a 1% lookalike audience nationwide and then you narrow it down to just your local area, that audience is going to be very, very small. So we usually create a 10% lookalike audience in the entire country if we're advertising on a local basis to lookalike audiences. So create a much larger lookalike audience than you usually would and then narrow down at the ad set level.

You can do it. It works perfectly well. But yeah, we get a lot of questions about that because it's a bit confusing with the first stage of creating the lookalike nationwide and then you have to do it in the next step.

But that's just the way it is for the moment. Okay, next question. Do you only use conversion campaigns when targeting warm audiences on Facebook?

So a lot of people on Facebook advocate and have the idea that you need to start by advertising content and then you need to retarget those people with your conversion campaigns, with your campaigns that are designed to generate leads, with your campaigns that are designed to generate sales. So whilst that strategy does work very well, you can advertise content and then come in with your conversion campaign after that, it's not necessary. You can advertise to cold audiences with conversion campaigns.

We do it all the time. It really depends on the business that you're advertising. And going back to the beginning of the video where I talked about how to advertise expensive products, it's all about what you're asking them to do.

So if you want someone to become a lead, for example, for something that's, you know, when they become a lead, it's not a massive time or money commitment for them at all. It could be free. It could be something like a free consultation like we discussed previously.

That can be advertised directly to cold audiences and you can see great results. Now if you find that lead quality is very poor, then you may want to advertise content and things like that beforehand to really warm those people up. But it's not always necessary.

So if you're confused about should I be advertising content first and then retargeting my warm audiences with conversion campaigns, test that theory. Maybe that works, but maybe you can directly advertise to cold audiences with your conversion campaigns and produce great results that way and you don't have that extra step. Something I'd really recommend people test.

Now in terms of warm audiences specifically, do we use conversion campaigns when we target those? Yes, almost exclusively. We will sometimes run brand awareness campaigns, reach campaigns where we're just looking to get our content out to as many people as possible that have already, for example, visited our website or on our email list, those warm audiences.

But the vast majority of the time we're using conversion campaigns because when we're targeting warm audiences, particularly the case for our clients when we're targeting their website traffic and previous customers, we want them to convert. We want them to purchase. We want them to become a lead.

So that's the way we do it. So hopefully you found that video very useful. Just ran through eight quick questions there.

If you've got any questions about my answers, leave them in the comments below. I will get to them and answer all the comments on my YouTube channel. If you enjoyed this content and want to see more of it, make sure that you subscribe.

Give this video a like. That would be very much appreciated. I'll have a new video like this for you guys next week.

If you want your question to be answered, go ahead and join my Facebook advertising mastermind group. It's free to join. There aren't any criteria.

There'll be a link in the description of this video. Ask your question in there. There's a good chance it will be selected for next week's Q&A show.

Again, likewise, if you've got questions, pop them in the comments of this video and they may answer them next week. As I said, check out the five-part Facebook ad template. Whether you want to see how to get people on your email list or you just want to use it yourself to improve your Facebook advertising results, I think you'll find that really useful.

The link will be in the video description. You can go through to your website. Completely free to download.

As I said, it includes some of the best performing ads I've created for a number of clients in a number of different industries. Over 20,000 people have downloaded it, I think, at this point. And feedback so far has been great.

So I think you'll find it really useful as well. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.

us to go. I pherson. Thanks so much at Dell and set 2.

hair off childcare hello baby everyone water MByer durable graphẽ numbers