Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video I'm going to show you how to quickly grow a Facebook group. It's something that I've done over the last couple of months. I've created my own Facebook group and I've been growing it in a particular way that I haven't heard many people talk about.

I found that it's very effective, it's very fast, and you get members in your group that are very engaged, which is very important. Of course, a lot of people understand the benefits of a Facebook group. It's one of the only places where you still get organic reach on Facebook, as in you're able to reach people without having to pay for it.

And the interactivity and engagement in a group means that it's a great place to interact with your prospects and your customers and get your message out about new products, new services, things like that, and generate more business. So this is my group, Facebook Ads Mastermind group. If you'd like to become a member, you're interested in Facebook advertising, absolutely do so.

Go ahead and request it. I'll let you in, and people post example ads and questions they've got about Facebook advertising all the time. Other members jump in, help them out.

I do so as well. So really good place to be if you're interested in Facebook advertising. Now, the strategy that most people use to grow a Facebook advertising group now is obviously they send it out to their email list and things like that if they've got them, but they look to directly advertise the group, which you can obviously do.

You can directly advertise the group on Facebook. But I found that that's not that effective. I found that it's much more effective to invite people that like your Facebook page to join your group.

Now, you might say, I don't have many people who like my page. Okay, that's absolutely fine. In that case, run a Facebook advertising campaign designed to generate page likes and then invite those people to the group.

That works better, in my experience, than advertising the group directly. I think it's because for someone to like your page is quite a small commitment. So they can sort of do that as an initial step.

And then when you invite them to join the group, that's another small commitment. If you go all the way to a group, it's seen as quite a commitment to go early on. So that's what I found to work best.

First thing you need to do is link your page to your group. So you can see my group is called Facebook Ads Mastermind Group. You can also see that it's linked to my page, Ben Heath.

Now, I obviously have 80,000 plus page likes. So I haven't had to create any page like campaigns. I have run this strategy for other clients.

But I haven't had to create any page like campaigns to invite people. I just steadily go through and invite people. And you'll see that as I scroll down, hopefully I'm not in the way here, that it says here invite members.

So invite people who like your page, Ben Heath, to join this group. Once you've linked the two, you can simply invite members. And you can click see more.

You can see here that there's a whole bunch of people that I can potentially invite. And I can click invite, invite, invite, go down the list and invite a load of people. Now, I don't do this as often as I should.

You can invite, it seems roughly about 50 a day. Facebook don't seem to set a number. A lot of times I'll go through and invite people until I simply can't invite people anymore.

Facebook will just simply remove people here. You can be selective around certain people. So if there's people who, you know, anyone you notice that leaves bad comments on your page or anything like that, then you can choose to, to hide that suggestion and not invite those people.

But what I would do is invite as many people as you can per day, come back to this daily and do it. You can even do this a couple of times a day if you've got the time. And you'll very quickly build a nice little group.

So this group is not very old at all. We've already got 784 members, 25 within the last, since I last was on here. We've got people posting and asking questions and asking things about Facebook advertising.

Lots of interaction. If you come and check the group, then you can do that. And it's quite a simple strategy, but one that I found to be the best.

So step one is obviously to link your page to your group. And then step two is to invite your page, people who like your page, to join your group. Works very well.

I consistently see 50% plus of the people that like my page who get invited will come and join my group. And this will hit many thousands pretty quickly. But obviously, if you don't have many page likes, as I mentioned earlier on, you're going to need to run that page likes campaign.

So that's what we're going to do now. So the first thing you need to do is head into ads manager and let's quickly create a page likes campaign. Okay.

So here we are now inside of ads manager. We need to create the page likes campaign. So go ahead and click the green create button.

That'll load the creation page and page like campaign want to be very, very simple. I'm going to go through the steps really, really quickly. So let's call this example page likes campaign.

Buying type can leave as auction. That's absolutely fine. Traffic.

You want to simply scroll down and select page likes. Remember the campaign objective is very, very important. You need to select the right one in order to achieve the objective that you want.

In this case, we want people to like our page so that we can invite them to join our group that is linked to it. So obviously page likes. Give your ad set a name.

So if I just call this example ad set, obviously I might manage multiple pages, but yours would probably just have the one page selected there. Then call this example ad. And then I just need to go ahead and select publish.

Okay. So that takes us into the campaign level. There's nothing we need to do here.

We can just leave that be. You want to go into the ad set level and now we need to set our targeting options who you want to advertise to. Now page like campaigns tend to work best with large target audiences, which makes sense because you know, you're not asking for a huge commitment at this stage.

You want as many people as possible to like your page. Therefore, you don't have to sort of narrow it down to only people that might buy your products or services in the short run. You can broaden it right out.

So obviously set your budget, whatever you want that to be. Custom audiences aren't really going to apply. If you advertise on a local basis, if you operate on a local basis as a business, then add that in.

If you do operate on a local basis and it's fairly local, not the middle of London or middle of New York with a huge population base, something like that, then I would be tempted to leave all the other targeting options open and allow Facebook to work out who is most likely to like your page. They're very, very good at optimizing your campaigns naturally through that. So I'd leave a lot of targeting options open.

If you operate nationally or internationally, you're going to want to add in some more targeting parameters. So for example, we operate internationally, but most of our clients come from the UK. Therefore, I'm going to leave it as UK.

I'm going to leave all this completely open and I perhaps might select something like small business owners. And I want to select behaviors as opposed to interests. The majority of people that like our page are small business owners and I've got 1.4 million.

That's fantastic. Another option could be Facebook page admins and business page admins more specifically. It's going to be more of those I imagine in the UK.

Oh, there's even less. Okay, because I selected business page. Yeah.

So there we go. A million people, business page admins. We offer a Facebook advertising service primarily.

We want people to like our page and then end up in our group that are admins of business pages on Facebook because they're our potential customers. Okay. You can scroll down.

Obviously, this is automatically put in. So it's excluding people that already like your page, which, you know, of course, you don't want to be advertising people about liking your page that already like your page. No point in that.

Placements, fine to leave those automatic, absolutely. And lowest cost. So that's the ad set level.

Now we want to go into the ad level. That's going to take a second to load. Now, as I said here, these want to be really, really simple.

So I'm not going to use the image that it's already got in there. I'm going to select change image instead. And the first thing I'm going to do is jump over to the stock images.

Now you may be able to create images yourself that you want to use. Absolutely fantastic. Remember what we're after here is a colourful, interesting image that's going to grab people's attention, but one that is related to your industry and makes sense for your business.

But don't worry about it being too specific around your products or your services or things like that. And remember, at this stage, we're just getting people to like our page. So if I was, you know, if you've got images, fantastic, but I'm going to assume you don't.

Just click on stock. And then if I was to search for something like digital marketing in here, we're a digital marketing agency, specialised in Facebook advertising. We're going to find something here that's probably fairly related to whatever it is that we're after.

So it's just taking a couple of seconds to load. Okay, so that's produced a few options. And here you're really just scrolling through to find something that you think is interesting, going to grab people's attention.

This is an example I've used in the past. So let's go ahead and use something like this. I'm just in the way.

So I'm just going to pause a second and click on that. And there you can see that this image has been added into my Page Likes campaign. Very, very simple.

It's got a hand in it. It's colourful. It shows it's kind of about digital marketing.

You may want to test a few options to find which one works the best, but something along those lines would probably work. Now I need to adjust my copy. I said Page Likes campaigns are very simple.

Have I scrolled past it? Here we go. Lead Gurus of London.

That's very odd. I've actually got some copy that I've prepared. I'm just going to paste in that we've used before that's worked well.

Okay, so I'm just going to go ahead and paste that in. And what we've got here is very, very simple. You can see it says, learn how to use Facebook to generate low cost leads and sales.

Remember, don't make this little bit of copy about you. It's about why someone should like your page. What are they going to get out of it?

What do you regularly share? What do you post about? In my case, as you'll probably know watching this video, I produce Facebook advertising content.

I put that on my Facebook page, YouTube channel, et cetera. And it says here, learn how to use Facebook to generate low cost leads and sales. So this is the sort of ad they will see.

It's got one line of text, very, very simple, an eye-catching image that we can grab from stock if you can create yourself. Great. Otherwise, stock is absolutely fine.

And then it's got marketing agency, Ben Heath, 80,000 people like this. And that does help. Having lots of page likes already does help get more.

But there you go. And that's just the sort of ad I would run with. And obviously, go ahead and scroll down and behind me here, you click publish and go ahead and use that.

So very, very simple. You might want to create a few different variations. So try a few different images, perhaps try a few different sentences if you're like, well, we share information about this people might be interested in.

We share information about this people might be interested in. Try a couple of different options and see which works best. Once those people like your page, make sure you jump in regularly to your group and invite those people who like your page to join your group.

Very, very effective. You can quickly get a group with hundreds. As I said, I've not been doing this very long.

I will end up very quickly with thousands on that group, which can be a great source of business going forward. So you can jump in there, be interactive. And just before you go, if you, as I said, you do want to find out more about Facebook advertising, you want help with your campaign specifically, make sure you join that group.

Head over to Facebook. In fact, what I'll do is I'll include a link to it in the video description, link to the group. Go ahead, request access.

I'll accept, provided you don't post about your products and services and annoying things like that. But if you've got legitimate Facebook advertising questions, want to know things about your campaign, people are very happy to help. I'm happy to help.

It could be a really useful place for you. So hopefully you find that useful. Hopefully you also found this video useful.

If you did, I'd really appreciate it. If you give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the channel, share it with anyone who might find it useful. And of course, if you've got any questions, leave them in the comments below and I will talk to you soon.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.