Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to answer a very, very important question and that's how long does it take to succeed with Facebook ads? Now this is something, this is probably the biggest or one of the biggest mistakes that I see Facebook advertisers make is they underestimate and they make assumptions that are completely wrong around how long it takes to succeed with Facebook ads and I think that leads a lot of people to making incorrect assumptions, making incorrect assessments, making incorrect adjustments to their campaigns and really jeopardizing the long-term profitability and viability of their Facebook advertising. So I'm going to go through some stuff in this video that I think you're going to find very, very interesting particularly if your Facebook ad campaigns aren't working yet, perhaps you're fairly new to it.

I think this is going to really help set the record straight for you. Now before I get into this and get into the steps, I just want to quickly mention, I just want to quickly ask, sorry, that you smash a like on this video. That would be very much appreciated, really helps me out, only takes a second and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new, turn on the little notifications when you do so you're notified when I release new Facebook advertising related content.

Okay, now you've done that for me, much appreciated, thank you for doing that and let's get into this now. Okay, so what I've done is I've just brought up a very simple spreadsheet, I've got some columns here and I'm just going to have a look at this over, you know, four month period, let's say 16 weeks, we might add on and go a little bit longer. And we've got a few different columns here, so let's quickly explain what I'm going to be talking about here.

So we've got ad spend, fairly self-explanatory, initial revenue, so what I'm talking about is the first transaction that you have with the customer, then we've got recurring revenue, I mean this could be in the form of a subscription but it could also be, you know, someone purchasing something at a later date, something like that, so you know, don't just think, you know, recurring subscription, but it's basically money you generate from a customer that's not part of the initial transaction. And then we've got ROAS which stands for return on ad spend, so you know, we spent x amount, we got x amount, what, you know, we spent x amount, we got y amount back, what's our return on ad spend, what's our return on that investment. So I'm going to go through this.

Now what I'm assuming with this setup here is that you are a relatively skilled Facebook advertiser. Now when they talk about, you know, how long it takes to succeed with Facebook ads and Facebook advertising, if you don't know what you're doing yet, it's obviously going to be longer for you than it is for someone who does know what they're doing. So I strongly recommend that you educate yourself and have a bit of practice, things like that, and get to the point where you feel like, okay, I'm fairly competent at this now, I know how to create solid campaigns, perhaps you've watched a load of my videos, perhaps you've bought my course and you know exactly how to do things properly, okay.

So that's, I'm assuming that's where you're at already. Once you are here, it's very rare that you launch a Facebook ad campaign and day one, it is amazingly profitable. It does happen and we do it for our clients, but that is by no means the norm and it's not what you should expect.

And it's also not necessary to having success with Facebook advertising. A Facebook ad campaign does not need to work really well from day one. Okay, so let's take a look at this.

So let's go through and say we start with a $20 a day campaign. So in week one, we spend $140. Let's say that the initial revenue from that is $100.

That's what we generated in sales. Zero recurring revenue because people, you know, they've bought once and they're not going to buy again. Therefore our ROAS, I haven't entered in the formula there, is that plus that.

In fact, I probably need brackets in here. You can see, let me get rid of that. You can see I do not have the best Excel skills, but they will suffice and then you divide by ad spend.

Okay, so our ROAS is 0.71 with a whole load of thingies. Let's limit that down to just two decimal places. It's 0.71.

So we've spent $140 on ads. We generated $100 in revenue. That is loss making.

That's not good. Panic, panic, panic. Let's go ahead and pause the campaigns, turn them off, etc.

No. If I launch a campaign like this, I am not too concerned that that is the case week one. There's a whole bunch of reasons for that.

So let's sort of start going through them. A, it's very rare that when you first launch a campaign, you've nailed all the elements of it. You haven't got the targeting perfect.

You haven't got the ad creative that really sort of sings to your target market and really gets to take action. These are things you're going to have to create new versions of and work out. So even if, even without some of the stuff I'm going to get into in detail, you're probably going to see a significant improvement in campaign performance just based on being able to optimize those various elements.

Okay, that's number one. But aside from that, because that's stuff that's already known and it's talked about in terms of campaign optimization and all these sorts of things, but you know, aside from that element, and of course Facebook optimizing the campaign as well, which is very significant, there's also consumer behavior and just understanding the maths. So let's say for example that the average person needs to see a product or service four times.

You need to see your product or service four times before they're ready to buy it, on average. Some will buy after seeing it once, some will need to see it ten times, but the average is four, right? And this is going to vary by the way between different products and services.

Some, you know, easy to purchase things might be once or twice, some might be 20 times if it's a, you know, a car for example. If someone needs to see something four times, you may have spent in week one a whole load of money on people that have seen an ad once, twice, and they just haven't seen it four times yet. And that is massively significant.

Okay. Because you've already spent some of the money required to turn that person into customer to generate revenue. But obviously that's only showing up in the ad spend column, not in the revenue column yet.

So if you're looking at your results right now, you know, you've run a week, just at the end of week one, you've got ad spend, and then you've got revenue. These two numbers aren't, you know, they're not representative because you've spent some money that you haven't yet generated the return on that money. Okay.

So that's the first thing. Do they need to see it a bunch of times? And perhaps a whole load of people have seen it a couple of times, but just not enough yet.

Let's say two out of four times. And a lot of those people will see it over the subsequent weeks. The other thing to factor in is that how long after someone interacts with an ad, do they purchase on average?

You know, sometimes even e-commerce businesses that will say things like, and I've spoken to so many e-commerce business owners and I say things like, oh, everyone purchases the same day that they see an ad. That is absolutely not true. In most e-commerce businesses, you're going to generate perhaps 50% of your purchases are from people that see an ad and then purchase within 24 hours.

But the other 50% are going to come from people that purchase more than 24 hours after they've seen an ad. So they might see an ad on Monday and purchase on Thursday. Perhaps they were busy on Monday.

Perhaps they wanted to check with someone else whether they thought that was a good product or not. Perhaps they want to do a bit of product research into your competitors. All sorts of things get in the way of them purchasing immediately.

It's not how people work in the real world. Time's required to get them to that purchase point. But let's say, you know, on average, it's three or four days later.

You know, if you assess results after week one, and the average person or 50% of the people that buy purchase more than, let's say, 48 hours after they've interacted with an ad, you've also spent money already on people that are going to buy, they just haven't bought yet. So you've incurred the cost, but you haven't generated the results for it. And the only thing that's going to, that's required to get you those results is just time.

You just got to give it a bit more time. So that's also why during, let's say, week one, you can see a negative ROAS or, you know, not a negative ROAS, but a ROAS that is less than one. So it's unprofitable.

And because, you know, a whole bunch of people buy three days after they've seen an ad, which is perfectly reasonable. You just haven't seen the revenue yet. And whenever you're running an ad campaign, you need to be aware that this is how this works.

You incur the cost of advertising, of putting that ad in front of your customers immediately. And you can see in your Facebook ad account in real time how much you've spent. And that can be stressful for some people.

It leaves them to make bad decisions, but you can see it immediately. Day one, I've got that spend. Hour one, minute one even.

I've got that spend in my ad account. But the revenue that that ad might then generate later down the line may not be seen till tomorrow or next week or a month later. I mean, I've given a three-day example for an e-commerce client.

You might have a service-based business where you're not going to generate clients for a month to three months after someone's advertised to. It happens all the time, especially with complex contracts and larger value projects. So you really need to give things a lot more time and don't worry if it's not profitable after week one.

Now, if we didn't run, I'm going to give you a few examples here. If we didn't run any more ads, let's say we switched off our ad campaign and just enjoyed what came through from this campaign, we might see that another $60 comes through on week two. No ad spend.

Another $60 comes through on week two. And perhaps we get a little bit of recurring. And then perhaps on week three, we get a little bit more from somebody who saw an ad during this week because they waited two weeks to buy.

And perhaps there's a little bit more recurring again. And then perhaps there's a tiny little bit more occurring and then there's a zero. Okay.

If you add all that up, all that revenue there can be attributed to this week's ad spend. It just hasn't come through yet. It's just as simple as that.

And actually, if you've run historic campaigns in Facebook that let's say, you know, a few months old, they were turned off, go back and have a look at them now. I've done this so many times where we've run a campaign, let's say we were advertising for a client and they need a ROAS that's above a three to be profitable. All right.

And we might run a campaign and it's, you know, sitting at like a 2.6, 2.7. We're like, ah, it's not quite working. Let's turn this off.

And then let's go and create a whole bunch of new stuff and test that. But if you check that in three months time for a lot of businesses, that same campaign that was turned off three months ago, that generated 2.6, that's where I was when you were looking at it in real time, you can go back in three months time and take a look and see, oh, the ROAS of that campaign is now a 3.2. Because of once you turn that campaign off, the cost stopped there, but the revenue carried on.

So you generated a whole bunch of new sales for the next, let's say, week, two weeks, month after the campaign's been paused. And that is so, so, so important. So really factor that in.

You can see that this ROAS now, my spreadsheet won't work it out for us, but what do we got there? Another 35. We basically doubled, you know, we've gone from 100 to $195 on that first week's spend, which takes us from, you know, 0.7 to, if we just added that up in there, 295 and got rid of these, because that's what these other revenue numbers total, to a 1.34 ROAS.

Okay. Still might not be good enough for you, but you can see that's a huge difference between those two numbers, right? Okay.

So there's just so many factors that go into this. I really want to pass them out. So what have we got already?

We've got the fact that some people buy a number of days or weeks or months after they've seen an ad, right? You need to factor that in. We've got the fact that some people need multiple ad impressions, multiple exposures to be ready to buy.

Perhaps they're not going to buy after they see it once, they're going to buy after they've seen it eight times. This will depend on your product and service. And as a rule of thumb, by the way, guys, with all these things, lengthen the timeframe.

If you have a higher value product or service, something that's more expensive, you know, people do not buy houses on the same day that they see an ad for them. That process takes months, sometimes years. Okay.

Cause it's a house. It's a huge decision. You can shorten the timeframe.

If you're selling a $10 product, $20 products, people can just make that decision by easily. Don't have to worry about it. Okay.

So just keep that in mind. Right. So let's say that, and let's say we keep the ad spend at $140, $20 a day.

Now let's say we've made a couple of little adjustments to our campaign. Facebook's learnt a bit. So from the same, uh, $140, exactly the same, we've generated this time instead $130.

Right? Okay. We've got $130.

Now we also need to add in the fact that there are some people that are advertised to in this week that will purchase in this week. You then deduct the people that are advertised to in this week that are going to purchase in this week. Okay.

So that's roughly going to wash its face, usually going to be slightly positive. So let's just take us up to 140, something along those lines. Okay.

Now let's say we've got month two, we're starting to kick out some nice recurring revenue. So let's say out of, you know, let's say that's 10 people that bought a $10 product. Um, this again, will vary massively between businesses, but let's say you've got a 20% reorder rate, you've got another $20.

Okay. And now our ROAS number in week two has already gone up to a 1.14. Let's say we've got week three, same ad spend.

We've improved the campaign. We've now got two weeks worth extra coming into here, not just the one week. So now we're up to, let's say 190.

We've got significantly more recurring revenue as well, because we're starting to build a customer base. And in week three, we're looking at a 1.71. Perhaps we get to the point now where ad fatigue starts to set in.

So the initial revenue isn't quite as strong as we want it to be, even when we've got carryover weeks and it goes down to something like 150. Okay. But we're still, when, you know, we're building a customer base here, you know, what if it's $10 a thing, what we've got there, 14, 19, that's a 33 plus 10, that's 43 extra customers.

We're getting some nice repeat purchases from. Perhaps this has now gone up to, you know, $90, something like that. Okay.

So even though ad fatigue is set in and our campaign's not performing quite as well on the front end, we still got the same ROAS because we're now building a customer base that are buying from us again. And we're having people that have been advertised to sink in. Perhaps now we go in and we go ahead and change up the campaigns and we create new ads and all that sort of stuff.

Right. And now it really gets a nice boost. We go up to, you know, 260 and we continuing to build that recurring revenue.

That's gone up to 120. Now our ROAS is 2.71. Okay.

We haven't changed our ad spend. We've made some adjustments to our campaign and we're building a customer base. Right.

We're really happy with that. So let's say we scale up our ad spend. Let's say we double it.

Okay. And let's say the ratio stays roughly the same, maybe slightly less. That's gone up to 500.

And this is now trickling up slightly to about 150. ROAS has gone down slightly, but we're still at a much higher ROAS and we're generating a much higher profit number because of course, um, a 2.32 ROAS on a $280 ad spend is better than a, it's going to be more money in real terms than a 2.71 on a 140 ad spend. In fact, you know what?

Let's just show that, uh, because if, for those of you not very, um, numbers oriented, that might be a little bit confusing. So if we just do that plus that minus that, so we're losing $40 a month one and you can see how much profit we're making from then on. Right.

You see what I'm saying there by 2.32 ROAS on $280 equals 370, whereas a 2.71, which is a higher ROAS only equals 240 on 140. Okay. We stay at the same level now and perhaps we see, um, slight improvements because we're making, uh, you know, we're still only seven weeks into a campaign.

Slight improvements, we're making adjustments to our campaign. Fantastic. Recurring revenue perhaps is just sort of stabilizing a little bit now.

We're not continuing to increase the recurring revenue because we're seeing, um, you know, uh, I dunno, uh, uh, just a certain amount of drop-off. So let's say for example, if certain amount of people from that month are going to buy a month in week two, sorry, week three, week four, perhaps they're done or starting to churn and drop off by week seven. You know, I'm trying to give you example numbers here to demonstrate how this works.

Okay. Perhaps let's say we stay at 280 for another, I don't know, three or four weeks. And let's say we stay consistent, we stay consistent and then we start to see a bit of ad fatigue and we start to see some drop-off, right?

And then because we're still building a customer base, our, um, recurring revenue is ticking up slightly. And then we see a bit of a drop-off here. Let's say it just stays the same.

So you can see we've increased in profitability there and then it's gone back down. I don't want to show you this goes up and up and up because it doesn't, these things change. Now week 12, we've been working on a brand new product.

We have acquired, in fact, let's work it out. So if we do some of this, let's say it's $10 of revenue per customer, right? Uh, divided by 10.

We've generated 400 new customers, 400 new customers. And we're about to launch a new product, a higher value product. Okay.

We're going to keep our ad spend the same. And this could be a service. This could be a different way of doing things.

This could be a finance option for your service. This could be all sorts of something, something new. You can go back to your old people and, and really advertise to them.

And perhaps so many of them, you can spending a significant proportion of your ad spend, you know, we're only at $40 a day here, significant proportion of your ad spend on retargeting. And instead of generating 480, you generate 860. Just jumps up massively.

This is not unrealistic in the slightest. This happens all the time because we're building a customer base and it's going to get, it's so much cheaper to get those 400 people to buy something else, buy from us again with the same amount of ad spend. And let's say our recurring goes up big time as well.

Now you're up over a 4X ROAS. Now maybe you needed a 3 plus ROAS for this campaign to be really, really profitable for you and work really well. Well, you can see that it took us 12 weeks.

It took us 12 weeks with this ad spend. Now, yes, you could probably speed up that process significantly if you're willing to spend more, but I'm, you know, assuming you're operating with, with lower budgets here, but maybe it takes 12 weeks. And that is the whole point of this video that I'm recording right now.

Maybe it's going to take your campaign 12 weeks before you've built up the customer base, before you've advertised for enough people in your market for you to see a very nicely profitable ROAS. But here's the thing, if you're not willing to go through the initial 12 weeks, you can miss out massively, massively. Because from 12 week on, when let's say we keep it, you know, the same, this new product is still crushing.

We've got building recurring revenue really nicely. We're making $1,000 a week, making $1,000 a week. Great.

There's no reason why this ad spend needs to stay at 280. You jump that up to 500. You're still generating a really good return.

Your recurring's going up nicely. And yes, of course, as you scaled, your ROAS went from a 4.57 to a 3.92. But the numbers are going up and up and up.

And you can reach the point where, you know, maybe you stay at that for a few weeks, etc, etc. But you can reach 16 weeks is not a long time. And it feels like it, particularly if you're just going to start, it's not a long time.

We've run campaigns where we start by spending $5,000 a month, and we end up spending $120,000 a month. And you know, if at $5,000 a month, the company is generating, let's say, a $20,000 return, a 4x ROAS, of which, you know, let's say they've got good margins, they make a 50% gross margin. So once you deduct ad spend, they're generating a $5,000 gross profit.

So spending $5,000 on ads, $20,000 revenue, $5,000 gross profit. Well, if you take that $5,000 and go up to $150,000 a month in ad spend, and you keep those numbers the same, you are now generating $150,000 a month instead of $5,000. So if you're not willing to go through this pain here to build the customers those first few 12 weeks, you could miss out on the $200,000 a month, a million dollar a month business, because you didn't get this going in the first place.

And then what's so cool about this is, let's say, you know, something happens in your business, you hit really lean time, and you decide, you know what, we really need to cut our ad spend for a month, we need to cut our ad spend. This number is definitely not going to go down to zero. That might stay at, let's say, 700.

Because as I said, you've got all these people you've advertised to, hundreds of thousands by this point, you've advertised to, that are still going to keep purchasing. And this isn't going to drop off to zero either, perhaps it goes down a little bit, you know, and that can't work out because it's zero. But you can see the return on ad spend is phenomenal, because you've spent nothing, you've generated over $1,000.

That's all profit. And then perhaps the next month, you get a bit more of a drop off. So let's say you go, you know, 550, and this goes down to 260.

Different businesses will change differently. But all these numbers are really improving the lifetime return on ad spend, and the profitability of your Facebook ad campaign. So in general, you need to give your Facebook ads longer than people think it takes longer to succeed with Facebook advertising than most people think.

And that's what I really want to get across with this video, and with these numbers. And hopefully this helps explain things for those of you that aren't as sort of, you know, mathematical and don't think about these things in terms of numbers. We will have things we're good at, we're not good at, I'm terrible at design and creative and things like that.

This is somewhere where I feel much more comfortable. So hopefully I can share this and you can really understand it, it can help improve what it is that you are looking to do. But this understanding this is massive.

There's so many businesses that I've seen turn off Facebook ad campaigns and you go, oh, you could be spending over a million dollars a year on your Facebook ad campaigns generating three or four if you just kept going. You just need to keep going until you build the customer base. Once you have that customer base, it's just enormous.

I mean, my business, for example, when we run Facebook ads to generate clients, our ad spend now is not zero because we experiment, but in terms of lead acquisition, it is zero. We don't spend any money on generating leads for our Facebook ads agency. We don't need to.

We've spent, we started spending five years ago and we spent tens of thousands of pounds on building an email list, building an audience, generating customers, so that we're at the point where we've got all this recurring revenue coming in, initial and recurring revenue, because obviously that's how we work with clients. They sign up and then they carry on paying us as long as they work with us. That is coming in from audiences we built, customer bases that we built years ago.

So you just have to be willing to go through this. And that's why, you know, the modern trend of venture backed businesses and all that stuff is so strong because they have the pockets, the investment potential to be able to run up massive customer bases, even at a loss, much more aggressively than the numbers you're showing here. And then of course, they've got this enormous customer base that they can use to generate a lot of revenue from.

You don't have to do that. You may not have access to funding. I never did.

That's not how I built my business. I did it probably how you guys are going to do where, you know, you generate a bit of revenue, you reinvest, you generate a bit of revenue, you reinvest. I think the first year of running my Facebook ads agency, half of the revenue I generated was put back into Facebook ads to build my audience, which was a significant proportion at the time.

So I want to highlight that because if you need to go 12 weeks where it's not quite working out to get it really profitable, do it. It's worth it. Now, of course, there's a difference between knowing that this is going to come good and something just not working.

So how would I work that out? I've assumed here the business needs to have a 3x ROAS. If after four weeks, my ROAS wasn't improving, or it was down at, you know, let's say less than a 1 or something like that, this is not probably salvageable.

You need to go back to the drawing board and make some real adjustments, whether that's to the campaign or the products and services being offered. So there is a difference. And obviously with experience, you get to understand what that is, but that is an important concept to be aware of.

It doesn't just mean, yeah, just throw money at a Facebook ad campaign and eventually it become good. That is not what I'm saying. I'm saying if you're seeing an improvement in results here like this, just be aware that if in month one, you're looking at your numbers going, those aren't as good as they need to be.

That's not the end of the world. It can come around and you could have a very, very successful, profitable Facebook ad campaign that can change your business. Right.

I've talked enough about that. Before you go, a couple of things I want to quickly talk about. The first is our Facebook advertising services.

So if you're spending more than 3k per month on Facebook ads or want to spend more than 3k per month on Facebook ads, that's a starting point to work with us. I'd love to have a chat to you about our services, how we can help you generate better results from your Facebook ad campaigns and all that sort of stuff. So if you are interested, all you need to do is click on the link in the video description.

That'll go through to a page on our website where you will be able to book a free 30 minute call with me. We can discuss the details, no obligation, very informal. The second thing is a free webinar I've created called 3k Facebook advertising strategies to double or more your revenue.

Now, I'd strongly, strongly recommend that if you want better results from Facebook advertising, you go through this webinar completely free. A link is in the video description. And in this webinar, I really break down the sales funnels that we use as a Facebook advertising agency to generate fantastic results for our clients.

All three sales funnels are very much tried and tested. They perform very, very well. And in the webinar, I also explain, look, if you've got this type of business, you need to use this webinar.

And if you've got this type of business, you need to use, sorry, not this webinar. If you've got this type of business, you need to use this sales funnel. And if you've got this type of business, you need to use this sales funnel because there's no such thing as a one size fits all when it comes to Facebook advertising.

Even though a lot of people teach it, I don't because I own a Facebook ads agency and I know what works and doesn't work from real in account stuff, right? So that's what this webinar is all about. Completely free, 70 minutes long.

You'll be very, very happy you watched it. I can basically guarantee it. So I strongly recommend you do that.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, please smash that like button. That'd be really, really appreciated and help me out. Please comment below to let me know.

Comment below if you've got any questions. And of course, don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel so you are notified when I release new Facebook advertising related videos. And I will talk to you guys soon.

Thanks a lot. Bye for now.