Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to answer the question how many Facebook Ads agency clients can one person handle? Now this is a really important question to know if you're looking to build a Facebook advertising agency, if you're offering Facebook advertising services, because you need to know how much capacity you have so that you can plan and put structures in place that allow you to scale your business. Now I've sort of tested this with using my own time when my business was just me, my agency was just me, and now I've moved on to using ad account managers and sort of thinking how many clients is a good number for each ad account manager to handle?

And I sort of settled on the number that 8 seems to work really well. 8 clients per one Facebook ad account manager seems to work really well. It strikes a nice balance because you don't want either end of the spectrum.

You don't want your ad account managers to be stretched and frazzled and working really really hard and not able to deliver a fantastic service, because of course if they don't have time to dedicate to each client properly, then the clients will leave. You won't get great results, the clients will leave and that defeats the whole purpose of what you're trying to do when you're building a business. But likewise, you don't want an ad account manager with three or four clients and they've sort of completed all their work by midday and they're sitting there twiddling their thumbs.

That's a waste of money for you as a Facebook ads agency owner. So 1 to 8 seems to work really well and if you think about roughly the working day, it has 8 working hours in it, then you can sort of split that up, 1 hour per client. Of course there's other things that need to be done, admin stuff, etc, etc.

And some clients are going to require a lot more time than others. So some are going to be bigger, they're going to require more contact time, require more work, obviously charge more for those. 8 is a good average, okay?

Now if you think of the finances, it works quite nicely. So if you've been following my stuff, you'll know that I don't recommend offering Facebook advertising services for less than $1,000 a month. So let's assume that your 8 clients are all at that $1,000 a month minimum.

Well that may mean that one ad account manager brings in $8,000 a month in revenue, you can pay them $3,000 to $4,000 a month and get someone pretty good and that's nicely profitable and nicely scalable. But of course your clients are very unlikely, all of them to be at that $1,000 a month minimum. Some are going to be worth a lot more when they're a lot more work and they're bigger businesses and they're spending more.

So my Facebook ads agency for example, our average client value is around about $3,000 per month. So per Facebook ad account manager, they've got 8 clients that's an average of let's say $3,000 a month. That's $24,000 a month in revenue.

We can afford to pay our Facebook ad account managers a very, very good salary and they are very, very profitable. Because at $24,000 a month you're talking about $280,000, $290,000 a year that they bring in and then that works very, very nicely from a finances point of view. It gives you a scalable profitable business.

There's a ton of wiggle room in there if anything goes wrong, etc, etc. And you've got plenty of money left over for your marketing efforts, any admin costs and then of course profit for you as a business owner. Okay, so before you go, something I want to quickly mention which is a Facebook ads agency training designed to show you exactly how to acquire new clients.

So it's called how to generate 10 to 20 new Facebook ad agency clients in the next six months and smash past 100k per year. So if that's the sort of thing that sounds interesting to you, if you've got a Facebook ads agency, you're offering Facebook advertising services and you are looking to acquire new clients and you're sort of thinking, how do I do this? What sort of strategies do I use?

Well, I give four strategies that work really, really well in that training. It's the exact four strategies I use to generate my first sort of 30, 40 clients. These are things that you don't have to be well established in the industry and have done for years in order to use.

You can go ahead and start implementing these tomorrow if you go ahead and grab the training today and there will be a link in the video description. So go ahead and check that out. And yeah, look, if you're trying to grow a Facebook ad agency, I would strongly, strongly recommend you go through it.

Take the time to go through it because I think you're going to find it very, very valuable. It could be a game changer for you. Okay, if you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up.

Please subscribe to the channel. Leave a comment below to let me know. I always really appreciate that and I will talk to you guys soon.

Bye-bye.