Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to customise Facebook ads by placement. So when you run a Facebook ad campaign you'll often be advertising on multiple different placements. Now Facebook has, depending on your campaign objective, up to 14 different placement options, different locations within Facebook and Instagram where your ads can be displayed.

Now those locations are very different in how they look. So for example, an Instagram Stories ad is going to look very different to an audience network ad or a Facebook feed ad. So sometimes it can be a really good idea to go in and customise how your ads look and your creative for specific placements which you can do at the ad level and exactly what I'm going to show you how to do to make sure that wherever your ads are showing up they look great in the place that they're showing up and that's obviously going to help you get better performance from your Facebook ad campaigns and people are more likely to convert etc etc.

So I'm in a demonstration Facebook ad account here so don't worry about all this sort of stuff here. So I'm going to go to this what I've called personal trainer campaign. I'll just click on local area and go to the ad level.

It's called placeholder. Don't worry about any other details. I created that campaign in a previous video which is why it's got all these details in here.

But the part that I am interested in, I'm going to scroll down here, is here we go. Select a placement to customise. So you can see that we're using this image in the ad.

So I'll show you the preview on the right hand side. We've got this mobile feed preview going on there. And you can see all the various different options.

I can select what it looks like in desktop preview. I've got here what it looks like on marketplace. You can see look, things look different.

Not a huge amount between those three. But if I then go to this which is Facebook marketplace details page. Obviously there's different pages within marketplace.

This is what it looks like. Quite different. What have we got here?

That's marketplace as well. That's marketplace as well. Then we've got the Instagram feed which is obviously going to look different.

There's no primary text above it. Instead it's put below. Instagram explore feed.

We've got stories. So here we've got Facebook stories. This is what our ad will look like on Facebook stories.

This is what it will look like on Instagram stories. And then we've got an article. So you can see that your ad is going to look different in different locations.

And for example in stories, instead of your ad just taking up that much of the screen, you might want it to take up more of the screen. So you might want to crop it differently. Okay.

Then you want to click on select a placement to customize. And Facebook have recently updated this. So they've got placement groups as well as a single placement.

So you can go through each individual placement and adjust that accordingly and make sure it looks great. Or you can select groups of placements that look very similar. So obviously when we went through these examples on the right hand side you can see that the two stories, Facebook and Instagram stories, have very similar formats.

And the feeds have similar formats. So it's easier really just to adjust the groups. But you can go through and adjust each individual one if you want.

This is all fairly new. Likewise, all this stuff over here, by the way guys, this is a new, this functionality has been around for a while. But the interface, the display here is quite different.

I actually think Facebook have done a really good job at improving this and making it easier to use. So if you're looking at this thinking, what, I can't see this in my ad account? Or this is something that I haven't seen before?

Don't worry, it's all fairly new. It rolls things out to different ad accounts at different times. So hopefully you would get this view fairly soon.

Okay. But to customise, I just want to go ahead and select, let's for example, select the feeds. And you can see that I've got here all these feed based ad options here and I can customise the placement for all those placements in one go.

So you can see this part's just cut off a little bit so I'm just going to minimise that. And you can see that we've got, this is the image we've got in our example ad. Okay, so this is advertising, free personal training sessions, this is the image we've got.

So I would want to leave this as is, I'm perfectly happy with Square. But I could, for example, change, you know, I could change the ad, for example. So I could instead, you know, as I said, this is a demonstration account so don't worry about these images.

I could instead, for these placements specifically, select this image. I wouldn't, but that's an example of what you can do. Okay, so I could completely change the image and I could upload new images here.

Instead of account images, I could have a look at what's on my Facebook page, Instagram account, etc, etc. I could also crop the image. So the original is sort of rectangular like that.

Square is what's recommended and I'm perfectly happy to go with Square. But if I wanted to, I could go ahead and use this horizontal crop and it will look differently. So we've got stories selected there.

If I now select one of my feeds, you can see that it's more sort of cut off and it's shorter. I wouldn't want to do that. I would be perfectly happy going with Square.

That's what Facebook recommends and that looks pretty good on the feeds. It's going to take up a lot more screen space that way. Erm...

Okay. I've got an error message. There we go.

I'm not exactly sure why, but there we go. Okay. So let's say I'm happy with that with feeds.

Stories is one of the ones where you do often want to change things. So this is how it's going to look in both Stories options. Facebook and Instagram Stories.

You can see I've got both selected. You're going to have this square view. You're going to have the start of the primary text beneath the image and you're going to have a sign up button there.

Now, I might want to change the image. We've already covered that. I also might want to crop the ad.

Now, what it would normally look to do with Stories is to crop it vertically. Now, you can see that I can't do this and the warning message I'm getting here is this aspect ratio is disabled because the resulting image will be smaller than a certain amount. So we need to use a larger image here in order to be able to use it vertically.

But that's an option. Okay. So let's go through this.

So let's change this image. We need one that's going to be at least quite a tall image. I don't have an option there.

I must have some on my page. Okay. This one will do.

Obviously, I wouldn't use this image. This is just for demonstration purposes, but I could select this image. It's just taking a second to load up, which is obviously profile picture of me.

And now this image is large enough. I could go ahead and use this vertically. I can decide, you know, where my crop is going to be.

I want something like that. Click save. And now you can see that obviously this is the feed.

So it still looks like the feed, but in Stories instead, the ad is going to look like that. So obviously the primary text is in there, but you still got the image and you still got the sign up button. Again, that's not an image I would use.

I would have demonstrated on this image, but it's not large enough because of course these images are larger. They're taller. You need to, the actual file itself needs to be large enough to make that work.

Okay. But this is just demonstrating the process. And of course, you can just keep going down through the list.

So you could select instant articles. You know, you can crop this. You could go to a more recommended crop, a more horizontal crop.

You could change your image. If you think, ah, you know what? That one doesn't look very good.

Move it up there. I need a different image for this placement and go through. Okay.

And what you'll see is that the image is the part that most people focus on. And that's the part that I'd recommend that you focus on when you're customizing your ad placement options. Because if you've got what you think is winning copy, what you think is a winning headline, you don't want to test too many variables or ones to make it too complicated.

But you will have seen, or you may have seen, that if I go ahead, where was I? Click select placement to customize. You can, you know, add things in here.

So you can customize the copy, the primary text for different placement options, and you can do the same with the headline. So this might come into play. I would tend not to use this, you know, thinking, oh, okay, people on, you know, this placement want this copy and people on this placement want this copy.

The way I would tend to use this, if I cancel that and you'll see, is that for example, on Instagram, on your Instagram feed, there's no primary text and your headline isn't visible. Okay. So that might mean that you, it might be more important that you get that information right at the beginning of your copy in this section here.

So for example, I could, instead of doing the feeds, I could go ahead and select Instagram feed. And because, look, there's no headline, that might mean I want to add what I would otherwise have in the headline right at the top of my primary text so that that's displayed beneath the image right here. Okay.

Different elements are going to be displayed in different placement options and you might want to customize accordingly. Does that make sense? Whereas if I click on the feed, we've got free personal training sessions as the headline of the ad on Instagram, that's not visible.

Now, it just so happens that with this ad, we've got free personal training session anyway, right at the top of our primary text. So that's absolutely fine. We wouldn't need to in this case, but that is an option.

If you want to make sure that on Instagram, you get your message across right at the top of the, right at the top of the primary text because there is no headline and repeat that information. So as I said, image is the part that most people focus on when they're customizing Facebook ads by placement, but you can customize your primary text and you can customize your headlines by placement as well. Okay.

So that's basically it. If you can go ahead and make these adjustments, you're likely to see an improvement in performance. One thing I will say is Facebook does a pretty good job of making your ads look decent anyway.

So if you forget to do this and launch campaign and you haven't set this up and you're thinking, oh no, you know, my stories placement, you know, if I just get rid of that, for example, I didn't edit the ad for my stories placement. If I just select that now. Well, as you can see here, it still looks fine.

It still looks pretty good. So don't let this worry if you don't get to it. But if you can do it, it's a little extra, a little bonus credit can help improve your performance.

Now, before you want to go, something I want to quickly mention, which is my Facebook ads mastermind group, which is my free Facebook group that you can join. There will be a link in the video description. And it's a fantastic community.

It's got over 10,000 members. It's full of business owners, marketers, entrepreneurs, Facebook ads, agency owners that want to get better results from Facebook, want to help each other out. So people post questions, they post ads for review, and experts jump in and answer those questions, help them out, etc, etc.

It's a fantastic community. I strongly recommend you join if you want better results from Facebook advertising. And we'd love to have you there.

So go ahead, click the link in the video description, ask to join. I'll approve the request. And yeah, we'd love to have you.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like. Please comment below to let me know. If you've got any questions, pop them in the comments below.

And of course, subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content. Thanks a lot guys. Bye bye.