Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about how you sell online courses with Facebook ads. Now a lot of people really want to sell online courses, training programs, information products, whatever you want to call them, using Facebook ads and using Instagram ads and the advantages are obvious. If you can sell an online course there's no cost of goods, it's infinitely scalable.

If you can find a system that works where there's a demand for your course, you've got a Facebook and Instagram ad campaign consistently generating sales, you can go from zero to very significant levels of sales very quickly. You don't have to buy a lot of inventory and you don't have to hire a lot of staff to deliver that service. So what a lot of people do is whatever field they're an expert in, they put a course together, probably spend a few months doing so, these things take a lot of time, they create their Facebook and Instagram ad campaign, they launch it and it doesn't work how they want it to.

It doesn't deliver sales like they want, perhaps often their cost of advertising is actually greater than the cost of the course itself. So they're losing money by generating sales and advertising it. And there are lots of things you need to put in place to have a sort of successful system that sells online courses with Facebook ads.

But the most important component, and I want to keep this video short, I'm going to focus on the most important component, is that you need a very warm audience and that is not a trivial thing. So for someone to buy a course from you, they need to be absolutely convinced that you're an expert in whatever field it is you're selling that course in. They need to be convinced not just that you have the expertise, but also you have information that can help them in their situation.

And that is a non-trivial thing, that's not an easy thing to do, it takes time. One video ad on Facebook and Instagram is not going to show them that you're an expert and get to the point where they're ready to buy. Because there are almost certainly alternatives, very good alternatives to whatever course, information, product, etc.

you're going to put together. Okay, so before you actually think about selling the course, you need to first think about, right, how do I take a group of people that I know are likely to be interested in what I have to offer, that you know are after results that you can help them get with the information you have, with the knowledge you have. And then take that group of people and make them your audience.

Really warm them up over time. Okay? And you can do that through a number of different ways.

So for example, I have a YouTube channel. YouTube channel gets tens of thousands, almost hundreds of thousands now views every single month. That's a fantastic way to build a really warm audience.

A lot of people who subscribe to my channel have watched 50 videos of mine, for example. I have a Facebook group, a Facebook ads mastermind group. It's got 22,000 people in there.

I'm in there every single day. There's thousands and thousands of people that are interacting in that. You can do it with Facebook and Instagram ads.

You know, you can take a group of people and consistently advertise pieces of content to them that demonstrate your expertise. You can show them case studies of previous work. I mean, I have about 95,000 people that like my Facebook page.

A lot of those people have come from those, that sorts of advertising, but it takes time. So my number one key to selling courses with Facebook ads is you need a really warm audience. If you don't have a really warm audience, I wouldn't say don't bother, but don't expect a lot.

If you don't have that warm audience, take the next six to 12 months. And yes, it does take a long time. No one's going to be convinced of your expertise in a week.

It's going to take months. That's the honest truth of it. It is going to take months and focus on taking that audience and making them your own, really demonstrating your expertise, really showing them, you know what you're talking about, really providing a lot of value.

And then once you have that audience, then you can run your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns directly to your warm audiences only to sort of go ahead and buy this. Or if you're going to do a launch model or something like that, that's who you advertise it to. And those are the people that are going to buy.

And those are the people that it won't actually cost you that much to generate a sale when you run those ad campaigns. And you're highly likely provided they're warm enough for those campaigns to be very profitable. Okay.

So hopefully that's been useful. Just before we go, a couple of things I want to mention. One is my five part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free.

There'll be a link in the video description below. This ad templates got a bunch of really high performing ads that we've created for our clients in a number of different industries. And you can download that.

You can model from those ads should really help you get better performance with your Facebook ads. If that's what you're after. And the other is one I've already mentioned is my Facebook ads mastermind group.

So again, there'll be a link in the description below. There's 22,000 people in there right now. It's growing all the time.

A community full of business owners, marketers, entrepreneurs that are trying to get better results with their Facebook advertising. I think there's now up to about 900 posts and comments every single day in that group, which is absolutely fantastic. Loads of people getting involved, helping each other out.

If you've got questions, join, go ahead and pop your questions in there. Again, link will be in the video description below. And yeah, if you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to my channel.

I release Facebook advertising related content very regularly. We'd, you know, I'd love to let you let me know if you found this useful. If you've got any comments, questions, pop them in the comments below.

I get to all the comments, so I will see it. And yeah, talk to you soon. Thanks guys.

Bye bye.