Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how I generate leads with Facebook groups and I do so every single day. It's a strategy that works really well. So make sure you stick around until the end of this video.

I'm going to go through my entire process of exactly how I've done it, how I've built up a system that provides me with leads every single day from Facebook groups. Now the first thing I'll say before I get into the strategy is some things that I don't do. Don't join lots of random groups that are somewhat related to my industry and spam them, which is something that a lot of people do.

They'll join a group, they'll post something about their product or service, the admin of the group will immediately remove the post as soon as they see it, they will ban them from the group. I do that all the time with my own group and if you do that enough your Facebook account will get suspended and even banned altogether. So don't do it, it's very time consuming, it's not very effective and as I said your posts are just going to get removed from the group admins and your account might get suspended.

So don't go ahead and spam lots of different groups. A far more effective way of generating leads with Facebook groups is to create your own Facebook group and use that as a lead generating machine. Now if you're thinking, oh I don't want to create my own Facebook group, I don't have a following, I don't have the resources or the time to go about doing that, it's a lot more straightforward than you think.

I've created a whole video about how to build, how to grow a Facebook group. If you check out the description of this video, there will be a link to that video. So if you're thinking, I don't want to create my own group, it's too much effort, too much time etc.

Watch that video first, go ahead, pause this video, watch that video, come back to this one, find out how you grow a Facebook group. And then in this one, I'm not going to focus on that specifically, I'm going to show you once you've got a group in place, how you can use it to basically be a lead generating machine for you. So quickly, what you can see on the screen now is my own Facebook group.

So it's called the Facebook Ads Mastermind Group. So my business is a Facebook advertising agency, we offer Facebook advertising services. And the first thing you want to do when thinking about how to turn your own Facebook group into a lead generation machine is you need to find ways to generate a lot of engagement.

You can have lots of members on a group, but if they're not engaged, if they're not interacting, that's not going to do a lot for you. So that's why I call my group the Facebook Ads Mastermind Group. Mastermind is, by definition, something that has a lot of interaction, a lot of engagement.

People are going to post comments and leave feedback for other group members. And that's what I hoped would happen, and that's exactly what does happen. So I'll show you what I mean.

So my group has 1600 members, it's not a huge group by any means, it's only about six months old. So it's growing all the time, and it already generates, as I said, leads every single day for my business, which is fantastic. So as I said, it's a mastermind group, which means it's a place where people can ask Facebook advertising related questions and get answers from me, but also from other group members.

There's a lot of Facebook advertising professionals in the group as well, besides just me and my company. And you can see if I just quickly show you the sort of thing that people, I'm going to explain that in a minute. People pop in, you're well seen here, good morning, how can I identify business owners on Facebook to target my ads to, or would LinkedIn be a better platform?

And then people jump in with questions. Here someone's asking, I need to advertise through a new company that does not have the pixel set up, etc. And again, some people have jumped in with answers for them.

We've got some other stuff here talking about the Facebook pixel that people have shared. So really great engaging stuff. There's multiple posts on this group every single day.

If you do want to check it out, by the way, and join, absolutely free to do so. There are no requirements other than, as I said, don't spam the group. Otherwise, I will remove your post and ban you from the group.

But if you check out the description of this video, there will be a link to this group if you want to go ahead and join and check it out and see some of the things that I'm explaining here. So what you want to do is set up your group in a way that naturally generates engagement, beyond just you telling them about you and your company and your products and stuff. So a mastermind, something where people are going to ask questions and offer answers is absolutely fantastic.

Then when you get new people join your group, you obviously have to approve their request to join your group. When you do, make sure you use an introductory message. So that's exactly what I've done here just before I did this video.

Over the weekend, I had 27 people asked to join the group, approve them all, and this is what I've simply written in here. So I've got, welcome to the group, guys. This is the place to get your Facebook advertising questions answered.

So get involved and post your questions. There's no such thing as a stupid question. Everyone is a beginner at some point.

And if someone else asks a question you know the answer to or have experience with, please jump in and help them out. A very warm welcome to, and then it's tagged all the new group members. So what this is doing is explaining how the group works to people, but it's also really encouraging people to get involved.

So I'm saying this is the place to get your questions answered. So go ahead and ask them. If you know the answer to a question, don't feel like you're stepping on anyone's toes, mine or anyone else.

Go ahead and offer an answer. So that's the first thing to set the scene is to get them engaging. Now when people are posting, at the beginning, you're not going to have other people jumping in and answering questions like I've got now.

You're going to have to do a lot of that yourself. That's a little bit of grunt work. It does take some time.

But go ahead. Ask questions about whatever it is your group is about. You want it to obviously be very related to your products or services.

Go ahead and answer questions and help people out. It can seem tedious, can take a lot of time. You might not see the rewards from it in the short run, but over the long run, as your group becomes more valuable to people, as it grows, it's going to be very, very valuable.

So go ahead and get that done and make sure you answer those questions. Now in terms of taking it from there, that's all you've got to do on an ongoing basis. In terms of taking it from there to a place where it can generate leads for you, what you want to do, this is what I do, this is the best strategy that I've found, is regularly post content into your group, but make sure that that content also includes a call to action.

So let me scroll down and find an example of that. There will be one somewhere. As I said, group gets fantastic interaction now.

Now I put content on here three times a week. Very, very often, you wouldn't have to do that as often, you could do once a week, once every two weeks even, depending on your business. There will be an example somewhere.

Here we go. Okay. Shared a post.

So this is a video that I created that's all about Facebook targeting. So Facebook targeting tutorial. I published it on YouTube, on my Facebook page, all that sort of stuff.

All I've done is I've just published the post in here as well. And then, obviously in the video itself, I've got a call to action at the end of it, like I do at the end of just about all my videos. But I've also got it within the video description here.

So you can see I've got other resources for other pieces of content. But also down here I've got, note you can download our free five part Facebook ad template here. So people can click on this link.

In fact, I'll show you what that does. Just so you can have a look. So then they get taken to this page where they can download my five part Facebook ad template.

That's a lead magnet. They can click get instant access. That'll send it to Facebook Messenger.

Those people are then on my Facebook Messenger subscriber list and I can message them on an ongoing basis. If I jump back here, that's the first call to action I've got. So that's adding people either to my Messenger list or my email list.

That's a small call to action. I've also got a big one. So as I said, we're a Facebook advertising agency.

We offer Facebook advertising services. The primary thing that we do, we manage and create Facebook ad campaigns for our clients. And I've got here, interest in our Facebook advertising services.

If you're doing £20,000, $25,000 plus per month in revenue, those are the businesses that we work with, I'd love to talk to you. You can book a free strategy session with me here. And then if I click on strategy, you can see they can come to this page, another page on my website, and they can book in a free 30 minute phone call with me here if they meet these criteria.

Now it sounds very straightforward, and it is, and I love straightforward strategies. They're often the most effective, but it works very well. This is a great way of generating leads.

And when you're doing it this way, when you're posting content with call to actions in the description, also include them at the end of your video for people who do watch the video, it's not very intrusive, not very offensive. If in your group you are constantly saying, this is our services, go ahead and buy now. It's quite jarring for your group members.

You can turn a lot of people off. But because we're doing it with content, we're providing the value first and wrapped up in that package, there's the call to actions. And you can keep doing this.

This is a very sustainable way of generating leads from a group, is you can keep posting this and sharing this information without burning out your group members. The other fantastic thing about using a Facebook group to do this, to generate leads, is that I'm the only one that can post about my products and services on this group. If anyone else does so, I will remove their post and I will ban them from the group.

And that's because it's my group. And those are the terms, you know, you read the about section of the group, it says that you can't promote your products and services. And what that means is that this is a place that doesn't get clogged up with any sort of spam messages, unwanted advertising, or anything like that.

Whereas if you are advertising in other locations, you can get lost in the noise. My stuff is always going to stand out because it's my group. And when you create your own group, you create your own Facebook group, it's yours.

It's up to you what goes on in there. And you can really set the stage and it can be a very effective strategy. So no matter what your call to action is, if you release a piece of content, once a week would probably be perfect.

I do a little bit more because I create a lot of content. That's every two weeks. And make sure you include your call to actions in the video description, if it's a video, in the video itself.

Again, if it's a video. If it's a blog post or something like that, again, include it as a little side note. You know, we've just got these asterisks notes just to grab people's attention.

If you're sending them to an article you've written off of Facebook, again, you can include the call to action on that article. It's something that we do all the time. And that's a very sustainable way of doing it and can work, as I said, really, really well.

And I generate leads from my Facebook group in this way every single day. So we have, I think, four or five people opt in for this just from the group every single day. And every week we'll have people booking in calls from my Facebook group.

In fact, we signed up a client literally a couple of days ago who said, I found you via your Facebook group. Very effective strategy. But it's important to note that when you first get started with this strategy, it's not going to deliver fantastic results.

So if you've only got 30, 40 people in your group when you first get started, you're unlikely to generate many leads. You're definitely not going to generate them every day like I do. You're going to have to take some time to build up your group.

So if you've got any other followings on any other social media platforms, an email list, anything like that, obviously promote your group to them. If that's not the case, that's absolutely fine. You can use the method I describe in that other video.

Again, that will be in the description of this video. Go ahead and watch that. It's very good, a very detailed process of how you grow a Facebook group very effectively.

But you're going to have to be patient with this. Most strategies for online lead generation, it does take time. Once your group has built up, as I said, mine's only six months old.

It's got 1,600 people in it. We have at least 10 new people added every single day. As it continues to grow, it's only going to grow faster.

Obviously, once your group starts to get to a certain number of members, when people start searching for groups that are to do with whatever it is that your industry is. So when people start searching for Facebook ads, we're starting to appear on that sort of first page of results alongside some of the other bigger Facebook advertising related groups. And it's only going to grow.

It's one of those things where a little bit of effort at the front is going to grow and grow and grow. So if you're generating leads from this every single day, in a year, two years' time, we're going to probably be able to generate huge numbers of leads from our Facebook group. And Facebook have recently announced that Facebook groups are going to become a very important part of the whole Facebook advertising experience.

They'd want to move away from some of the other elements of Facebook and focus on groups. So definitely something that you want to get involved with and do as soon as possible. So what I'd recommend you do is check out this group.

Obviously, if you're interested in Facebook groups generating leads with Facebook advertising, go ahead and check out my group. Join. Completely free to do so.

The link to it will be in the video description. If you've enjoyed this video and you're looking for more Facebook-related resources, Facebook advertising-related resources, make sure you subscribe to my YouTube channel. Give it a thumbs up.

If you've got any questions about this, leave them in the comments below. I answer all the comments. I will get to it.

And yeah, hopefully this has been really useful and I'll talk to you soon. Thanks a lot, guys. Feel free to do some more.

Bye.