Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to exclude people who like your Facebook page from your Facebook ad campaign. So why would you want to do that? Why would you want to exclude people that already like your Facebook page from your Facebook ad campaign so they don't see your Facebook ads?

Well there's a number of reasons. Number one is you might be running an introductory offer that's only available to new customers and perhaps the people who like your page are primarily existing customers and you don't want them to see an offer in an ad that's not available for them that might annoy them if they realise that they can't take advantage of it. That's probably the most common case.

You also may have the situation where you started your business, you set up a Facebook page, you invited all your Facebook friends to like that page, it's very common and a lot of people don't want to therefore run ads to primarily their Facebook friends that they know aren't representative of their target market, of the people they want to reach, they're not going to be interested in their products and services so why waste money advertising to those people? And some people just straight up don't want their Facebook friends, their friends and family who have liked their page to see what they're up to on Facebook. They don't want to put their ads in front of them, I don't really see the issue with that but I've had conversations with people that want to avoid that and that will help you do this here.

So it's very simple to do, just going to be a quick video today. So here I am inside a demonstration Facebook ad account and to exclude people that already like your page, it's very simple to do. So you just want to go into obviously the campaign you're going to run as an ad, I'm just going to go into this example CBO campaign.

This is just as I said, there's loads of example stuff in there, don't worry about any of this, it's just for demonstration purposes. You want to go to the ad set level, click edit as I've just done and then you want to scroll down to connections which is beneath the detailed targeting section and what you'll see is that connections here you want to click on add a connection type and you can advertise or not advertise exclude people who are connected to your business a certain way, either interact with your app, events, pages and simply here we want to select the option under Facebook pages that says exclude people who like your page. Then you want to add in your page name in here, I'm not going to do that because you'll see all the pages that are added to my business manager but just add your page name in there, make sure you select the right one if you have multiple pages in your business manager account like I do and that's it, very very simple to do.

One thing to note is that if you're running a page likes campaign, so you're running an ad campaign to generate Facebook page likes and you obviously want to exclude people that have already liked your page because what's the point in advertising to them, that's a waste of money, Facebook will do that for you automatically. So if you select the page likes objective when you first create your Facebook ad campaign, this will be added in automatically, people who already like your page will automatically be excluded. So very simple to do and that's how you do it.

Now before you go, something I want to quickly mention I think you're going to find really really interesting if you want better results from your Facebook ad campaigns and that's a free training that I've created on Facebook advertising strategy. So this training is called Three Killer Facebook Ad Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. Now as I said from the title you can tell that that training is all about strategy and obviously strategy is really really important.

Different businesses need to use different strategies when it comes to Facebook advertising. If you're offering a $50 product or a £30,000 service, you need to advertise those in different ways. You can't use the same thing.

There's no one size fits all when it comes to Facebook advertising even though a lot of people say that there is. Trust me there's no one size fits all. So that's what that training is all about.

It's showing you the strategies that we use. There's three strategies that we use with our clients. We generated seven plus figures with all three.

They're tried and tested, worked very very well and I show you look if you've got this type of business you want to use this strategy. If you've got this type of business you want to use this strategy. So if you're there sort of running Facebook ad campaigns and thinking is this the right approach?

Is this the right way of doing it? That training is going to answer all those questions. It's completely free.

There will be a link in the video description. It's about 60-70 minutes long. I'd strongly recommend you watch the entire thing.

I think you find it really really valuable. And yeah, so go ahead and watch that. If you found this video useful, please give it a like.

Please give it a thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content. I release that on a regular basis.

And yeah, I'll talk to you soon. Thanks guys. Bye bye.