Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video I'm going to address a big question, and that's how much should you spend on Facebook ads? It's a question I get asked all the time. Without knowing anything about people's businesses, it's impossible for me to say, but by making a few calculations based on your numbers, you can work out how much you should spend and what an appropriate starting budget for your business would be.

So I've summarized this all in an article I wrote called How to Set a Facebook Ad Budget for Your Business in 2019. If you just go to my website, leadguru.co.uk forward slash Facebook Ad Budget, you can find it, and I'll include that in the video description here on YouTube. But I wanted to create a video about that because I thought me talking through it would be useful for some people.

So what I'm gonna do is, gonna scroll down this article and get to the part where we start making the calculations. In fact, I think I've gone past it. Yes, I have, here we go.

How to Calculate Your Facebook Ad Budget. So what I've done here is I've used an example business, and that's probably an easier way for me to explain it in video format as well. So let's take an example of a business.

Let's say it's a local service business, right? Now let's say the first thing we need to calculate is their conversion rate from leads to customers. So in this case, let's say that one in five leads goes on to become a customer, so they have a 20% conversion rate.

Now we now know that they're gonna need, on average, five leads to generate one customer. First thing we need to calculate, that's great. Now we need to work out what they're willing to pay to acquire a customer.

So scrolling down further, you can see that, let's say the average lifetime customer value for this service based business is a thousand pounds. And let's say that 250 pounds of that is billed up front. You know, these are not unrealistic numbers, by the way.

We've worked with a business that had this exact numbers, that's what I used as an example. Now, most people, when advertising on Facebook, will look at those numbers, and they won't think of the lifetime customer value. They'll just think of the 250 pounds, and I think, right, 250 pounds is what the customer's worth to me, therefore what am I willing to pay to acquire that customer?

25 pounds, 50 pounds, something like that. In my opinion, that's not enough. That customer's worth a lot more money to you over their lifetime.

I think you should be willing to pay a lot more. In fact, what I would recommend to most advertisers, people advertising on Facebook, business owners, is that if you can break even, no better than that, obviously, if you can do better than that on Facebook, fantastic. Why wouldn't you?

But I think you should be happy to go all the way up to the point where you just break even on the initial transaction. In fact, maybe if your business model is strong, and you know there's going to be a lot of repeat business, you might even be willing to make a loss on that initial transaction. So in this case, if the average customer's worth 1,000 pounds, and 250 pounds of that is what they get up front, I would recommend that that business should be willing to pay up to 250 pounds per customer.

Now, if we plug that back in, 250 pounds a customer, they need five leads to get a customer, that means they can pay 50 pounds per lead, as opposed to needing to pay, let's say, 10 pounds per lead, or five pounds per lead as they did before. This is really, really important, because if you don't know that you can actually afford to pay up to 50 pounds per lead, you might run a Facebook ad campaign, you might generate leads for 20 pounds each, run it for a couple of weeks, conclude that that's too expensive, and never advertise on the platform again, even though it could be a fantastic source of business. Because honestly, as a business owner, if you had a magic machine where you could put in 250 pounds, or let's take another example, let's say you could put in $100, and you could get $500 back out, of course you would do that.

You would do that all day long, provided obviously, factoring in your margin into that $500, and things like that. And a lot of business owners, when I speak to them, seem to say, to get that $500 customer, I'm only willing to spend $50. So the first thing I would say about this, is I would encourage you to be willing to spend more to acquire a customer.

Really figure out what that customer is worth to you, and go up to the point at which you cannot pay anymore. For a lot of businesses that I work with, that might be break even, or it might be, if they're a product based company, and there's margin involved, we might say that, look, on the initial transaction, we need the cost per purchase, to be half the order value, and we know we'll make a lot more money on them with subsequent purchases. So that's the first thing.

So we now know what this company is willing to pay to acquire a customer. It's 250 pounds, going back to our example here. So if we scroll down, we now need to calculate, how many customers does this business want, or in the short term, obviously you might say, as many as possible.

But realistically, you probably have capacity issues, you probably have a target for, we would love to get to X amount per month. So let's say with this business, small business, as an example, they want three new clients per month. Okay, in that case, that means they're gonna need to generate 15 leads, because obviously one in five leads goes on to become a customer.

So if we calculate their maximum cost per lead of 50 pounds, we times that by the number of leads that they need to generate in order to reach their target customers, 750 pounds is a reasonable budget for them to use. Now, of course, you could start lower than this to test this out first. So you could, for example, spend 150 pounds in your first month to make sure that you can generate leads for 50 pounds or less, and then look to scale from there.

You could, of course, start with the 750 pounds, and if it's working really well, hire some more staff, you know, grow your business, whatever it is your business model is, and look to scale from there. But if you're thinking in your mind, right, I'm willing to pay up to X, I want this many new customers per month. So in this case, the business is willing to pay 250 pounds per new customer.

They want three new customers per month. Therefore, they're gonna need to generate 15 leads. Budget of 750 pounds per month is very, very reasonable.

And when you run through these calculations, I don't want to sort of scare you guys, the number that you end up with might be quite a lot higher than you want it to be, or perhaps you can afford. If you can't afford it, as I said, start small, prove it works, and then get up to this level. But it does also require a bit of a mind shift.

You should not see any sort of marketing or advertising as an expense. You should see it as an investment. Because if it's working, why wouldn't you want to spend as much as possible?

Why wouldn't you want that number, that advertising, you know, the amount you're spending on Facebook per month to be as high as possible, whilst you're still achieving your primary KPI? So in this case, whilst you're still generating leads for 50 pounds or less. Provided you can keep generating leads for 50 pounds or less, you would want that to be as high as possible, provided obviously you can deal with the capacity of the new clients, because that means your business is growing and is doing very well.

Don't try and minimise this number. Try and find a way to make it profitable so that you've got that magic machine. You know, you've got the $100 you put in, you take $500 out.

You can just keep going and you can scale from there. So it does require a little bit of a mind shift. And a lot of people talk about wanting to get great results out of a relatively small advertising budget and Facebook just like any other advertising platform.

If you can get it to work, why not go as big as possible, provided you can deal with the capacity. And using this approach is a real competitive advantage that you'll have, because the number that you come up with in terms of what you're willing to pay to acquire a new customer, in this case £250, is probably going to be higher than what your competitors are comfortable with. And if it is higher, that's a huge competitive advantage, because now when the cost of Facebook advertising rises, or when you're competing for a market segment with your customers, you're going, you guys think you can only pay up to £250 to acquire a customer.

We can pay £250. Therefore, we can outbid you on any sort of ad platform or anything like that. Huge competitive advantage.

And tons of big businesses that you operate, you interact with on a daily basis have this sort of model. You know, you think of McDonald's, tons of advertising, TV ads and things like that. Well, there's no way that they make money on showing a TV ad to people, and then coming into a McDonald's and purchasing a burger and fries the first time.

They will most certainly lose money once you factor in the cost of advertising, and all the other costs associated with that initial transaction. There's no way they make money. They lose money on that initial transaction.

But they know that they can make a lot of money if you go back to that same McDonald's, you know, once a month, once a week maybe for the next 10 years, then they can make a fortune. I'd encourage you to think the same way, because a lot of the reasons that's why a lot of these big businesses have got into the position that they were. They were willing to pay more to acquire a customer, and it was a massive competitive advantage, and they were able to grow as a result.

So, as I said, hopefully that's really useful. You can come and check out this video. This article, sorry, the link to it will be in the video description.

You can go through and make these calculations for your business. Doesn't mean you need to start at this level, but this is what you can work your way up to. And of course, if it does work, you can go even beyond.

So, hopefully you found this useful. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. Got any questions, pop in the comments below.

And just before you go, there's something I want to mention, which is my five-part Facebook ad template, which is a document that contains a number of really well-performing ads, and that we've created for a number of different clients. You can use this template to create your own ads. You can model from the ads we've created.

Should really help you improve your Facebook advertising results. You can download it for free. All you've got to do is click on the other link in the video description, take you through to my website, and you'll be able to download it there.

So, bye for now. Best of luck with it. Thanks a lot, guys.