It is without a doubt harder to succeed with Facebook ads when you have a new ad account, but it is still possible. And in this video, I'm going to show you what you should do if you have a new Facebook ad account, and most importantly, what you shouldn't do. Now, new Facebook ad accounts don't have the data, they don't have the conversion history that more established Facebook ad accounts do.

And that's why it's harder to produce results, because the way Meta's machine learning, the way their AI works, is they use data from what's already taken place to inform how the campaigns should be optimised going forward. So for example, let's say you've run a Facebook ad campaign, and Meta's calculated that women aged 42 who are interested in cats and trampolining are most likely to convert, right? If that's what Meta has seen from the data, they will then use that data to inform who to put your ads in front of going forward.

So they will put them in front of women in their early 40s who are into cats and trampolining if that happens to be the case. And there are all sorts of other data points that Meta can use if your campaigns have already been running and already generated conversions, things like how many impressions on average does someone need before they're ready to buy? What time of day?

What day of the week are people most likely to convert? There's all sorts of data points that Meta can use, but they can only do so if you have data and you have a conversion history. With a brand new ad account, it's much more difficult.

And it means that you don't get to benefit from Meta's really powerful machine learning process, really powerful AI to work out all those various points right at the beginning. Everyone's in the same boat. Everyone has to start with a new ad account, but that is just something you need to be aware of.

And because new Facebook ad accounts don't convert as well as established ones, that leads a lot of advertisers to change what they are doing, specifically the campaign type, the campaign objective that they use with a new ad account. Instead of creating a sales campaign that's optimizing for purchases, they will optimize for landing page views. They could do that within a sales campaign or within a traffic campaign.

It doesn't make any difference. If you are optimizing, if your performance goal is get me as many clicks as possible, that's going to function like a traffic campaign. Meta advertisers will do this.

A lot of people recommend this, even sometimes meta reps, which is absolutely insane, because that is not good advice. So let's take a person that hasn't exercised in 10 years, and they've decided that they want to run a marathon. That's the equivalent of your Facebook ad account.

Brand new to, in this case, exercise. Can't do it very well yet, but they decided they want to run a marathon. If that person came to you and they said, I'm going to run a marathon, but I'm not very good at running.

So the way I'm going to get good at running and be prepared for my marathon is by getting in the swimming pool and practicing swimming. You'd be like, well, okay, I suppose by swimming, you might get a bit fitter, which is going to help with the marathon. But to be honest, I think you'd be better off just by actually running, by practicing running to get better at running so that you can run the marathon.

I know you won't be very good at running at the beginning, but if you just keep practicing, you will get better. It's the exact same thing with a new Facebook ad account. If you want sales, if you want leads, yes, your new Facebook ad account is not going to be very good at getting you those things early on.

But it doesn't mean that you should do something different. It doesn't mean that you should therefore go for a traffic campaign that's going to be even worse at getting you sales and leads than a sales or leads campaign in a new Facebook ad account. You're much better off just going through that sticky patch, just like someone that wants to learn how to run a marathon or prepare for running a marathon.

They should just run. They shouldn't go swimming instead. Now, hopefully that makes sense because new ad accounts can still generate conversions.

There's this myth out there that they can't. They absolutely can. Yes, you don't have this historical data that Meta can use to optimize the campaign, and that means your results aren't as good.

But Meta still can optimize your campaigns, along with you as the advertiser, by the way. But Meta still can optimize your ad campaigns by using real-time data. Things like linger time over the ad.

Who clicks on the ad? These things happen immediately, and Meta can start to plug in. Okay, we haven't got enough conversion data yet to work out that 42-year-old women that are interested in cats and trampolining are likely to be interested in this product.

But we can see that that group of people are clicking on the ad. That group of people are spending more time on the ad. They're clicking the see more button to read the rest of the primary text.

Okay, we think we're onto something, and they will start to go down that line, and they can use that to start to optimize very quickly. And that's why if you can run a campaign, even if it's not working great at the beginning, but stick with it, you will get to the point where the ad account learns, it learns fast, and not that long down the line, you could be seeing significantly better results because of the data that you've generated, even if you're not generating tons of conversions yet. If you go with what a lot of people recommend, including, as I mentioned, some Meta reps, it can lead to very misleading results.

And actually, I think that's probably why Meta reps recommend that you optimize for, say, landing page views with a new ad account. It's because what they don't want is they don't want advertisers joining the platform, seeing in the results column not a lot happening and deciding this isn't for them. They'd rather tell an advertiser that you should be running effectively a traffic campaign, so that in the results column, you can see a whole bunch of link clicks and you feel like your campaign is doing something, even if it isn't.

And that's why people make this shift, and that's why it's recommended so much. They feel like their campaign is doing something when you're optimizing for something top of funnel, because if you run a traffic campaign, you will generate link clicks. Are those people who are clicking going to go on and purchase going to go and become a lead?

Probably not. So it's very misleading. You feel like you're getting, you're moving forward and you're making progress and you're not.

Much better to actually optimize for what you want, lead sales, et cetera. And even if the number of those is small, you're actually getting some of what you want and you know that it'll improve over time. Okay, so there are some specific adjustments that I would recommend you make when you're using a new Facebook ad account.

I'll get to those in a second. Before I do, I just want to quickly let you know about our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. And honestly, if you're spending more than 5k a month on ads, you should just work with us.

No, I can't say that. My agency can create, manage, and optimize your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for you. We can take that workload off your hands and help you get much better results.

If you're interested, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, come through to a page on our website where you can book in a free call to find out more, find out if we've worked with a company just like yours in the past. We probably have at this point.

So go ahead and book a free call and hopefully we get a chance to work together. Now in this video, I've been highly critical of changing your campaign type, changing your campaign objective if you've got a new Facebook ad account. So you shouldn't switch from sales to traffic.

You shouldn't switch from optimizing for conversions, purchase events specifically to say landing pages. Not good. But there are some adjustments that I do recommend you make if you've got a new Facebook ad account.

The first thing is that I wouldn't recommend you go completely broad or open targeting straight away. That's where you have no targeting criteria and you just target everyone and you let Meta work it out. Because the ad account is new, Meta is going to have a much harder time of working out who to target from the entire population or the entire area in which you are operating.

Instead, I think it's best to give Meta some direction. Now, if you're using the original audience setup where you're adding in things like interest and they are hard boundaries, that's fine. But you could also go with a bit of a hybrid, which is advantage plus audience, where you're saying to Meta, these targeting inputs that I'm giving you are suggestions.

So I suggest that you target people who are in their 40s, interested in cats, interested in trampolining. But you know what, if you find that there are other categories of people that are more likely to convert, by all means, go ahead and advertise to them. So I think advantage plus audience is a good way to go for new ad accounts to give their suggestions.

I've created videos on advantage plus audience and how that works. I'll include a link in the description so you can check that out. I also wouldn't recommend that you start with advantage plus shopping campaigns with a new Facebook ad account.

Advantage plus shopping campaigns are great, quite different to advantage plus audience, by the way. And there are lots of advantage plus products that can make things confusing, but I just wanted to clarify that. But with advantage plus shopping, it's enforced open targeting.

You can't add in any targeting inputs and you're running into a lot of the issues that I just mentioned. So I really like advantage plus shopping as a campaign type. I absolutely think that advertisers should be using it, but not right away.

I would also recommend that you reduce the number of variables if you're operating out of a new account. By variables, I mean campaigns, ad sets, and ads. If you've got a brand new ad account and you go ahead and create 15 different campaigns, each with lots of different ad sets, lots of different ads, that's so many different variables that Meta has to try and work out how best to deliver.

The learning is spread thin. If you think about your spending, let's say $100 a day across 15 different campaigns, the difference there between spending $100 a day on one campaign is that that one campaign is going to learn much faster. The spend, the data is going to be consolidated into that one campaign as opposed to across a whole bunch.

The same applies to multiple ad sets, same applies to multiple ads. So with new ad accounts, we like to keep things quite simple. Just go with one, two, a handful of campaigns if you've got a reasonable budget and you've got lots of product lines that you want to sell.

And then not too many ad sets within each campaign. And again, two, three ads at the most, something like that within those ad sets because it just really helps consolidate that data, which helps your ad account learn faster, which gives you better results. Most businesses also want to start small when they're operating out of a new ad account.

Firstly, because the ad account, as we know and as we discussed, is not going to perform as well in the early days as it will when we get later down the line. So that's the first reason. You don't want to spend a lot of money on an ad account that isn't sort of prepared yet, hasn't matured, hasn't got that data and can't optimize the campaign as well as it will be able to later down the line.

The other reason is because you as an advertiser probably need to work things out. If you're new to the platform, there are all sorts of nuances and you'll test things and go, okay, that didn't work and test other things that didn't work. Oh, but we tested this and that did work.

Much better to start small, work out what works for your business and then scale from there. Yes, it requires a bit more patience, but I'd encourage most advertisers to go down that way. What you don't want to do is start out of the gate really strong, spend a bunch, lose money because you haven't worked it out yet or Meta's not able to optimize yet or a combination of the two and then get disheartened and move away from the platform.

That's not going to help you long term. So start small and scale from there. What small is will massively depend on the business.

Some businesses small is going to be $10 a day. Some businesses small is going to be $10,000 a day. Really depends where you are and the finances and what sort of conversion, sale, lead, volume, you need to generate for it to be worth it for your business.

And speaking of scaling, once you have worked it out for your business, in this video here, I show you the right way to scale Facebook ads for the best possible results. It's easy to mess things up when you try to scale. If you don't know what you're doing, go ahead and check it out.