Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to get customers from Facebook groups. I think this will be a very very interesting topic for Facebook marketers. Before I get into it, I just want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my channel for more Facebook marketing related content.

So the very first thing that I want to get across, and it's probably the most important message of this video, is the absolute best way to get customers, leads, sales, whatever from Facebook groups, which can be a great source of all of those, is to build your own Facebook group. I really don't think it's effective and would not recommend to anyone that you try and spam other people's Facebook groups in order to try and get customers. You are almost certainly going to be banned from those groups, you certainly would be from mine, and it's just not that effective.

People see through it and you end up spending a lot of time doing something that just is a little bit gross, to be perfectly honest. It doesn't work, not the right way to go. By far the best way to get customers from Facebook groups, and you can do it on an enormous scale, is to build your own Facebook group.

So I've got an example here, my group called the Facebook Ads Mastermind Group, which you can of course join by the way if you haven't done so already. There's a link in the description, go ahead and join. It is one of the absolute largest communities of Facebook advertisers in the world.

You can see we've got 136 and a half, as of the recording of this video, thousand members, which is absolutely incredible. It's been going for about just under three and a half years now, and it is an unbelievably valuable asset to my business, this. We generate seven figures in client fees and core sales and things like that from this group.

It is, yeah, very, could not be happier that I built this group. And in this video, because I've already told you that the way you get customers from Facebook groups is to build your own group, I want to give you some tips and techniques around how you can go about successfully building your own Facebook group. So the very first thing I would say is that you want to run ads, in my opinion, to get it going in the first place.

I think that it can be very difficult to gain traction, but once you've got to a certain point where there is a community on there and people are engaging and they're discussing things with each other and they're asking questions and getting them answered, people doing that with other people, it's then tremendously valuable. But giving it a push to get there in the first place. Now, the most effective method that I found for growing a group, a Facebook group, using ads is not actually to advertise the group directly.

It's instead to make sure that your Facebook page is linked with your Facebook group. You then run Facebook page like campaigns, which you can still do. People think you can't, but the page like objective is just under engagement.

It's just been tucked under. So if you click on engagement, when you're creating a Facebook ad campaigns, you will see page like as an option under there. You run a page like campaign, you get people to like your page, and then you can send invites for free for people that like your page to join your group.

And that sort of two-step process seems to work a lot better. I think it's less involved, less daunting than someone not knowing who you are, to straightaway joining your Facebook group. That strategy that works incredibly well.

I've got a lot more details on exactly how to implement that strategy. I'll include that in a video below. There'll be a link in the video description below to a video that shows you how to do that.

So you can check that out for more details. But that's the first way to do it. Give it that boost to start with.

Second thing I'd recommend is that in those early times, so let's say less than 5,000 members, something like that, you as the group owner or someone from your company wants to engage a lot. You want to really boost that engagement. The value that your members get from your Facebook group, which in turn means they'll stay, invite other people, then engage themselves, all of which creates more value, comes from other users' activity.

So you want to be in there driving that, asking questions, putting out polls. If someone asks a question and no one else jumps in and answers it, you answer it yourself. You want to engage as frequently and as often as you can.

That's certainly what I did when my group was first growing. There's no way I could do that anymore. It's far too large and it's not necessary because this thing has become a monster that's growing all by itself, grows at 5,000, 6,000 members a month all by itself at this point because we've got so much engagement, so many people find it.

It shows up in search. We will search in Facebook up here because it's got so many members and looks so active, all that sort of stuff. So we don't need to do that anymore.

But at the beginning, you want to engage personally as much as you can. The third thing, I think this is really, really important, is to moderate your group very, very specifically. Do not allow it to descend into a place that tolerates spam or members not being overly nice to each other.

We all know that these sorts of activities happen online all the time if unchecked. Really treat this group like your baby and and approach it in a way that you want to protect the integrity of the group, protect what's going on, not allow other members to repeatedly spam the group. Remove those people.

Not allow people to, as I said, be overly critical to others or even abusive sometimes. So for example, one of the things that we've done and obviously you want to set out, I'll jump here over here now, we've set out our group rules with the things that we don't allow. You can't ask people to private message, direct message you, no promotional posts, no posts with affiliate links, all that sort of stuff, the regular stuff you'd expect.

But on top of that, we also have moderators and moderation rules in place where every single post that someone wants to put in the group has to be reviewed by a moderator first and approved to make sure that it doesn't break these rules. So we take group moderation and ensuring the quality and integrity of the discussions on the group itself are really good. Now, of course, there's tons of beginners on here.

So it's not like we're screaming for advanced clever questions. No, you can ask anything you want and absolutely go ahead and people should do that. But you don't need to have a go at anyone else and you don't need to be promoting your own stuff unnecessarily.

You certainly don't need to be using affiliate links to other products. None of that is allowed to go up. So that's three quick tips.

And if you want a lot more information about how to grow a Facebook group, I've created a whole course on this called Facebook Group Insiders. And there'll be a link in the video description below. Strongly looking to check it out.

It's my least expensive course that I sell, but it still goes into a lot of detail, shows you exactly how I built my group. There's a number of different strategies for growing a group. In fact, a number of different ad related strategies and a number of different non ad related strategies.

So whether you've got budget and you want to do this really quickly, or you don't want to spend too much money on it, you want to grow it organically, you're covered. I strongly recommend checking it out. There's a 14 day guarantee on the course, just like, you know, the other courses that I sell, I said, this is my least expensive course, go ahead, check it out and see if it's for you.

And I think if you're interested in growing a Facebook group or interested in getting customers from Facebook groups, the best way to do it is to grow a Facebook group. And the best way to do that is to grab this course and just follow through the steps. I show exactly how I did it and how I built this monstrously that I mean, truly monstrously valuable asset.

You can imagine what 135,000 and growing members means to a business like mine in terms of the customers and clients we generate from it. It's just incredible. So I strongly recommend it.

Go ahead and check that out. And if you've got any questions, pop in the comments below. If you liked this video, please give a thumbs up.

And of course, subscribe to my channel for more Facebook marketing related content. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye for now.