Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to generate tons of quick sales with Facebook ads. Now the technique I'm about to describe isn't something that I see a lot of Facebook advertisers using all that often, I don't really know why. It's a fantastic thing to have in your arsenal, to have in your back pocket for when you need to generate a lot of revenue very very quickly or perhaps if you just want to you know generate a lot of sales because increasing revenue and making more profit is fun, it's what we're all in business for.

So I think that a lot of Facebook advertisers should use this from time to time. Before I get into that I just want to quickly mention that at the end of this video I'm going to tell you about a free Facebook advertising resource that I think you're going to find very very interesting so make sure you stick around to the end of the video for that. Now how do you go about generating a ton of quick sales with Facebook ads?

Basically there's two components to getting a lot of people to take action right now okay and that's an incentive and urgency. You need to incentivize people to take action. People don't want to take action, they're going about their lives, your prospects, maybe perhaps your previous customers that you want to reactivate are doing things that are important to them.

If you want to get them to do something that's important to you, you need to make it important to them as well. So you need to incentivize the action. You also need to make it urgent.

So if you incentivize action with a great offer but they can access that today, tomorrow, in a month's time, six months time, a lot of people will just put it off. Again human nature. We're all cracking on with things that we want to be busy with.

We you know this is not on our agenda and no Facebook ad is on someone's agenda before they see it. So how do you go about doing that? How do you incentivize action?

How do you generate that urgency? The best way is very very simple. It's not new.

It's been done for forever when it comes to marketing and that's a flash sale. Now you can tie a flash sale into a specific event. So Black Friday is the classic one right?

Black Friday, Cyber Monday, everyone runs these flash sales. And maybe you take advantage of that already. People do flash sales around Valentine's Day, around Easter, around all sorts of holidays.

But you don't just have to limit yourself to national holidays and things like that. You can just run a flash sale for the sake of it. I mean you could even come up with something that's specific to your industry.

I've seen tons of businesses do this where perhaps they sell I don't know, soap and they say oh it's national soap day on Thursday. There is no national soap day. They just made it up.

Nothing to stop them making it up. And then they run a flash sale alongside that. So you can come up with all sorts of reasons to run a flash sale or you can literally just say we're running a flash sale.

But flash sales are underappreciated and very much valued. You can't do it all the time. You cannot run a flash sale all the time.

Your customers will sort of become skeptical of it. You've probably seen the sort of thing I'm talking about where you know a sofa company might advertise on TV and they're running their biggest ever sale every week of the year. It seems a bit fishy.

But every now and then, every six weeks, two months, maybe every three months, running a flash sale is a great technique. And doing so with Facebook ads works so well because you get it in front of tons of people very, very fast and they will take action. If your product or service is something that you know they're interested in, but they get 30% off or 50% off or even 75% off or they get a free thing or you know, they get, I don't know, some sort of special access, something that's limited in time, but it's only available for three days or it's only available for five days.

The combination of the incentive of the discount or the free add-on and the urgency. It's only available for five days or we've only got a hundred. Once the hundred have sold out, they're gone.

Some sort of urgency there can really help you generate a lot of customers, generate a lot of revenue and that can really help improve your results. So what I'm going to do is I'm in an example Facebook ad account right now and I'm going to demonstrate a bit of an example campaign of how we go about setting something like this up. So you just want to click on the green plus create button.

I'm going to, it's on the existing campaign, but I don't know why I want new campaigns. I'm going to call this example flash sale campaign. Auction, yeah, obviously special ad category if you need it.

Campaign objective, I want to change from traffic to conversions most likely. I mean, this depends how your campaign is set up, exactly what it is you're looking to do, but most people when they're running a flash sale want people to inquire and become a lead or they want to generate sales. So conversions is going to be the option you want to use most of the time.

You might also want to use lead generation or perhaps messages if you want people to send your Facebook page a message if you're a service provider and that's how you'd rather sort of nurture your leads. That's absolutely fine, but most people are going to want to select conversions. I'd recommend turning on campaign budget optimization.

I've got videos about that. I'll leave the explanation as to why for those. Set a daily budget that you're happy with.

One thing I would say with a flash sale budget is don't be too conservative. You're only going to run this thing for let's say three days. Most of the time, most of the flash sales I run are three days.

Sometimes they're five days, but let's say they're three days. You don't want to sort of spend, I don't know, $20 a day. You spend $60 and it didn't really do that much.

Spend a bit more. You can't just run the flash sale again three days later. It's not really authentic and your customers catch on to it.

So spend whatever a reasonable amount is for your budget. I mean, let's say your regular Facebook advertising, you spend a thousand dollars a month and you want to run a three day flash sale, perhaps half of your regular monthly budget for those three days is appropriate. So you'd spend $500 on the three day flash sale.

Where that is for you completely depends. Some companies will be a lot more, some will be less, et cetera, et cetera. Okay.

And I'm going to call this just example ad set. And then we've got example ad down here. Right.

I'm going to save that to draft. Okay. So that's the campaign level taken care of.

Very, very straightforward. And we're going to go about sorting out our flash sale. You can leave everything else I've already discussed.

So now we're at the ad set level, right? So this is an example ad account, by the way, you're going to see all sorts of errors. Just ignore those.

I'm going to focus on the elements of this that are important and different to the regular campaigns that you would create. Now, one of the things that we need to talk about is who you target with a flash sale. In general, flash sales work much better to warm audiences.

So what I mean by warm audiences, I mean, people that have bought from you previously, that's a fantastic audience to run a flash sale to people on your email list, whether they've bought or not, again, a really good audience, people who've had previous exposure to you and your brand, people who visited your website. Those are the three warm audiences that are my first go-to is when it comes to running a flash sale, because particularly if someone has, let's say someone's bought from you previously, if they know that your product or service is high quality and they can get it right now for X amount of discount, but they've just been waiting, putting it off, haven't bought, they're going to go, aha, brilliant, I've been thinking about getting one of those, right, I'll grab it right now whilst it's at the discount. And that means they're not going to buy it from one of your competitors, they're not going to put it off for a year and maybe never get to it, they're going to buy from you in that three-day window.

Okay, so that is, my first port of call is going to be people that are very, very warm, it's going to be website visitors, email list, previous customers. Again, if someone visited your website, I don't know, a month ago but didn't buy, perhaps they were interested, but I don't know, it's a bit too expensive or they weren't quite ready yet, flash sale is going to get them to take action because they know they can only get 25% off, you know, for the next three days, right. If you don't have those, if you don't have much website visitors, many people on your email list, many people who have bought from you previously, then we go to the next rundown.

The next rundown is warm audiences that are on Facebook and Instagram. So that would be people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, that would be people who have liked your page, engaged with your profile, stuff like that, interacted with your business on Facebook or Instagram. Those audiences are usually much larger, particularly if you've already been running ad campaigns, those audiences are usually much larger than your customer list, email list, website visitors, not always but usually.

And that's a great next option to go to if you don't have that first tier. If you're literally just getting started and you don't have that first tier, you don't have the second tier of on Facebook and Instagram warm audiences, then you can run this to cold audiences. It is not as effective.

I'll be completely honest with you guys. If you want to run a flash sale to completely cold audiences, you are going to generate more purchases during those three days or more leads than you normally would just running to running regular campaigns to cold audiences, but you can do it to cold audiences. This is more effective when running to cold audiences if you are a local business and perhaps you can advertise in a community.

It's not something I wouldn't do if you don't have those two chunks of warm audiences. I would still run a flash sale, but just be aware that this is a strategy that will work much, much better when you have warm audiences, just like most Facebook advertising. But I think it's accentuated with flash sale campaigns, being able to advertise them to people that have already interacted with your business.

Because you just got to think about the psychology of something. Most purchasing decisions people do a bit of research into, they think about it, they might ask a friend, ask a spouse. If they've already interacted with your business before, there's a reasonable chance they've been through some of those steps.

They've been through the thinking about it, working out if they really need it. Then when your special offer comes up, they can just take action. They haven't got to go through those steps.

Okay, so if that makes sense. So I've got all sorts of videos on how to create custom audiences of email lists, website visitors, previous customers, people who have watched videos of yours on Facebook, who engage with your Instagram profile. So I'll include a link in the video description below that shows you how to create those custom audiences.

So if you don't know the technicalities of that, that's not what I'm going to get into here. Go ahead and check out those custom audience videos, show exactly how to sort out all the targeting options in here. But that's my big takeaway with flash sales is where possible focus on warm audiences.

If you've got a bit of a mixture, so you have some website visitors, you have some people on email lists, but not many, then create an ad set that has got all your warm audiences in it, website visitors, things like that. But also then create a cold audience ad set. And if you use campaign budget optimization, then Facebook will divert budget accordingly.

They'll probably start in day one of your flash sale with your warm audiences, and then switch to more cold audiences once you've burnt those people out. Okay, but where possible, as I say, warm audiences is the focus. Right, let's now go to the ad level.

There's other settings at the ad set level, I've got other videos that talk all about that. This was really focusing on who you want to target when it comes to flash sale campaigns and generating a ton of quick sales with Facebook ads, which is the idea of this video. Right.

So when it comes to the ad, what do you want to include in the ad itself? I think you want to not beat around the bush here, be very, very straightforward. The offer should be strong enough to sell itself.

So all you want to do is make sure that people can see what the offer is at an absolute glance. So for example, up in our primary text, we might have something like, biggest sale ever with, you know, some fire emojis or something alongside it. Okay.

By the way, if you want to know how to put emojis into a Facebook ad and text in a Facebook ad, just go to, what's it called? Oh, emojipedia.org or .com. One of those, you'll be able to find it and you can just copy and paste them straight in.

Easy way to do it. So you might have something like biggest sale ever with some fire emojis. And then you'd have, you know, get our dot, dot, dot, up to 60% off for the next three days only.

And it might be as simple as that in the primary text. Let's let me bring up the preview. Oh, it's not doing it because we haven't got a link in place.

Okay. You can just have a look on this left-hand side. So the text that we, primary text that we include might be as simple as that.

Something really, really, really straightforward. Okay. The headline might also be reiterating the offer.

So we might have up to 60% off three day flash sale. And again, you can see how this would really work to warm audiences because when they see you pop up on their newsfeed, they're going to recognize the brand, the name of your business, your little icon. So this is really going to resonate with them.

If you're advertising to cold audiences with your flash sale, you might need to provide a bit more information about your products and services, but we're assuming you're going to primarily focus on warm audiences here. And in which case you don't need to do that. You just want to really, really emphasize the deal, the offer, as opposed to talking about my product has, you know, higher durability, or, um, you can pack it down to us or it's, you know, 17 grams lighter than my competitor.

You know, don't focus so much on the features with this. Then in your image, obviously you just want to include, you know, I'm going to put a little, I'm just going to put my URL in here just so it brings a preview. Um, that won't make any sense, but with the image, you just want to put in something that's very representative of whatever the flash sale is.

So if it's a service, perhaps put an image up of you doing the service. Um, if it's a, uh, product, obviously an image of the product, you could even use a carousel with a range of products. I wouldn't use video with a flash sale.

You want people when they're scrolling through the Facebook newsfeed or Instagram feed to immediately understand what is going on, what the offer is, how they can take advantage of it. Okay. So keep it very, very simple with that.

One of the things I love to do, whether it's a product based business or a service business is I said, have an image of the product or the service sort of in action being used, and then perhaps overlay some text over the image that re-emphasizes the sale. So you could have a little text sort of at the top saying up to 60% off our, um, or just maybe even 60% off three days only, something along those lines, or 60% off ends midnight Thursday, the, you know, 8th of May, or where it happens to be. Okay.

Um, that tends to perform really, really well. So you can, you can do that fairly easily, get your graphic designer to do it or do it yourself in a tool like canva.com. Fantastic free graphic design tool to add text overlay and things like that to images.

So we're going to keep this ad super, super simple in the description. You may want to add in the description, it's cut off there as you can see, but you might have something like click here to take advantage of our flash sale before it ends. So you can see all we're really focusing on in these ads and in the copy and even the imagery of this ad is here's the incentive.

Here's the urgency. Remember when it's flash sales, those are two things. Here's the incentive.

Here's the urgency. And that's what we come back to again and again and again, and we focus on and keep these ads very simple. Yeah.

I wouldn't really recommend video ads, particularly long video ads, because it just takes too long for someone to understand what's going on with the flash sale approach, with the generating tons of quick sales with Facebook ads approach. So that's what you do on the campaign level. I would usually recommend that you include, let's say two to four different ads in a flash sale campaign, because particularly if you're advertising this to warm audiences, you don't want people to get bored and fatigue, and add fatigue to set it after just a couple of days.

I love the idea of having, let's say four ads and someone in my audience, when I run a three-day flash sale, seeing all four of my ads on Monday, all four of my ads on Tuesday, all four of my ads on Wednesday, and they're far less likely to become bored with that than if they see the one ad 12 times. But I do want lots of impressions. I want lots of reminders and lots of encouraging people to take action.

So I do want them to see my ads a lot, but I just don't want, you know, the one ad to just become boring and they ignore it. Four different ads is really going to help. And that could be as simple as the text being the same, but just change your image.

Just change a different product or a different, you know, if you only sell the one product, perhaps it's a, you know, that product's in a different setting, just looks different. The service, again, fairly straightforward to work out how to go about changing an image like that. Then, and this is a component that people leave out, and I don't have an example for you, but it's something I want to quickly mention.

And that's, if you're sending people to your website, have a specific page. It could be just, you know, a product page or a page about your service, but stick a banner on that page, it could be hopefully right at the top or somewhere, that emphasizes the urgency of the deal. So you could have a banner right at the top of your page saying, um, biggest sale ever, 60% off for three days only, and maybe a timer.

There are loads, depending on how your website's set up, there's loads of tools, there's WordPress plugins, um, you can add things on Shopify stores very, very easily that does all this sort of stuff. Just have a little search around for those sorts of things. But I think that really helps emphasize when they come through to your website, that it's not just the ad campaign, just sort of, you know, maybe pulling the wool over your eyes a little bit, but the website then backs up that, oh, I really need to act now.

This really is a great deal, and I really need to go get it now. And that's really going to help your conversion rates. Okay.

Um, and, um, and yeah, and that's basically the process. Have fun with this guys. Don't worry if it doesn't work this time.

You can run it again in two months time and see how it performs then. Um, working out the budget levels for your size, warm audiences and things does take a bit of time, and that is going to be unique to you. But the power of this is enormous.

So I can run a flash sale to my warm audiences that are pretty substantial at this point. You know, I've got 20 plus thousand people on an email list, 30 plus thousand people in a Facebook group. Um, and I can generate tens of thousands of pounds, tens of thousands of dollars worth of sales.

Um, whether it be for my courses or our services or whatever, by running just a three day flash sale. And it's something that we do regularly, and it's very, very effective as something I strongly recommend you add into your Facebook advertising repertoire and really nicely compliments your regular Facebook ad campaigns that you're running. And look, if you need to generate a ton of quick sales because you want to improve your numbers this month or perhaps your business is in trouble and you really need to, to go ahead and, um, and generate a lot of revenue very quickly.

Um, I hope that situation you're not in that situation, but that could be the case for you. This is a technique that can really help you, um, with that and something I'd, I'd recommend testing. Okay.

At the beginning of this video, I mentioned that I was going to talk about a free Facebook advertising resource. That's what I'm gonna do right now. So I've created a webinar.

It's called three killer Facebook advertising strategies to double or more your revenue. And in this webinar, I demonstrate three different strategies, three sales funnels, basically that we use as a Facebook ads agency all the time. They are very much proven, tried and tested.

We've generated more than a million dollars with each one of these sales funnels for our clients. They're absolutely, they work. And what I do is I show exactly how to implement these sales funnels yourself.

And I also explain which one you want to use depending on your type of business. So I say, look, if you're an e-commerce business, go ahead and use this sales funnel. If you're a lead based company, use this sales funnel.

If you're a digital company, use this sales funnel. Um, different businesses can use more than one, but you understand the sort of thing I'm talking about. And that's really, really important because there's no one size fits all to Facebook advertising, guys.

There's no, oh, I'm going to use the same process to sell a $30,000 service as I do to sell a $40 product. That's ridiculous. Okay.

What's required to make a sale in each one of those cases is very, very different. And I explain all that in the webinar. It's completely free to watch.

There will be a link in the video description below. Go ahead and click on that. Give it a watch.

Might be the most important Facebook advertising content you ever watch. Um, I know that's a bold claim, but I really do feel that way. I think it'd be well worth your time.

Okay. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, give it a thumbs up, please comment below to let me know. Also comment if you've got any questions, you want things clarifying.

I'm always happy to, uh, to answer comments, please subscribe to my YouTube channel, uh, click the little bell notification when you do so that you receive notifications when you, uh, when I publish a new Facebook advertising related video, which I do multiple times per week. And, um, yeah, best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns, guys. Hopefully I see a lot more flash sale campaigns out there doing, uh, doing good work and generating lots of sales.

And I will talk to you soon. Thanks guys. Bye.