Once you reach a big enough Facebook ad budget, you need to start doing things differently to get fantastic results. And I learned this the hard way. So when I first started my marketing agency nine years ago, I started working with really small businesses with tiny budgets.

And then as my name in the industry grew, and as people could see the fantastic results that we were getting for clients, we started working with bigger and bigger and bigger businesses. And I can't share the names unfortunately, but we've worked with at least a dozen brand names at this point that everyone watching this video would recognize. And those businesses obviously have much larger budgets.

And the strategies and techniques that we use for the smaller businesses often didn't work for the larger businesses that operated with bigger budgets. And we had to come up with new ways of doing things. And in this video, I'm going to share what we've learned working with some really big Facebook ad budgets and what we needed to do differently to get great results.

Okay, so let's start by defining what a big Facebook ad budget actually is. What's the magic number here? For me, a big Facebook ad budget is anything over $100,000 per month.

Now, if you just start advertising on Facebook, that might sound like the largest number ever. If you're advertising a long time, maybe that's less than you're expecting. That'll depend on your experience and where you're at and who's watching this video.

So what I'm about to share applies to all budgets over that $100,000 per month mark. And obviously, the larger that budget then goes on from there, the more and more important a lot of what I'm about to explain becomes. So the first thing, and it's actually quite an obvious one, is targeting.

When you're advertising with big budgets, with really large budgets, you need to advertise to more people. Otherwise, you run into all sorts of issues. I'm going to cover those because you can run into issues anyway, but you'll definitely run into them if you've got a small audience and you've not got your targeting setup correctly.

So when it comes to big Facebook ad budgets and anything larger than that, we're nearly always using open targeting or something close to it. An interest targeting option to a large population that's really broad and we've got detailed targeting expansion turned on, or we're using advantage plus audience where Meta has the ability to advertise to everyone within our target area. There's really no getting around that and I've yet to see a big Facebook ad budget that isn't producing its best results from just simple open targeting.

Now, ad fatigue is also a real issue when you're operating with a big Facebook ad budget. People are going to see your ads that much more often because you're spending more to put ads in front of them and they're going to fatigue. They're going to have seen them before and when you have that problem, you will see results drop off.

So we've even had Facebook ad campaigns that we've run that operate with such a large budget that we're having to refresh ad creative so often. We might be introducing ad creative four times a week into a new campaign. Now, that's an extreme case.

Most big Facebook ad budgets won't need to do it quite that often, but you do need to up the frequency with which you produce new ad creative and introduce that into an ad account much more the larger the budget that you operate with. I also find it's really important to have different ads running at the same time. Different ads speak to different people, both from a format standpoint, but also just from like a visual look.

So having multiple ads running at the same time means you're able to grab the attention of a larger percentage of your target audience and that helps you fatigue a little bit slower when you do that. And I also think that when you're refreshing ad creative, when you're coming up with multiple ads to run alongside each other, which is really important with big Facebook ad budgets, you need to make sure that the ads look different. A lot of people go wrong with this.

They think, oh, I've refreshed my ad creative, I've produced a load of ad creative, I've put it in the ad account. You go, yeah, but this looks visually so similar to what you were running previously. It doesn't get past the, oh, I've seen this before filter.

And that's why you need new creative and with big budgets very often is because if your prospects go, and we do this subconsciously, oh, I've seen that, I can ignore it. You're never going to get them to convert. You're not going to get them to watch the video.

You're not going to get them to read the copy. You're never going to get them to go on through the sales funnel from that point. Whereas if something looks visually very different, you then get another stab at that person because they don't go, oh, I've seen this before and ignore it.

They pay it that much more attention. It might just be a little bit more attention, but that might be enough for them to just glance at the headline, watch, see the hook of the opening of the video, take a look at the image, and then consume the ad, which is obviously what's required to get them to take the next step. So when you are refreshing ad creative, you still probably want to be on brand.

And a lot of businesses that operate with larger budgets, brand is going to be really important to them. So you're going to have guidelines and parameters there most likely, but think about ways that you can make something look visually quite different, different format, different style animated versus real person, something that's calmer and slower pace or something that's like edited really fast and quite jump cutty. And tackling this ad fatigue issue is where a lot of the effort of running meta ad campaigns with larger budgets goes because it requires that much more work than it does with a smaller budget where you might only need to refresh ad creative once a month, maybe even less than that, depending on your total audience size and how much you're spending.

So the next point is related to ad fatigue, but it is different, and that's offer fatigue. Okay, so let's assume that you're doing a good job tackling your ad fatigue. You're producing new creators, introducing them, and that's helping your campaign perform well.

Well, at some point, even with that, even if the wrapper and the packaging of your offer, which is obviously the ad creative, even if that's changing and being presented differently, which is great, you're still going to reach the point where the majority of the people in your target audience have seen your offer. And if they've decided, no, that's not for me, it's very difficult then to get that person to go ahead and become a lead, purchase whatever it is that you're looking to do. So it is important in that case to change your offer.

And it often surprises me, and I've worked with many business owners that have experienced the same thing where you change the offer and immediately are able to activate a lot more of your target market and get them to take that next step. And it's just as simple, they just weren't interested in the structure of the previous offer. So my recommendation would be to always have a couple of offers ready to go.

And then when you do start to see results dropping off and you're already doing the stuff that's required to tackle ad fatigue, like producing new creative, and you think, I think we've got a bit of a broader problem here and we're starting to get fatigue around this offer that we're making, you have some ready, waiting in the wings to deploy and move into the ad account. And that can really help turn things around. Now, like with all new offers, it can be hit and miss, right?

Just like the main offer that you probably used, that you worked out that allowed you to scale to get to the point where you're operating with a big Facebook ad budget might have been one that worked really well. And you might have tested four, five, 15, 35 other offers that didn't work as well, right? The same is true for introducing new ones to replace your previous best performers.

And it's now starting to fatigue. You might need to have a number of stabs at it to get it right. Okay.

So there's a few different ways I would think about changing your offer because it, a lot of people think that that could be something really drastic, like changing the whole service structure or the products or something like that. And I've got some options here that I want to describe that are for simpler offer changes than that. Okay.

So obviously, if you're not already, you could introduce something like a discount, or if you are using a discount, you could change the structure. So instead of it being a percentage discount, you could try changing it to a buy one, get one free, a three for the price of two, buy this thing and get this extra thing as a free gift. These are quite similar variations on what might be your existing offer, which is say a 20% discount.

But again, remember the offer structure will speak to different people, just like different types of ad creative will, and you might be able to activate people and get them over the line and they feel like they're getting something different. Another good way of changing up an offer, particularly for service-based business, would be some sort of guarantee. You could do this with product-based business as well, but most commonly applies to service-based businesses.

If you've led before with, look, we're fantastic, here's why you should work with us, or the reasons why, you could introduce a guarantee. A good way of mixing things up and people go, okay, yeah, I can't really lose by purchasing that thing. I can't really lose by working with them because either I get the outcome I want, or I get my money back, or they keep working with me till I get it.

There's many different ways to structure a guarantee. And of course, you could just offer different products or services. If you have other options, you have multiple ranges, you think about e-commerce businesses, big, large, successful brands, they are constantly bringing out new product ranges.

Why? Well, part of it is because they know they need to offer fresh new things to get people to purchase because they're going to run into offer fatigue. And the larger the budget you are operating with, probably the more sales, more money you're bringing in, the more you need to be aware of that if you don't want that to seriously drop off.

Now, the next point is that you need to accept that you aren't going to see the best possible return on ad spend. So any business that's spending more than $100,000 a month, and definitely as you go higher than that, they would see better results if they scaled their budget way back down. Let's take a business that's spending a million dollars a month on meta ads right now.

If they reduce their budget to 5% of that, to $50,000, they would see a better return on ad spend. But they don't get to benefit from scale. Okay, so I'm going to give you a couple examples to help explain this properly.

So let's say you're spending $10,000 a month, and you are getting a 10x return on ad spend, which is fantastic. So you're spending 10,000 on the ads, and you're generating 100,000 in revenue from that ad spend. Brilliant.

And let's say you scale your ad spend up from $10,000 a month to $100,000 a month. And as you do so, your return on ad spend decreases. And let's say it's at a 5 by the time you're spending $100,000 per month.

So in that scenario, spending $100,000 per month on your meta ads, you're generating $500,000 a month in sales. You might be thinking, well, you should spend less because you get a better return on ad spend at the lower level. It's a 10x return on ad spend versus a 5x return on ad spend.

But actually, if you look at revenue generated net of ad spend, in scenario one, you're spending 10 to get 100 back. So it's 90,000 net of ad spend. In scenario two, you're spending 100 to get 500 back.

So it's $400,000 net of ad spend. So it's getting a little bit technical here, a little bit mathsy. But as your ROAS drops, as you continue to scale, and the more and more you scale, the more and more your return on ad spend is going to drop.

That is just inevitable. That might be a trade that you are more than willing to make, because you see a much better absolute return, even if the actual ROAS number drops. And the reason why, by the way, that your ROAS will decrease as you scale further, is that meta is really good when you're spending a small budget at finding the best possible prospects within your target audience.

And those are the ones that are most likely to buy. The more and more you spend, the less and less qualified the prospects that you're looking to reach are. And if you think about, you know, there's 5,000 people out of a million person audience that are like, desperate for your thing, the next 5,000 are still keen, but a little bit less keen, next 5,000 still keen, but a little less keen.

And you just sort of go out and out from there. And that's why that happens. It's inevitable.

It's just something that you have to accept. It doesn't mean it's the wrong decision for your business to really scale up. But you just have to be prepared for this.

That's also why it's really, really important to know your numbers to know your LTGP to cap ratio, your lifetime gross profit to cap ratio and what you can afford to pay to acquire a new customer. I'll include a link in the description below to a video that shows you exactly how to work that out for your business. Because then when you know that number, you know the point at which you can scale to, you know how far you can push your cap, your cost to acquire a customer before you basically cap out and can't scale any further or need to make some adjustments and things like that.

Really important you know your numbers. And this is why, because your ROAS will drop, but that might still be a good thing for your business. And you can even reach a budget level where you just have to throw ROAS out of the window.

It's basically not possible to be ROAS positive. Now I personally haven't managed a Facebook ad budget as large as $20 million per month, for example, but I have consulted with a business that was doing that. And return on ad spend, a positive return on ad spend in that scenario is basically impossible.

I wouldn't even try. And I'll explain why that happens, right? So if you think about the return on ad spend that we see within our ad account, we're spending money, we're giving money to Meta, we're putting ads in front of people, and we're looking to generate revenue back from that.

But the only revenue that is generated from those ads that is trackable and will be included in your return on ad spend is revenue that is generated within seven days of someone clicking on an ad, or one day of someone viewing an ad, assuming that's the attribution setting used, by the way, seven day click, one day view, which is the maximum. Some people operate with small attribution windows than that, like one day click, in which case it's only the revenue generated within a day of someone clicking on your ad that will be included in your ROAS number. Well, these really large companies with monster budgets in the many millions, they're not looking to get their money back in seven days.

They know that's not really possible. Let me give an example. Let's say it's like a large car retailer, manufacturer, retailer, whatever.

One of the big car brands, right? They've got huge budgets, and you'll see a lot of their ads on Meta. They know that if they put an ad in front of someone, they're not likely to buy a new car from them within seven days.

I mean, that's completely unrealistic. And they're okay with that. They're trying to put an ad in front of someone that shows them about a new model, let's say, that's got really cool new features, that that person then might go, oh, that's really interesting.

Next time I want to get a new car, which might be next month, but could also be a year, could be five years, I will think about buying it from that brand. That's the game that they're playing. And that's kind of why with the large of us with really big budgets, where they have the longer time horizons, you kind of just have to throw return ad spend out the window.

I've talked before about a lot of brands like Coca-Cola, when they're advertising, they are not going to see a return on ad spend directly from the ads they run. It's not like someone sees an ad and they go and buy, they might directly go and buy some products, but they're buying like a can of Coca-Cola, a bottle. They're not going out and buying enough to cover the ad spend, but that's not their game.

They're like, we'll get you to buy a little bit. We're going to remind you that we're here. Next time you go out for dinner, whatever, you order a Coca-Cola and maybe you buy a whole case of it when you're next in the supermarket.

And maybe we get you in the habit of drinking one of these a day or a couple of these a week. And that's their long game. So again, something that you need to be aware of if you're operating with monster budgets is when you really, really get that high, sometimes you just got to even huge budgets.

Sometimes you just got to throw us out the window. I think it's a no brainer for businesses operating with big Facebook ad budgets and larger to use some sort of higher quality tracking software to help improve the quality of the data that they're generating to assess the performance of their Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. Now, larger businesses with bigger budgets tend to have more going on when it comes to marketing.

Like I speak to a lot of smaller businesses where basically their whole budget is just, their whole marketing is just Facebook ads, right? Bigger businesses, that's not going to be the case. They're going to have other social media platforms.

They might have offline ad campaigns running. They've got huge customer databases where there's email marketing going on. There might be SMS marketing.

There's all sorts. And it can become really quite difficult to work out, okay, which channel generated a sale? Which channel generated a lead here?

And I've used this example before, but I'll quickly repeat it here because I think it's really valuable where if someone, let's say, clicks on a Facebook ad, remembers the brand name, but doesn't purchase right away, then they Google that brand name two days later, come through to the website organically, doesn't purchase, but signs up to the 10% discount pop up on the website and is then added to the email list. And then they're emailed two days after that and they go ahead and purchase from that. Like which channel gets the purchase in that scenario?

Is it the Facebook ad campaign? Well, that was important. Was it the organic Google search?

Well, that was important. Was it the email list? Again, that was important.

They all had a say in it, which one gets the attribution. So I think with large companies with more different marketing channels going on, it's very easy for data to be wrong, to be overrepresented in a Facebook ad account. So you're much better off using some sort of high quality third party tracking software.

As a business, we use HiROS. That's what I recommend. There's an affiliate link in the description in case you want to check it out.

It is expensive, but for businesses with larger budgets, it's well, well worth it, right? If you're spending $30 a day on ads, I wouldn't recommend it. I don't think it's a good idea, but we use it.

I think it's good software. That's why I recommended it, not just because there's an affiliate link. If you are operating with a bigger budget, these things become a tiny percentage of your overall spend and therefore make more sense because of it.

Larger Facebook ad budgets also allow for much faster testing. So this is not something that we did when we first started working with businesses with larger budgets, but we quickly learned out that this was very important, is that you need a testing plan. So with smaller budgets where it takes a lot longer to test, you can decide to test one thing.

And as that test is coming to a close, you can think, okay, what's the next thing we're going to look to test and move on through it. But you really need to be ahead of the game with larger budgets because you can sometimes find out the results to an experiment to a test in less than a day. So unless you know exactly what you're going to be moving on to, you can be in trouble, you can waste time and you can waste budget.

So before you start running something, I would recommend creating a testing plan of like, we're going to test this and then this and then this and then this. Now you do need to review that as you go along because there might be, you know, the results from test number two might mean that you now don't need to run test six or seven as you go through it. But just having that in advance, I think it's really useful because you can get through so much testing.

It's one of the big advantages of larger budgets is you can learn so much faster and look to use that information in your campaigns and overall improve the results. But better to think ahead just because of the speed at which things move with the larger budgets. Okay, so this next point might be the single most important point in this whole video.

And that's that I don't think I've worked on a meta ad campaign that is spending more than a million dollars a month on Facebook and Instagram ads that hasn't had a celebrity involved either as an external paid influencer. If you think of like luxury watch companies, right, they'll always pay like sportsman or something like that to demonstrate their products and they're just paid for that ad effectively or to be able to use their imagery and wearing the product things along those lines. Okay, or actually as someone who is involved in the business.

So we've worked with a number of businesses where a celebrity and influencer is a partner, is one of the owners of the business. I don't think I've worked on a campaign spending more than a million dollars a month that hasn't had someone in one of those two roles. And there's a couple of reasons for that.

Firstly, it's really hard to get to the point where you can spend that sort of budget and have it be profitable and work for your business if you don't have that celebrity endorsement. So if you think about every single ad impression, how much more you get out of it if you've got a major name involved. Like if you're advertising a pair of basketball shoes and LeBron James is standing in them, every single ad impression that you get goes so much further than if you've just advertising a regular pair of basketball shoes.

Like it's obviously he's an enormous celebrity, particularly for that type of product. And there are lots of examples where the person's not going to be as big as that. But to reach those high budget levels, we just see it happen again and again and again because it makes the campaign so much more effective.

It's really difficult to get there if you don't have something like that as a competitive advantage. And to say that it improves performance is a massive understatement. Like it can massively improve performance.

That influencer celebrity endorsement can just be huge. It could improve your return on ad spend by more than double, more than three times just with that one change alone. Now obviously that doesn't make much sense for smaller businesses.

Like let's say it costs you $100,000 to get a major influencer on board to help you promote your products and services and to get them to feature in your ads and record your video ads for example. Something that we've done quite a bit of. If you're spending $10,000 a month on ads, that's your budget.

Makes no sense at all. Like the economics doesn't work. But if you're spending a million dollars a month, $100,000 is a one-off fee to get someone.

And for that price you would be after a real massive player in your space. Maybe the biggest person in your space. If you're spending that sort of budget then it basically becomes a no-brainer.

It's 10% of your ad budget for one month and you can probably run that campaign for for a year. So the more and more you spend the more and more it just is a no-brainer to get to get someone involved. Now I've thrown around some really large numbers there and some you know a couple of big names.

You can of course start with significantly smaller influencers with that cost a lot less. Now the impact's not going to be as big but they cost a lot less. So there are places where someone operating with a $10,000 a month Facebook ad budget can absolutely work with influencers and get them to feature in their video ads.

But they need to be smaller and cost less. I'm just saying for those campaigns that get to the really high budget levels, the huge Facebook ad campaigns over a million dollars a month, they just basically always have a really recognisable, well-known name either in that industry or broadly involved and that is helping with performance and allowing them to get to that scale. So something you should definitely be thinking about if you're looking to get there and as you scale think about working with bigger and bigger and bigger names to help you achieve the ROAS numbers that you need to achieve and achieve that cost to a crowd customer you need to achieve when operating with really really large Facebook ad budgets.

Okay so this next one I really really like and not a lot of Facebook advertisers do it which I think is silly because it can really help improve performance and it's not very difficult to do. And that's to take whatever it is that you offer, take your whole target market and break that down into smaller subsections and then tailor your messaging for each subsection. So businesses that get to big Facebook ad budgets and beyond they often have products or services that have mass appeal otherwise you just you can't get to really high budget levels if you're offering something that's really niche right there's just not the audience size to support it.

And because of that they fall into the trap of therefore advertising to a really broad audience. I don't think that's smart you'd be much better off breaking it down. So I'll give you an example.

Let's say for example you are selling running shorts. Within the running shorts market there are lots of different subsections. You could have people who do cross-country running, you could have people that do track running, you could have people that do road running for marathons, you could have people that run in the winter, people that run in hot conditions etc.

Now you offer running shorts but you could create separate ads for each one of those groups and you will get a much better response rate. You know let's say for winter and summer shorts you might need different pairs because it's different thicknesses whatever. But for cross-country running, marathon running and track running it could be the same product but you just have three separate ads that speak to that audience specifically.

So in the ad copy it's cross-country check out this awesome pair of cross-country running shorts it has ABC features. Now if someone is a cross-country runner and they see that ad that is much more likely to grab their attention than just a if you're a runner because it's much more specific to them and they're also more likely to believe that that product is going to specifically fill the role that they need. It's all great it's going to have extra things that are perfect for me and that sort of thing.

So you can break that down and you could create as many different ones as you could have your cross-country running ad, your marathon running ad, your track running ad, all for the same pair of shorts. Obviously if you do have different products then great as well but really think about breaking down your market into specific subsections. You can do this exact same thing with services as well.

Breaking down into specific subsections and then marketing that way and we see a much better better response rate. And there's lots of different ways that you can slice up a market. You could do it by product, you could do it by different groups of people depending on what they're interested in, you could do it by location.

Like if we're advertising our marketing services we could do it by the industry in which they operate. So have a little think about that for your business and and try and chunk it down. Takes a bit of time and extra effort but really helps with conversion rates.

And it's important to note on that that you don't want to match that by being really specific necessarily with the targeting because you're still looking to spend a lot of money here. We don't want to run into target audience size issues. So in that sort of scenario thinking okay well how do I match the specific messaging in the ad with the targeting?

You kind of don't. If you want to you could use like advantage plus audience ad sets where the targeting versus suggestions and then give meta a nudge but they're going to find if you if you create an ad that is clearly tailored for cross country runners and it's got cross country running all over the ad copy, meta's going to find those people. The same for marathon runners, same for track runners etc etc.

So I wouldn't worry about that too much and just don't make the mistake of therefore trying to come up with a really specific small audience. And of course if you really want to take advantage of this you can combine it with the previous point which is getting influencers involved. So you could have specific influencers in these specific subsections of your market they're going to speak to those people and because when you do that you're almost certainly going to end up working with smaller influencers they will cost less.

It's kind of like the you know the extra credit of combining those two and getting the best possible results. This next one is a nice lazy option when you're operating with big Facebook ad budgets often the things I'm going to recommend require quite a lot of time and effort this one doesn't so it's always great to have a couple of those lying around particularly if you're a bit you know crunched for time you need to get some new stuff out there. And that's to leverage existing organic social posts.

So larger businesses normally have quite a bit going on organically with their socials they probably have teams of people or agencies working on that and you can take advantage of that. So you can take a look at what are the best performing organic posts on Instagram potentially on Facebook even outside on TikTok for example can we literally just use the creative that's using that organic post combine that with some of our best performing ad copy best performing headlines and run that as an ad. Sometimes that won't be appropriate you have to kind of make a judgment call depending on what is including the organic post but a lot of the time it is and those ads can perform incredibly well because it's already been tested you know the target market's interested in you know it got a lot of engagement run it as an ad and you can do it well and this is also something that you can do fairly regularly.

So when we work with large businesses with with big Facebook ad budgets and larger we would always keep an eye on their organic socials and just see if something is a real outlier in terms of an organic social engagement. They think great we'll ask for that we want that creative to use as ads and more times than not it can produce some fantastic results. Now the next one is a little bit risky but it can work really really well so I'm going to explain what it is and it can be a bit hit or miss like things that are risky and that's that when you're operating with a big Facebook ad budget you're normally a larger business doing that either if you're running the ads for your own large business or you're running this for a client.

That normally means that the people in your target market have an idea of who you are they know about your business know about your brand name and they probably also know about some of the larger competitors that you have as well. That gives you an opportunity where you can directly one up your competitors ads and kind of call them out. So let's say for example you operate in a business where you're selling something that you will go to a customer's house or office or whatever and you'll install it for them whatever it happens to be and let's say your competitors are running a lot of marketing campaigns and they promise installation within three days where you can put directly in your ad copy even as your headline something like we don't guarantee installation in three days like the other guys we do it in 24 hours.

Now as I said if you've got a big competitor that's been running ad campaigns and running marketing campaigns where they're really pushing this whole three-day installation as as a part of their offer as a big selling point and you come in with something like that that can work really well. It is hit or miss because if the target audience has not seen much of your competitors ads are not really aware of their offer then it probably won't land but if they have then this can work well and it's a lot of fun. I probably wouldn't recommend explicitly naming the competitor in your ad copy headlines although that's not really a question for me that's a question for your legal team to see if you get away with something like that and provided they're big enough and they've done enough marketing you won't need to.

But yeah but something that's that's a bit fun like I said a bit risky you could get a competitor of yours not very happy with you for doing this but you know this is capitalism we're operating in a competitive marketplace and sometimes you can poke a little bit of fun at your competitors especially if your offer obviously beats them and you can one up them and you know the three day versus 24 hour installation would be a good example of that. Now this next one might surprise you and that's that when you get to big Facebook ad budgets and beyond campaign structure doesn't really change. I think that's one of the things that people expect to change the most when you start spending a lot more is okay we need to do things differently from a from a campaign structure standpoint and that's not really true particularly with Meta's algorithmic targeting now taking care of a lot of our our ad set level stuff and leaving us to focus more on ad creative and offers and things like that that you may well have seen in my other videos.

Yeah campaign structure doesn't really change now there's often more going on with larger budgets because you have a larger budget so you can get away with running more ads and more campaigns because you can test more and that's absolutely fine and also large companies often just have more to sell so you might have more campaigns because you've just got more products and services that you're selling than when you're operating with a business with a smaller budget you usually have less to sell but that's actually something that we've come in and done more than once with with these large companies operating with with really large budgets is we've simplified their ad accounts because I can think of one in particular where their own internal team was running their meta ad campaigns before we took over and they did not subscribe to less is more they very much believed in more is more and they had just so much going on in the ad account it was so confused and so much budget was being spent on underperforming elements because there's way too much going on that we stripped it way back and just really simplified it and focus on the best performing products the best performing ad creatives and the best performing offers and just really simplified we actually I think we improved results so much that we covered our fee for the whole year by the improvements we got in ad results in month one so if you ever get an ad account that's just a complete mess because way much way too much going on find the best performing elements turn a whole bunch of stuff off and you'll almost certainly see an immediate boost in performance I would also recommend that you or whoever is managing your meta ad campaigns when you're at a big facebook ad budget level or higher is checking your ad account all the time multiple times per day things can go wrong much faster with larger budgets if something gets disapproved and now all your ad spend is being spent on other ads that don't perform as well you just you're going to waste money faster because simply you're spending that much more one of the issues we often run into with larger budget accounts is that the budget is just not being spent meta can sometimes struggle to keep the delivery consistent you might come in and create new campaigns or introduce some new ad creative to to help get there and with larger businesses with bigger budgets we've often found that that's really important to them they really want to make sure that a certain amount is consistently spent that targets are met around budget around reach and with smaller businesses that's less of a concern usually they're more usually more concerned about return on ad spend but with bigger businesses that is important so so whoever's managing your campaigns when you're operating those higher budget levels they've really got to be on top of things and just head off issues um because they can happen that much faster because you're spending more and along those lines you want to shift budget to performance more quickly so if you've got high performing elements under performing elements if you're in an ad account multiple times per day making adjustments um you can go ahead and go ah right underperformers these can go let's shift budget over to this it's working really well let's take advantage of our winners that's a time frame that i've never recommend you operate using with smaller budgets but with bigger budgets you can make adjustments multiple times per day sometimes if you've got conclusive data that allows you to make a shift and you really want to be moving things around and make sure budget's not wasted but also making sure that you really capitalize on the winners because they don't last forever now my final recommendation is to not run your ads yourself like when you're spending a thousand dollars a month on meta ads it makes sense to run them yourself to learn that skill and run them yourself but if you're spending more than a hundred thousand dollars a month on your meta ads unless you are an undeniable expert in meta ads and you're doing this you know all day every day and have done for years you should not be running your ads yourself the numbers at that point make it a no-brainer to either hire exceptional talent and bring that in-house it can be done but those people are hard to find or you just hire one of the best facebook ads agencies in the world like this one and we'll manage it for you and our fees in relation to your ad spend will be really small at that budget level and we'll almost certainly improve your results by more than what we charge making us better than free and we take that workload off your hands which frees up your time to focus on other areas of business and you get better results so it really is a win all around so there's a link in the video description below you can click on that come through to a page on our website and book in a free call with one of my team members to find out more and hopefully we get a chance to work together also if you work for a marketing agency or your marketing agency owner and you've managed to land one of these clients and you just feel like you're way in over your head which certainly happens it happened to me when we first started working with these clients we were not ready for the work that was entailed my agency can do the work for you we can handle the deliverables and often at this scale it makes sense for everyone so if you're in that position and you're thinking we could really do some help with this feel free to book a call and we might be able to work something out if you enjoyed this video please go ahead and subscribe and i'll see you soon