Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how often you should post on your Facebook page. Now this is something that a lot of Facebook marketers, social media marketers get wrong. Now five, six, seven years ago people used to talk a lot, social media marketing experts would really advocate posting to your Facebook page tons, like 10 times a day, post lots of bits of content from other people, curate content, and put out interesting stuff, get people to engage, get people to like your page, then they'll see your post, you can build this massive audience and you can then sell to them.

And that may have been the case once upon a time, it's not really the case anymore. The value of Facebook page likes, in terms of them seeing your stuff, has diminished significantly, therefore the approach that you need to take to posting on your Facebook page also needs to change significantly. Okay, I'm going to get into that a little bit more in a minute.

One thing I want to quickly mention is that at the end of this video I'm going to be talking about a couple of free Facebook advertising related resources that I think you're going to find very, very valuable, so make sure you stick around to the end for those. Okay, so what am I sort of getting at here? You know, Facebook page likes aren't as valuable anymore, you know, I'll explain.

So here we have my Facebook page, it's just my name, Ben Heath, and you can see that on my Facebook page I have 129,000 followers. So by anyone's measure, a lot of Facebook followers, of course they're Facebook pages with millions, but you know, that's quite a lot. But here's the thing, let's have a look at this.

Right, so here's a post I posted recently. It has reached 1,161 people. So out of 129,000 people that like my Facebook page, only just over a thousand have seen it.

So just under 1%, okay, and that generated 8 comments, 29 likes, etc, etc. Okay, let's have a look at another one. So here's another video, these are both videos by the way, both links to YouTube videos on my Facebook page.

Here's another video and this one has reached even less. 560 people, okay, is how much this video has reached, which resulted in 11 likes, 2 comments, again, out of 129, almost 130,000 people that follow my page. So if you are posting to your page with two objectives in mind, with the first objective being, to get more Facebook page likes, just stop.

It's not going to work. Even this many likes only gets me that much reach. So people who don't like your page, the idea that they're going to see your stuff, just not going to happen.

So if you want Facebook page likes, posting to your Facebook page is not the way to go about doing it. Number two, if you want, if you're posting on your page in order to take the people that already like your page, and warm them up, or potentially sell to them with a more sort of direct to offer posting strategy, again, basically stop. I've got 130,000 people, I get 560 people reached on that one.

This one did a bit better, just over a thousand people reached on that one. So if you've got, let's say, 500 likes or 2,000 likes, it's not really going to do anything. So if that's the case, you might be thinking, well, why should I bother posting on my Facebook page at all?

And that's a valid question. I'm going to answer why in a second. First thing I will quickly mention is that if you do want Facebook page likes, I have got a whole video that shows you exactly how to go about them.

It's not through posting on your Facebook page. It's through running inexpensive ad campaigns. That's very, very effective.

You can get lots of likes very cheaply. I will include a link in the video description to that. So if you do want Facebook page likes, make sure you check that out.

The reason why you would want Facebook page likes is the same reason why you still want to post to your Facebook page. And that's for credibility. And credibility, particularly if you're just starting a business, might not sound like a big deal.

You might think, hang on, I want customers. I'm not trying to present myself as this industry leading expert or anything like that. But it really is very important.

I've always been a big fan and I don't think marketers, digital marketers talk about this enough, that appearances matter. They really matter. How professional your stuff looks has a real impact on how many people work with you, how many people hire you for your services, how many people buy your products.

It really, it does matter. Okay. Which is why we invest time and money in things like creating nice thumbnails and simple design elements and stuff like that.

But one of the things that if you're trying to generate business through Facebook, if you're running Facebook ad campaigns, which is something I'd recommend, most businesses can see amazing results with Facebook ad campaigns. You know, Facebook marketing is something you're relatively new to. Having a Facebook presence and profile that lends credibility can make a massive difference to success of that campaign.

I mean, let's say you're running an ad campaign and customers are worth $100 on average to you. Well, maybe you are only willing to pay $20 to acquire on your customer. If you look completely uncredible on Facebook, so let's say someone checks out your Facebook page and nothing has been posted on your page for a month, two months, and you have 145 likes, you just don't look credible.

And of course, it's more important for me because I'm a Facebook advertising expert. So it's more important that my presence on Facebook looks significant. But I think that still applies no matter what sort of business you have.

If you're advertising a product, people come through to your Facebook page and it looks dead empty. It looks like nothing's really going on with your business. That's a big issue.

They might go, oh, I'm not going to order. They might not deliver. They've got customer service.

They're going to process a refund. Is this a legitimate company? If you're a service-based business, you know, if you're particularly something expertise-based, which is what most service providers are, you know, if someone comes through to your page and nothing's going on, no matter what you're an expert in, you could be an expert in, you know, something completely unrelated to business, health and fitness.

If you haven't got much of a presence, they're going to go, well, you know, this guy, this girl doesn't really know what they're talking about because there's not really anything, you know, they don't have any following. They don't have anything like that. So I think it really, really matters.

And going back to the recent example, if you want to generate sales for $20 and you're generating sales for, let's say, $30, if you can make your setup look a lot more credible, you really can bring that down. We've seen that happen with a number of clients. So credibility on any advertising platform, appearances matter, which is why you do want to run ad campaigns to get followers, even though they may not become customers, but that's fine.

They're going to help you generate a lot more customers or a much higher conversion rate from other people. That's why you do want to run ad campaigns. And that's also why you do want to post to your Facebook page.

So how often? The title of this video is how often should you post your Facebook page? You absolutely don't need to be doing this every five, six, you know, every two or three hours, five, six times a day, something like that, like we used to recommend, because as I mentioned, that strategy is no longer viable.

But it's very important that your Facebook page looks active. And like, there's a real legitimate, engaged company behind the Facebook page. It's very important.

So what does that mean? It means you want to be posting to your Facebook page, I would say, at least once a week. That really doesn't need to be more than that.

But at least once a week, just so that when someone checks out your timeline, they can scroll through and they see videos and, you know, etc, etc, all that sort of stuff, you can see I've got, so what have I got here, this was on the 10th of April, that was on the 9th, that was on the 7th, that was on the 7th as well, got that on the 3rd, that on the 2nd. So you can see I'm posting far more often than that. But again, I'm a Facebook advertiser.

Once a week is perfectly fine. What I recommend you always do with any content you create, make sure you pop that on your Facebook page. So you can see here that this is a video I recorded, how to generate 30,000 Facebook group members, you know, posted on April 7th.

Then I did another video, do not buy Facebook page likes posted on April 9th. So these are videos created, this is a blog post I wrote on April 10th. So me and my team create a lot of content, and we publish that all to our Facebook page.

If you don't create content yourself, you can absolutely post interesting things, you know, articles and videos about interesting things to do with your industry. You can absolutely post those, that's not a problem to make sure your page looks active. Once a week is absolutely fine.

So the rule is basically to summarise, post at least once a week to your Facebook page, something interesting, and all your content. And that's it. Very, very simple.

And that's one little marketing box ticked, and you go around, you can go about getting started with what I would say is much more important things, to be perfectly honest. Don't waste all your time just posting to Facebook every day, you know, six times finding stuff and posting it. Get this taken care of so you look credible, and then move on to more important things like Facebook ad campaigns, for which I have tons of resources to help you out with that sort of stuff.

Okay, I mentioned at the beginning of this video, free Facebook advertising resources. First one is my Facebook ads mastermind group. So one of the value of getting Facebook page likes is you can then invite those people to join your Facebook group, and Facebook groups are tremendously valuable.

This is my Facebook ads mastermind group. It has 31, just under 31,000 members right now, which is absolutely fantastic, full of people wanting to get better results with Facebook and Instagram advertising. They're helping each other out, asking questions, answering questions.

I do live trainings, I've got one set for this afternoon in here all the time. Strongly recommend you join completely free link will be in the video description. Okay, if you want better results Facebook, it's a no brainer.

Now the other free thing that I want to mention is a free webinar I've created called Three Killer. In fact, I'll bring up the page to it here. Here you go.

Three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue. In this webinar, about 60 minutes long, I detail three Facebook advertising strategies that produce incredible results. We generated more than a million dollars with all three strategies for our clients.

Strongly recommend you check this webinar out. It'll show you exactly how the strategies work, how you can implement them, which one you should be using depending on the products and services that you offer, which is very important. As I said, completely free.

Again, there will be a link in the description to this. Strongly recommend you go ahead, check that out and watch it. It might be the most valuable content you ever watch in terms of improving Facebook advertising performance.

Anyway, hopefully you found that really useful. If you did, please give this video a like. Now you know you shouldn't be wasting a huge amount of time posting to your Facebook page.

Subscribe to my channel. I release Facebook marketing, Facebook advertising, Instagram marketing, Instagram advertising related content every single week. So subscribe, click the little bell notification so you're notified when I publish a new video.

Comment below with any questions. Comment below to let me know if this was useful, if you disagree, agree, etc. And yeah, I'll talk to you guys soon.

Thanks a lot. Bye for now.