Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about how to adjust your Facebook ad campaigns for small budgets. Now there's a lot of advice out there, a lot of recommendations made from me and from other people around Facebook ad campaigns that are perhaps a bit more suited to larger budgets and there are some adjustments you want to make if you are getting started, you are operating with a smaller budget and that's what I'm going to be discussing in this video. Before I get into that I want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button, click that thumbs up button, that'd be much appreciated and help me out and of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already.

So I'm in an example Facebook ad account here and I'm at, it's a CBO campaign, if you follow my stuff you'll know that I'm a big fan of using CBO in general and I'm at the, where you set the budget, the budget point. I prefer using daily budgets, just a quick aside as opposed to lifetime budgets, I've got videos on that in case you want more information as to why but I wanted to talk about small budgets because it's where most people start and it's where I'd recommend a lot of people start, you know, why invest money that's going to hurt before you know whether or not this platform can perform for you. It's one of the advantages of Facebook advertising, you know, you don't need to start with a massive budget, you can start small, test things, find out what works for you and then look to scale up once you've, once you've worked some stuff out I think is definitely the best approach.

So firstly what would I classify as a small budget? Now I'm talking here and I need to clarify in sort of countries like UK, US, Australia, Canada where we do the majority of our advertising, this may not apply what's small in other locations may well be quite different but in my mind small is anything less than say a thousand dollars a month, that's roughly going to be what I would classify as a small budget and obviously the vast majority of clients, well of all the clients we work with are spending more than that, some spending significantly more, 100, 200 times that on a monthly basis. But if you followed some of my videos and I'll include a link in the video description to another video talking all about my ideal campaign structure where I basically talk about in an ideal world my campaign structure is going to be a CBO campaign within that you're going to have five ad sets one of which we'll be retargeting four will be cold audiences and then within those five ad sets you're going to have three to four ads hopefully using different ad formats and testing a few different things in those in those ads and that's going to be the basic structure.

But if you are operating with a budget that is less than a thousand dollars and a thousand dollars per month and particularly if it's significantly less than that let's say ten dollars a day, three hundred dollars a month, something like that, then I think you do want to adjust things. You basically want to reduce the number of variables. If you think if you've got five ad sets and then four ads in each ad set well that's 20 different sort of units to put in front of your target audience.

Now when I'm talking about four different ads it's going to be the same four different ads across those five ad sets but of course Facebook's got lots and lots of different combinations to try. Basically got 20 different variables to work with there. If you are, as I said, operating with let's say ten dollars a day maybe even five dollars a day, twenty dollars a day, something like that.

So ten dollars a day obviously three hundred dollars a month, twenty dollars a day to come out six hundred dollars a month, that sort of range, I think you want to be reducing the the number of variables from twenty. So what would I go with in that sort of situation? Perhaps two to three ad sets.

I think if you've got say a ten dollar a day budget, two to three ad sets as as a three as a maximum and then within those perhaps two different ads live at any one time. Now what does that mean? The less variables that you've got live at any one time means it's going to take longer to test stuff and that's one of the biggest disadvantages of starting with a smaller budget and operating with a smaller budget is it takes you longer to find things out.

You throw money at stuff you're gonna and you're testing between different audiences you might find out in hours if you're spending enough which one performs best. If you're not spending much at all it might take days, weeks, maybe even longer than that in certain circumstances for certain types of businesses. But yeah so you're reducing the the variables which means it's going to take longer but it's also going to help Facebook optimize your campaign and work stuff out more efficiently.

If you ran with the five ad sets four different ads in each ad set with a ten dollar a day budget it's just so much for the Facebook algorithm to work out there on what is a tiny amount of spend per ad per day. You know you're talking about the equivalent of 50 cents per ad per day with a ten dollar budget in five ad sets four ads in each 20 different ad units. You can just sort of run the math so you go well if we're only spending 50 cents per ad per day yeah it's gonna take forever for you to work out which ads perform best which audience perform best and things like that.

And Facebook can get very confused and your results like to be terrible in the meantime. So by reducing those variables you give Facebook a much easier time of working it out, much easier time of exiting the learning phase and you can still test all that stuff just don't do it all at once. So two to three ad sets live at any one time, let's say after two weeks with a ten dollar budget you're gonna have to give it a reasonable amount of time, you work out that one of those ad sets or two of those ad sets performing best, pause the underperformers and then test the other options that you perhaps found whether they're interest-based or lookalikes whatever it is and then go about that process.

Same with ads you can still go through and test a load of ads but just don't do so all at once it's just too confusing and and you're gonna see you're gonna see poor results for a very long time until Facebook's able to work that out. Remember that conversions, if you're running a conversions campaign, which I assume you are, which is what I recommend most people do most of the time, conversions help you get more conversions, right? So generating conversions down an account, having that conversion data informs Facebook on how to optimise your campaigns.

So by reducing the number of variables, going with the best options that you think are going to work first, you should hopefully get more conversions in the short run which then allow you to test slightly further out and be a bit more risky with the options that you're including. So a quick video here, something that I wanted to talk about because I think it's important a lot of people maybe, a lot of people have asked, they've been looking at my campaign structure and say would you still do this if you're spending ten dollars a day and you go actually no, I wouldn't do the five ad sets, four ads in each, that's probably more for a five thousand dollar a month budget or you know even a two thousand, fifty dollar a month budget, fifteen hundred dollar a month budget is absolutely fine and then all the way up you can keep going but with those ten dollar a day budgets, no, I would go with less than that and by the way there's nothing wrong with starting with ten dollars a day, that's absolutely fine if that's where you're at. I spent perhaps you know obviously my accounts in pounds being in the UK but I spent ten pounds a day, I remember doing it and that's where I started.

You can very, you know you could start with ten dollars a day and within a month you could be spending a thousand, sorry you could be spending a thousand dollars a month so you've basically 3x that and months later you could be spending five thousand dollars a month. These things can happen, you can definitely scale and I've got videos on that if you want to check those out but yeah that's how I would adjust things and hopefully that'll help improve your campaigns, help them get out of the learning phase which I think is why people have a lot of issues with my campaign structure with tiny budgets is you struggle to get the learning phase so hopefully that's helpful. Okay before we go a couple of things I want to quickly mention.

The first is a free webinar I've created called Three Killer Facebook Ad Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue and in this webinar I break down three strategies, three Facebook advertising sales funnels that we use with our client work all the time. They're very much tried and tested, we've generated millions of dollars with each one of these and depending on your business will depend on which of the three you want to use and that's key, that's really important because there's far too much Facebook advertising that people do that is just not designed for their products and services. Like it might be a great strategy for a completely different business model but for your business model it's not going to work so that's what that webinar will help you do, help you work out which strategy you want to use depending on the products and services you're selling and their price point.

It'll also show you exactly what that sales funnel looks like so you can go ahead and you can can implement that quickly and easily and hopefully see some fantastic results. Well worth the watch, completely free, links in the video description, go ahead and check that out. Other thing I want to mention is our Facebook advertising services.

So my company Lead Guru is a Facebook advertising agency, we create, manage and optimize Facebook ad campaigns for our clients and if you're currently running campaigns yourself or perhaps working with an agency that's not producing the best results possible and you think there's room to grow we can almost certainly help you get there. It's what we do all day, every day, we spend millions of dollars on the platform, we very much know what we're doing and know how to get the best out of Facebook ad campaigns across dozens of different industries. We've worked with hundreds of clients, have hundreds of campaigns running at any one time and yeah we've probably worked with a business like yours in the past.

So if you're interested in that, interested in working with us and finding out more information, the best thing is to click on the link in the description below to take you through to a page on the website where you can book a free strategy session with more of my team members and they'll be able to take you through the you know our service, how it works, the costs involved and we're very price competitive, all that sort of stuff and then and also show you how you know get more information about your business, tell you if we've worked with a company like yours before. Very informal chat, no obligation of course. We do have a minimum budget requirement of 3k per month so if you've not got that budget or higher we won't be able to work with you.

Please don't don't book a session, it will be cancelled if you do and you don't meet that that criteria. But yeah, but otherwise we'd love to speak with you hopefully we get a chance to work to work together. So again, link is in the description completely free to book that call, go ahead and do it.

If you found this video useful please comment below to let me know, please give me a thumbs up, click that like button and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns guys and I will talk to you soon. Bye for now.