Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to structure your Facebook ad campaigns the right way. I get a lot of questions about Facebook ad campaign structure and it's really really important. If you set it up the right way and you structure your Facebook ad campaigns the right way when you get started, it makes not only your chance of success that much greater but it also makes it much easier for you to adjust and optimize campaigns going forward and we've developed a structure that works really well given the fact that we're a Facebook ads agency and we're managing dozens of Facebook ad accounts.

So being able to go in, take a look at what matters, make adjustments relatively quickly whilst being the right adjustments and helping improve performance is really really important. So I just want to show you how to do in this video all about structuring your Facebook ad campaigns the right way. So to do that I'm going to create an example Facebook ad campaign and go through the steps, shouldn't take too long.

Now before I get into that I want to quickly mention that at the end of this video I'm going to tell you about a free Facebook advertising resource all to do with Facebook advertising strategy and sales funnels. So I'd strongly recommend you stick around to that because I think you're going to be really interested in that. But anyway with that said let's get into this.

So here I am now inside a demonstration Facebook ad account. I'm going to go ahead and create an example campaign. So let's go ahead and go through the steps.

So obviously start by going into Ads Manager which is where I am right now. I've had a few questions people are going how do you get to Ads Manager? When you're in your personal Facebook ad account there will be a little black arrow on the top right hand side downwards arrow.

Click on that in that drop down list there will be manage adverts, create adverts, create ads, manage ads, something like that. Facebook changes it for different locations, different people. Click on that that'll take you through to Ads Manager which is somewhere like this.

I've got example campaigns in here but they're all in draft mode because this is a demonstration ad account so don't worry about any of that you may see something different. But anyway once you're here go ahead and click that green plus create button and what we're going to do is we're just going to call this example CBO campaign and you'll see why it's called CBO in a second. So buying type you want to have as auction.

Campaign objective I've got another video about campaign objectives I'll include a link to the video description below. Suffice to say that most of the time you're going to want to use conversions. Okay daily budget I've got other videos about how much you should be spending on Facebook ads.

It's a question I get asked all the time. Again there'll be a link in the video description below to another video talking about that specifically. I don't want to get bogged down in that here but basically start with something that you can afford.

My default here is £100 a day. Campaign budget which by the way if you're getting started and thinking what £100 a day which is $130 a day something like that. What's that four, four and a half thousand dollars a month.

If that seems scary to you that's fine. Don't worry you don't have to start with that much. Facebook have automatically switched on campaign budget optimisation here and that's key.

Well using campaign budget optimisation is key. You can just switch it on yourself if you want. You don't have to.

Facebook doesn't have to default it for you. Anyway this is a feature I absolutely want to use because this makes budget allocation automatic and more effective and I'll explain why when we get to the ad set level. Okay so just make sure you've got campaign budget optimisation switched on as I do here.

So I'm just going to go ahead and pop in warm audience in here and then I'm going to have image ad one in here. Don't worry those things will make more sense in a second as we go through the video. So Facebook ad campaigns are split into three parts which you may already be aware of.

There's a campaign level, the ad set level and the ad level. Here we're at the campaign level not too much to set. We've got our buying type, we've got our objective, we've got CBO turned on, we've set our budget and our bid strategy is lowest cost.

Again I've got videos about bid strategies, things like that. Go ahead and check those out. What I want to now go to is the ad set level.

Actually I'm going to minimise this window because I want to show you the ad set. So let's click into this campaign and see we've got one ad set in here. So this campaign's all about, this video sorry, is all about Facebook ad campaign structure.

The way I like to structure my campaigns is I like to have one CBO campaign. Whether you're running a campaign for a you know a service provider that offers a free consultation or you're running a campaign for an e-commerce business that's looking to directly generate sales, most of the time, not all the time, actually I'll explain more about this later, but most of the time I'm going to have one campaign. It's going to be a conversions campaign and what I want within that one campaign is three to five ad sets.

Each ad set is going to focus on a different audience. Okay, one ad set is going to be a warm audience ad set. Okay, so let's go ahead and edit this.

So let's say for example I was optimising for purchase. It's a demonstration ad account so all these things are going to be read. Don't worry about that.

Now let's say in my warm audience ad set I want to advertise the warmest audiences that I have available. What that means for different businesses is different things. So for example some businesses might have 5,000 existing customers and they're advertising something new or different to what they've already bought.

In which case great, go ahead and add in your previous customer list into here, into this custom audiences section. Some businesses have email lists, some businesses have website visitors, in which case great. In fact, I may have created some example stuff in here.

Let's just have a look. Yeah, so for example I've created all website visitors so I can target website visitors. Let me have a look at what other custom audiences I've got.

As I said, there's a demonstration ad account. So I could for example target my email list. I could example target my customer list.

Okay, I've got all the examples in here. So in an ideal world, in my warm audience ad set I would be targeting these three audiences. All website visitors, everyone on my customer list and everyone on my email list if those are separate.

Now obviously if you're advertising you only have one product or service, don't advertise that to your customers if they've already bought it. And it's not a repeat purchase type product or service. That would be silly.

But assuming that's not the case, this is what I want to include in my warm audience ad set. Some businesses may not have a customer list for example. Okay, fine, go with those two.

Some businesses may not have an email list, in which case just go with your website visitors. But that's my warm audience ad set. I like to bundle all of them into one ad set.

I find that that works best because warm audiences are usually quite small, but Facebook prefers larger audiences. So I want my warm audience ad set to be as large as possible. So let's go ahead and add these back in.

Example customer list, an example, email list. So that's my warm audience ad set. Now I've already said that I want three to five different ad sets.

So if I go back out of here, we've got warm audience and I'm just gonna, I didn't mean to do that. I'm just gonna say website visitors, email list, customer list. Okay, I normally have website visitors 180 to be specific because I want the largest audience possible.

But there we go. Now, what I'll do is I duplicate that. And I, let's say I want to create four duplicates.

I'm gonna go with five different ad sets. Um, that didn't seem to work. Failed to duplicate items.

It didn't let me, for whatever reason. Sometimes I find the duplicate option doesn't work. Who knows why.

So we've got a warm audience ad set, right? So, but I've said we want three to five. What other ad sets do we want?

Okay, we're going to primarily base these other ad sets around lookalike audiences. So let's go with, let's go with a lookalike, uh, one percent based off previous customers. It's difficult to type and talk at the same time, as you can probably see.

Um, and let's say that's one of our targeting options. So now let's bounce back out. So make it all option.

Right, we've got a warm audience ad set. We've now got a one percent lookalike based off previous customers. Let's go in and edit this.

Don't worry about that stuff. We're just focusing on the targeting for the structure. And I bet I've created one of these.

Uh, I bet I've done that. Product purchases. Fantastic.

Okay. Oh, by the way, this is a disabled ad account. Don't worry.

It's just because it's a demonstration account. I mess around in here all the time. Um, you won't see that warning.

Well, hopefully you won't see that warning. So one of my ad sets, I want to be a lookalike audience based off previous product purchases or previous service purchases. In general, the single most effective cold audience targeting option that you can use when it comes to Facebook advertising is people that are very similar to people that have already bought your product.

And that's what a one percent lookalike based off product purchases is previous customers. So a one percent lookalike based off previous customers. If you don't know what a lookalike audience is, you're not familiar with that.

No problem. I'll include a link in the video description to a video that shows you exactly how to set up lookalike audiences, what they are, all that sort of stuff. I'd recommend you go through that if you're not familiar.

But that's, this is all about campaign structure. So I want to make sure I keep on topic. So there we go.

We've got one ad set based on previous customers. Now let's say your previous customer, customer, uh, uh, that's not what I wanted. Let me just try that again.

Um, I want an example. Ah, there we go. That's just me being a bit dopey.

I couldn't see example CBO campaign there. That's what we're doing. So we've got a lookalike audience based off previous customers.

But let's say your previous customer list has only got 500 people in it. But let's say your email list has got 10,000 people in it. In which case, I also want to test a lookalike based off of your email list.

So let's go ahead and do lookalike email list. Make that a one percent as well. Now you're looking like audience based off previous customers is probably going to be a better audience.

At least at some point, it may be a better audience now, but at least at some point in the future. But if you've only got 500 people on a customer list and you've got 10,000 people on email list, the 10,000 people on the email list gives Facebook a lot more data with which to find people that are basically highly likely to buy your products. It gives Facebook more accuracy because they've got more data.

So in the earlier stages, when you haven't got a huge amount of people on your customer list, your email list, the lookalike based off your email list might outperform it as a result. That can be a little bit confusing to understand, but hopefully that makes sense. Basically, if you're in doubt, test both.

Test the lookalike based off previous customers. Test the lookalike based off your email list. See which performs better.

In the long run, when you've put lots of money behind your Facebook ad campaigns, you've generated tons of new customers, thousands of new customers, that's almost certainly going to be the better option. But when you don't have thousands of customers on a customer list, it may not be. So let's go ahead and add in the lookalike based off an email list.

Okay, so that's based off lead magnet opt-ins here instead of an email list. Just be aware that that's the same thing. Someone who's opted in for a lead magnet, they've joined your email list.

Hopefully that makes sense. Okay, I'm using old audiences I've created in this demonstration account to show you guys how this works. So this is now how we're shaping up.

Right, let's go back into our campaign. Da da da da, example CBO campaign. So we now have the 1% lookalike based off previous customers, 1% lookalike off email list, and the warm audience.

Another potential lookalike that you can create if you want, I'm not going to do it now, is a 1% lookalike audience based off people that have spent the most time on your website. So let's say for example the top 25% or top 10% of website visitors. That's an option I would use if you've got lots of website traffic.

If you're generating tens of thousands of visitors to your website a month, go ahead and test that lookalike as well. It can perform really, really well. I know that most people watching this video probably aren't in that situation where they have tens of thousands of visitors a month, so I'm not going to show you how to do that.

If you think how on earth do I go about creating a lookalike audience based off of a lookalike audience based off of the top 25% of the most engaged website visitors. That sounds really complicated. Again, link in the video description to the lookalike audience tutorial, that'll show you how to do that.

So if you're getting confused with these custom audiences, lookalike audiences, I've got other resources to help you out. Okay, so we've got that. Now that we've got three in there, we could run the campaign right now.

Not everyone will have previous customers or an email list. And even if you do have previous customers or an email list, you may want to test some interest targeting options. So what I'm also going to do, I don't want to duplicate, for some reason it won't let me, is create an ad set based off of an interest targeting option.

So let's assume this is my business and I'm advertising my Facebook advertising services, and I'm advertising it to people that are likely to be interested in Facebook advertising, right? So I could go with the Facebook for business interest as an option, because people who are interested in Facebook for business are likely to be decent prospects for what I'm advertising. So I'm not messing around in custom audiences here, I can come in and pop in here, Facebook for business.

Boom. I'm not going to show you all this other stuff, guys, I don't want this video to be three hours long. So I'm not going to show you all the other targeting options.

I'm more focused on campaign strategy and structure in this video. Now, if you're thinking, I just sort of knew that interest targeting option off the top of my head, where would you find interest targeting options that are going to suit your products and services? I've got a tutorial for that.

It's all about using Facebook audience insights. Again, link in the video description. Sorry about the massive amount of links.

I just want to make sure you guys have got the resources you need to get this stuff done. So we've now got four ad sets. That will be good to go.

Okay, we could start advertising with a structure. If you wanted, you could add in another interest targeting option. If you wanted, you could add in another lookalike based off of website visitors, like I said, that's absolutely fine.

That's up to you. What I would say is don't use more than five ad sets in your CBO campaign. Facebook, with a CBO campaign, the way it works is you're basically saying to Facebook, look, here's £100 a day or whatever you're going to spend allocated between these audiences according to performance.

So if this 1% lookalike based off previous customers is generating a much lower cost per purchase than the other ones, then great, go ahead and put more budget into that. And that's why CBO campaign budget optimization is so effective. It's because they will divvy up your budget according to performance.

So basically, a lot of budget allocation, which is one of the roles, one of the things you need to do when you're managing a Facebook ad campaign, that's handled for you. Budget allocation is handled for you to some extent. So something I really enjoy about CBO.

So one of the reasons why you would, yeah, so just to finish my previous point, so you don't want more than five ad sets in your CBO campaign because Facebook, there's too much for it to test and it finds it difficult to optimize. So five is your maximum. Three to five ad sets is perfect.

Now, if you've got, for example, six different interest targeting options that you want to target, don't put all six into one ad set. Just put one targeting option into each ad set. I'll tell you why we do that.

If you put six interests into one ad set, in fact, let's go ahead and edit this and open this up. If you put six interests in here, so let's say I had Facebook for Business, let's say I also had John Loomer, Murray Smith, these are people that are well known in the Facebook advertising industry. Okay, let's even just say I had those three, right?

And I run the campaign to those three. And let's say this ad set delivers great results. I don't know where the great results are coming from.

Is it coming from the Facebook for Business people? Is it coming from the John Loomer digital people? Is it coming from the Murray Smith audience?

I don't know. So I much prefer to break each interest out into its own ad set, work out exactly what that interest can do performance wise, because that's going to be really beneficial for you going forward in terms of running ad campaigns to audiences to know that one works, that one doesn't, that one works, that one doesn't. Okay, if you have six different targeting options that you want to test, you've been through the other tutorial, and you've got six you want to test, don't test them all at once.

They said a maximum of five ad sets, what you want to do is you want to run this campaign, come back in five to seven days, and you might see that this 1% lookalike based off email list is way outperforming these other two cold audience ad sets. In which case, fantastic, pause these two that aren't performing very well, and then test new ones to create new ad sets with the other interest targeting options you wanted to use previously. One thing I would never do in this campaign is turn off your warm audience ad set.

Why would you not want to advertise to people that are on your email list, to people that are visiting your website, to people that are previous customers of yours? Those are your best prospects. Your lowest cost per conversion is almost certainly going to come from this warm audience.

Now the reason why I love to include a warm audience inside a CBO campaign, a campaign budget optimization campaign, is Facebook would automatically calculate how much of that budget should be spent on my warm audiences. Most people will have one cold audience campaign, and then they'll have a separate warm audience campaign. And the issue is that they'll often overspend on that separate warm audience campaign, because it's really easy to overspend with warm audiences.

Remember, warm audiences are usually quite small. You might have 2,000 people in your warm audience versus a million people in your cold audience. You can't spend 30% of your budget on your warm audience.

You're way overspend on your cost per purchase or cost per lead will be really high from that warm audience. Okay, you need to, it's very important to include your warm audience ad set in a CBO campaign, and Facebook will work all that out for you. It's a fantastic feature.

Why not take advantage of it and use it? Okay, so that's the ad set level. Now, within your ad set, you've obviously got your ads.

For the ad level, I like to have three to four different ads in each ad set, but they will be the same three to four different ads in each ad set. Does that make sense? I'll show you exactly what I mean right now.

So let's say, for example, I've created one ad for whatever it is I'm advertising. Okay, I've got an image ad here. Well, perhaps I want to test that image ad against a different image.

Okay, all the ads are the same, headlines are the same, copies are the same, but the image is different. Okay, let's minimize that. So I've got image ad, image two.

That's running a test. Perhaps I also want to test that against a, some annoying reason that's not come up properly. If I go create, it should fill in.

Okay, never mind. Example CBO campaign. We're in the warm audience ad set here.

Let's go with video ad one. Okay, so perhaps I want to test those two image ads alongside a video ad that I've got created. Because all these are in draft, it's jumping me around.

Hopefully that's not getting in the way for you guys. I'm in my warm audience ad set, remember. Okay, so I've got two image ads and a video ad.

Okay, perhaps I want to test that against a carousel ad. Okay, so if we go carousel ad one. Obviously, you could name these different things according to whatever you're putting in these ads.

Okay, let's minimize that down. Right, so now you can see that in our warm audience ad set, we have got four different ads running at the same time. Now, I like to have, as I said, three or four different ads running in each ad set.

Number one, different people react to different creative. Some people are going to be drawn in by video. Some people are going to be drawn in by images.

Some people are going to be grabbed by carousels. So I would always start with testing different ad formats if possible. I appreciate it's not always possible.

Not everyone can create video, etc, etc. Sometimes you just have to go with images and that's fine. But I'd like to test different ad sets.

Sorry, different ad formats. But what I want to do is I've got, if we go to the ad set level, I've got, make sure I'm just in the one campaign. I've got four ad sets, remember.

I don't want to create 16 different ads. I want the same, these four ads to be in all four of the ad sets. So I would just grab these, duplicate across.

I want to select existing campaign. Instead of duplicating them here, I want to click add to all, delete that. It may not let me because it's all in draft, but let's just give it a go.

I don't know if that's worked. Let's have a look at the ad set level. Okay, fail to duplicate items.

It didn't work because this is all in draft. But that's fine. But basically, you want to just duplicate these, let's get back in, you want to duplicate these four ads that we've got selected here into each one of these ad sets.

And the reason why you want the same ads in each ad set is because that allows you to test properly. You know, if you had a different ad in this ad set, the 1% lookalike based off previous customers, to this ad set, the people who are interested in Facebook for business, and then one outperforms the other, you don't know what the cause of that difference, different performance is. Is it the targeting?

Or is it the ad? Okay, but if all the ads are the same, then you know it's the targeting. Does that make sense?

I hope that makes sense. If it doesn't pop a comment below, I'll try and explain in the comments. But you want to keep the ads consistent, because that'll tell you which ad set performs better.

You want to isolate variables whenever you're testing. Okay. And that is basically my structure.

So if we go back into this at the ad level, I like to start by testing ad format. I then like to move on, let's say, for example, image ads perform best. I would then test lots of different images.

Okay, once I've established some images perform really well, I would then look to test, perhaps different headlines. And then once I've worked out which headlines work really well, perhaps I've got two or three that work well, I might test some copy variations in the primary text that goes above the image. So I'll sort of work my way down in importance in terms of elements of an ad to test.

But this is how I structure a Facebook ad campaign. This is the best way to structure a Facebook ad campaign. If you're looking for conversions, one CBO campaign, three to five ad sets with one warm audience ad set, one or two interest targeting options, two to three lookalike targeting options.

And then within each ad set, you have three or four different ads, the same three or four different ads in each ad set. Hopefully that all makes sense. And that's helpful and valuable.

If you structure your campaigns this way, you are very, very much likely to see better results. And this is so much easier to manage, by the way, guys, so much easier to manage because you come in, you've got one campaign. So you have a look at the campaigns doing great.

Have a look at your ad sets in a week's time. Right, this ad set, this ad set is performing well. This one isn't right.

Pause the underperformer. Great. How are the ads doing?

Oh, Carousel is doing really well. Video's doing poorly. Image ad two's doing well.

Image ad one's doing poorly. Right. Pause the underperformers.

Let's create some new ones to test against the better performers. Okay. So this campaign, this Facebook ad campaign structure that I've shown you also really helps with your analysis and your optimization going forward.

Okay. So hopefully that's been useful. Now, at the beginning of this video, I talked about a free Facebook advertising resource, all about strategy and sales funnels I think you're going to find really, really valuable.

And that's a training that I've created, free training called three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue. And in that training, what I've basically done is I've broken down three Facebook advertising strategies that we've used. We use it all the time as a Facebook ads agency.

We implement these three strategies for our clients on a daily basis. We've generated seven plus figures with every single one of these strategies, multiple times, sometimes even on a monthly basis for clients that are working with large budgets. And so they're very much tried and tested.

They work really well. And not only I'm explaining the different strategies, I'm also breaking down each strategy and sort of explaining, okay, if you've got this type of business, you want to use this strategy. If you've got this type of business, you want to use this strategy.

And that's really important because a one size fits all approach to Facebook advertising does not work. If you're selling a $30 product or a $20,000 service, you need a different Facebook advertising strategy, obviously. Okay.

But people don't often teach that. I don't know why. As a Facebook ads agency owner, I know that's the case.

So I'd strongly recommend you go ahead and check out this training. There's a link in the video description below. It's completely free.

It's about 60, 70 minutes long. I'd strongly recommend you carve out a bit of time and go through it because look, at the end of the day, if you're advertising on Facebook and you're not using the right strategy, you are dead in the water. It doesn't matter how good your ads are, how good your targeting is, how well your campaign is structured.

If you're not using the right strategy for your business, not the right steps, not the right approach, it's just not going to work. But that's what that training is for. It's going to answer all those questions for you.

So go ahead and check it out. Free to watch, to sign up and watch that. So go ahead and do that.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up. That would be much, much appreciated. Please comment below to let me know.

I always appreciate it. If you've got any questions, pop them in the comments below. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel.

You know, I release Facebook advertising related content all the time. If you're in this space, if you want great results, I'm sure you'll find it useful. So go ahead and subscribe.

And just quickly, if you're spending more than $3,000 a month or want to spend more than $3,000 a month and want someone else to manage your Facebook ad campaigns for you, that's something that we can do. We are a fully fledged Facebook advertising agency that offer that service. And we've got a track record of delivering fantastic results for our clients.

Again, there'll be another link in the video description to our website where you can see case studies of what we've done with previous clients. And you can inquire about our services. You can book a free phone call with me and we can just have a quick chat about how we might be able to help basically.

Anyway, either option you take. Best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns. And I'll talk to you soon.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.