Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru. Today's Facebook advertising question is from a dog groomer and she said, I have a dog grooming business that I'm relocating to a new area. I need to build a new client base really quickly.

How do I do this with Facebook Ads? This is a question that I was asked in my Facebook advertising group. If you're interested, just search in Facebook for Facebook Ads Mastermind Group and ask to join and accept your request.

But back to this question. So dog grooming business, move to a new area, needs to generate clients fast. How do you go about doing it?

So this applies to a lot of service-based businesses, obviously not just dog grooming businesses. And if you want to generate customers quick, if you want to get people to take action based on your Facebook advertising, perhaps on a limited budget, but you want to do it over a very short time period, it really comes down to the offer. Now there are technical aspects of Facebook advertising that you might want to get right, such as using lookalike audiences, maybe using expertly put together ad creative.

I've got other videos on that, check out my YouTube channel for those. But the single most important thing for a business in this scenario is to use a great offer. And a great offer is usually going to be a massive discount.

Now you don't have to run this for a long time, you don't have to offer this to the new customers on an ongoing basis, but if you're a dog groomer you know there's likely to be repeat business if you do a good job the first time around. So I would go in with something really aggressive. 50% off, 75% off their first session, something like that to really get people who are scrolling through their Facebook newsfeed, they're looking at their dog, could do with a wash, nails, trimming, all that sort of stuff and they're thinking, oh wow it would normally cost, I don't know, £30 to have a dog groomed, it's on offer right now for £7.50, that's fantastic, I'm going to go ahead and book that in.

Once you've established that relationship you might get them coming back every month, three months, however often it is people have their dogs groomed. And that process can apply to a lot of service-based businesses, particularly those that have repeat businesses. So I like doing that for hair salons, restaurants, use a really strong discount, a fantastic offer early on, get people through the door and you might not make any money on that first interaction, in fact you might even lose money on it.

That's fine provided you get that person coming back again and again for months, even years, and you make a lot of money and a really good return on investment on your initial Facebook ad campaign over the long run. So hopefully that's been useful whether you've got a dog business, a dog grooming business or any other type of business. If you have, please give this video a like and subscribe to my channel.

Thanks a lot guys, bye bye.