Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I wanted to quickly talk about how to write headlines for your Facebook and Instagram ads. Now headline is obviously a very important part of a Facebook ad. If you get it wrong your ad is unlikely to succeed and a lot of people try and over complicate this and they get worried about what should I have in here and the way we approach this as a Facebook advertising agency is quite straight forward.

So we don't like to be cute or clever or try and grab someone's attention in a way that's misleading and you do see ads that work like that. We've tested that approach in the past but we find that for Facebook ad headlines that doesn't tend to perform as well. Same with Instagram.

What we like to do, what I always come back to and tell my team is let's state what the offer is in the headline but do so in a benefit rich way. So let's say for example that you're a service provider and your offer in your ad is a free consultation. Now you definitely want to make sure that you've got free consultation written in your headline.

You want to include that feature but link that through to a benefit. So let's say for example that the benefit of this free consultation is that it's with an award winning designer for example. So your headline would therefore be free consultations with our award winning designers.

It's just something a little bit extra to really lift in. It does make a difference. We've tested this.

Let's say you've got a product and you're selling leather shoes. Well you don't just want to say leather shoes. What are the benefits of that product?

Leather shoes that are handmade. Handmade leather shoes for example. That's the benefit, handmade.

Leather shoes made in the UK or the US. It's not made in a sweatshop in a third world country for example. It's leather shoes starting from $35 if price is a real selling point.

What's the selling point of your offer? Of your product or service or in the case of your service it could be obviously the offer if you've got a front end offer like a free consultation or something like that. That's what I like to include in the headline.

The feature? Tell people what the offer is. Because when people are scrolling through their Facebook feed or their Instagram feed I want them to know exactly what this is about.

People don't read your ad the first time around. They're scrolling, scrolling, scrolling, no one wants the ads. Something might catch their attention.

Could be the image. Could be the headline. And then they will investigate further.

So I want them to know exactly what this ad is for the first time they look at it. And that's why we need to include whatever the offer is in the headline. But do so in a benefit rich way.

Make sure you try and sell it. So that's what I recommend. If you enjoyed this video please give it a like.

I'd really appreciate that. Comment below to let me know. I always like it when you guys do that.

Make sure you subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content. I'm starting to release a lot of videos like this one. And more sort of long form in ad account Facebook advertising videos.

So if you want more content like that make sure you subscribe. Hit the little bell. And I will talk to you soon.

Thanks guys. Bye bye.