Hi guys, it's Ben Heath and in this video I'm going to show you how to get over 6,000 Facebook group members. So my Facebook group, the Facebook Ads Mastermind group that you can see in front of you right now, recently surpassed 6,000 members. I'll show you to prove it.

There you go, 6,023 members. And I've developed some tips and techniques of how you can go about generating Facebook group members. That's what this video is going to be all about, basically explaining the strategies that I use to get Facebook group members and get new ones.

So the first thing that I will mention is a fairly straightforward one, but really quite powerful. And that's to make sure the name of your group is something that will allow your Facebook group to be found. So this here is called, my group is called the Facebook Ads Mastermind group.

And there will be a link in the video description, by the way, in case you want to go ahead and join. If you're interested in things to do with Facebook marketing, Facebook advertising, I would recommend that you do. But it's called the Facebook Ads Mastermind group, which allows it to be found where people are searching for Facebook advertising related groups in Facebook, which people do do.

People want community. They want to have these online interactions with like-minded people and people that are interested and involved in the same things. So you do come into Facebook and they do search for groups.

Now, because mine's called the Facebook Ads Mastermind group, if someone searches for Facebook Ads, Facebook advertising, Facebook Ads Mastermind, there's a really good chance that my group is going to pop up and they can then ask to join and I can approve that request. Now, this isn't something that will necessarily deliver group members early on. When your group's very small, it's not going to rank very highly in Facebook search results.

But my group now has over 6,000 members. It does. And I would say that once my group got past about 1,000 members, which it probably took around about six months to do, this really started to take effect.

And I started to get a lot of people that hadn't interacted with me before joining my group. So it went from about 1,000 members to six months later, 6,000 members grew so much faster once I was able to get through past that threshold. So I'd recommend sticking at this and keeping going until you reach that point.

So that's the first thing I mentioned is call it something that is going to enable it to be found. If your group is all about a specific location, put that in the name. If it's about a specific industry or product or service or thing, put that in the name of the group.

Okay. So that's the first recommendation that I would have. So that's the second one, second technique I've used is to invite people that like your Facebook page to join your group.

So you can see here that, you know, group by Ben Heath, which is my Facebook page, which has 82,185 Facebook page likes. So I can invite, I'll scroll down a little bit and show you. I can invite, you can see here, invite members.

And these suggested members are people that like my page. I can invite around about 50 people a day who like my page to join my Facebook group. Now, if you're sending out 50 invites a day, it doesn't take very long for you to build quite a large Facebook group.

So this is definitely a technique I recommend. Very easy to do. Just come in every day and just click, click, click, click, click on the invite members.

And a lot of those people will accept that request because they've already shown they're interested in whatever it is that you talk about by liking your Facebook page. Now, if you don't have, you know, 82,000 or whatever Facebook page likes like I do, that's absolutely fine. And you can invite, you know, the people that you already have.

But if you need more Facebook page likes, then I've actually created a whole video about how to set up a Facebook page like campaign, how to advertise for page likes, which are relatively expensive, and then invite those people to join your group. I created a video about that. That will be in the description of this video.

So go ahead and check that out after you've watched this for the sort of detailed step by step approach around that strategy. But that's a very, very effective one. We found that that works much better than directly advertising a Facebook group.

So that's something that I would strongly recommend doing. It's a great way to grow a group and get lots of engaged members in there. Okay, so that's tip number two.

Moving on to the third one, the third technique that we use is to include a link to your Facebook group in any sort of email autoresponders or, you know, automatic communication that you have with your prospects and with your customers. So anyone that downloads one of my lead magnets called the five part Facebook ad template, which you can download for free, by the way, guys. Again, there'll be a link in the video description and they download my five part Facebook ad template.

They are sent this welcome email and right at the beginning of this welcome email, it says, I'm just going to quickly read the front, the beginning of it for you. It says, Hey, first name. My name is Ben Heath and I'm the CEO of lead guru.

I just wanted to take a second to say hello and welcome. I also wanted to invite you to join my free Facebook ads mastermind group. And I've obviously got a link in there.

If you run Facebook ad campaigns for your company or work for an agency, this Facebook group is the perfect place to get your questions answered. Go ahead and join it now and fire away with your Facebook advertising questions. We're happy to help.

And then I go on to talk about some, some other stuff. But if you have people that are interacting with your business and being sent, you know, emails or other forms of communication, which you almost certainly do, including this in here is very easy to do. It doesn't cost you any extra, but this gets me a lot of group members because I have a lot of people sign up for my Facebook ad template every day.

And a lot of them will receive this email and yet they want to be involved in a Facebook group like this. They know it's going to be very helpful. Now, I don't just include a link.

I also kind of sell it as I just went through that with you. So it's a perfect place to get your questions answered. We're happy to help, et cetera, et cetera.

So think about that. But include this in your to responders. If you're running a lead magnet campaign, just pop it in there.

It's going to get you group members and build up over time and be very significant. If you're an e-commerce business and you're sending out receipts or order confirmation emails, just include a little PS at the bottom that says, oh, by the way, there's a Facebook group that we've set up for people just like you that are interested in outdoor furniture or whatever it happens to be. Why don't you go ahead and join?

That will get you group members. So that's something that I would strongly recommend doing is including that, as I said, very easy to do, but over time can deliver great results. Again, if you're a service business, anyone that inquires in the response email to them, which says, thank you very much for getting in touch.

We'll get back to you within 24 hours or whatever. Just a little PS. We've got this Facebook group.

Go ahead and join. Strongly recommend you do that. Okay.

Those are the three tips. And I want to give you one quick bonus one. I'm going to go back to my Facebook group to do that.

And that's to make sure that you really get involved and engage with your Facebook group members. So I am in my Facebook group all the time answering questions and posting little videos and pieces of content and all sorts of things that show that, you know, here's a little video I just posted today that show that I'm active and that I'm getting involved and it helps everyone else stay active and just really increases the engagement in the group. I don't just sort of get people in there and then forget about it.

I'm engaged in the process that helps you get more group members. Well, firstly, it helps you retain group members, which is obviously important. You don't want people leaving or becoming sort of disengaged and disinterested, not getting involved.

But also because I'm delivering a lot of value with my Facebook group, it's going to spread. People are going to talk about it. If someone's advertising on Facebook and they're a part of my group and they're seeing all the value they get, they get all the questions answered and advice from me, and they have other friends that are advertising on Facebook, they're going to let them know.

They're going to say, oh, there's this awesome group you want to join, get involved because there's this guy that helps us out, who provides us information, this awesome community that gets going. It's not just me in here. There's other people that get involved answering questions and things like that.

That's obviously going to help spread your group via word of mouth if it's really valuable to people. So get involved in your group, answer questions, ask questions, get people involved, engaged, and that will help you find Facebook group members. So hopefully this video has been useful.

If it has, it would really, really help me out if you would leave a comment below to let me know, if you give the video a like, and you subscribe to my YouTube channel. Quick and easy things for you to do, but they would be much, much appreciated by yours truly. If you do have any questions about any of those techniques or anything else like that, again, pop them in the comments below.

If you want to join this group, it will be in the video description. So go ahead and join. We'd love to have you.

As I said, 6,000 plus members. It's a fantastic community for all things Facebook advertising, Facebook marketing. You can get involved and get your questions answered.

And the last thing is my five part Facebook ad template. I mentioned it a minute ago, but it's something you can download right now for free. There'll be a link in the video description.

It includes some of the best performing ads we've created for our clients in a number of different industries. If you're looking for better Facebook advertising results, it's very much likely to help you out. And if you do sign up, you'll end up receiving this welcome email and you'll see the exact process that I have talked about.

So thanks a lot, guys. I will talk to you soon. Bye bye.