Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to generate leads from Facebook very inexpensively. In fact, I'm going to show you a strategy that I've used to generate over 17,000 leads for just £1.7 each. That's roughly $1.30 each.

So if you want to generate leads from Facebook, you don't want them to cost a fortune, you want to generate them as cheaply as possible, this video is definitely for you. I'm going to go through the entire process and show you step by step, so make sure you stick around to it so that you understand the entire thing. That's going to enable you to get the best results.

Okay, so let's get started. So first thing we need to do is just show you the results that I've gotten to prove that this is actually true and this is what we're able to achieve and what we're able to generate. So we're going to focus on this campaign here.

It's a Facebook ad template, Lead Magnet Convergence. Don't worry about that, I'll explain that later. It has generated, as you can see, 17,422 leads to date, reached almost a million people.

We have, some reason it's not letting me scroll across, scroll across now. We have a cost per lead of £1.07p, as I mentioned, cost per link click of 84p. People have commented in the past that you can just set up leads to track link clicks.

That's not the case. These are people that are actually leads. It's not everyone that's clicked.

Spent £18,000 on that campaign and it's done a whole bunch of other things. Tons of comments, tons of engagements, etc, etc. So campaign was very, very successful.

What we did is we created a conversions campaign that is advertising a lead magnet. A lead magnet is something that you give away for free in exchange for people's email address or something like that that delivers value. So the thing that we're giving away for free is our five-part Facebook ad template, which if you do want to download, by the way, go ahead and click on the link in the video description.

As I said, you can download it for free. Very valuable if you're looking to get better results from Facebook. And we wanted to advertise this template.

And that's what we're doing with this campaign. We used a conversions campaign. We targeted people who had already downloaded the template.

Sorry, we targeted a lookalike audience of people who had already downloaded the template. That's really important for generating cheap leads on Facebook, is to create a lookalike audience based off your previous leads. So whenever you get leads in, maybe you can go back through your email history or whatever, generate a list, collate all the people that have become a lead of your business, upload that to Facebook and create a lookalike audience based off those people.

And that's who you want to target when you're running your lead campaigns, when you're running your campaigns to generate leads. Now, one thing I will say is this is not a lead generation campaign. So we're not generating these leads on Facebook.

We're sending people to our website and generating leads there. Leads tend to be better quality when you do that, as opposed to using Facebook lead ads, Facebook lead generation campaigns. If you want to find out how to create lookalike audiences, it's not something I'm going to cover in this video.

Again, there will be a link in the video description. So if you're thinking lookalike audience based off previous leads, what is that? Then check that out.

Also, if you did want to create a lead generation campaign, you're not interested in sending people to a website, again, there'll be another link in the video description. Check that out for that information. I'm going to focus on the exact strategy that I use to generate these fantastic results.

Okay, so what you need to know is we've got the Facebook ad template. That's what we're advertising. We're sending people to our website where they can download it for free and become a lead that way.

We can obviously follow up and look to progress them onto our services. I'll show you the process. So I've explained the campaign type, which is conversions.

I've explained who we're targeting, which is lookalikes based off of previous leads, so people who had already opted in to the Facebook ad template. We're advertising almost exclusively in the UK. You could achieve cheaper results in less expensive markets to advertise in, so it's an expensive market, and we still were able to generate leads for just £1.7 each.

Now let's take a look at the ad itself because that's one of the most important components. So I've got it loaded up here as an example. So this is the exact ad we've used.

You can see, look, it's got 576 comments, 180,000 views, 355 shares, 1,800 post reactions. Now the first thing I would say is that it's a video ad. Video ads are a lot more engaging on average than image ads, particularly for service-based businesses that want to generate leads.

A lot of e-commerce product-based businesses can get away with generating, can get away with sort of single image ads. In fact, they often produce the best results. But for service businesses, I think video is best, and I think a face-to-camera video produces the best results.

Now this video isn't just talking about the Facebook ad template. That wouldn't work very well. It needs to deliver value at the beginning before it then talks about the reason why people want to go ahead and download the template and explain some things around that.

So I'll read the text quickly, and then we'll go into the video itself. So if you're trying to promote your business on Facebook, then you're probably wasting your time. And in this video, I explain why and what you need to do to actually get results.

Then after that, I've just got some summary about the five-part Facebook ad template and a link to the website. You can see there's no sort of call to action button or headline or anything like that. There's just a link in the video description.

I can get away with this sort of copy because all the information is contained in the video. As you can see from here, this video is all about why you're wasting your time on Facebook. That's the thing that's grabbing people's attention.

If someone's advertising on Facebook or promoting their business organically, they see that and they go, what? Why am I wasting my time on Facebook? I need to have a look at this, et cetera, et cetera.

That's going to grab their attention. Then I deliver value. I tell them how to not waste their time on Facebook.

And then I end with the call to action of, if you want really good results from your Facebook ads, go ahead and download the five-part Facebook ad template. So let's just quickly watch a little bit of this. I'm not going to go through the whole thing.

I'll link to it again in the video description. I'd recommend you check out this video. But let's just watch the first little bit just so you can see how I grab people's attention because that's a very, very important part of a Facebook video ad.

If you're trying to promote your business on Facebook, then you're probably wasting your time. And in this video, I'm going to explain why and what you need to do on Facebook to actually get results. My name is Ben Heath and I'm the founder and CEO of Lead Guru, which is a London-based digital marketing agency.

Okay, so the vast majority of small business owners and marketers... Great. So just wanted to show you how that kicks off.

It's grabbing people's attention with why you're wasting your time with Facebook. And then I include the value proposition. Watch this video because I'm going to explain why you're wasting your time.

I'm going to explain how you can improve your results, et cetera, et cetera. It's also a face-to-camera video ad that's shot professionally. That's an important component of advertising videos on Facebook.

Shaky phone videos don't perform as well when you're looking to generate leads for your business. So this sort of setup is what I found to work best. It's not that expensive to do.

You can hire video editors on upwork.com. You can rent out a studio or get a videographer around, which is what we did for this one, fairly inexpensively for a day, record a video, and go with that. If you're going to be putting thousands, tens of thousands of dollars behind a Facebook ad, it's well worth investing a little bit up front to make sure that ad is as good as possible.

Okay. So that's the video. As I said, if you want to check it out, the rest of it, I would recommend it.

I'll include a link in the video description. At the end, there's the call to action. People, in fact, let me just play the last little bit because I think that'll be useful.

You can obviously model from the examples given, and it should really help you. Let me get what we've included in each. Let me get to the five-part Facebook ad template.

Let me get to the five-part Facebook ad template. Here we go. And that you can download right now for free.

In this ad template, I've included some of our best-performing ads that we've created for our clients in a number of different industries. I've broken each ad down and explained what we've included in each and why. So if you're looking to promote your business on Facebook, then you'll find this really, really useful.

You can obviously model from the examples given, and it should really help you guys out. As I said, you can download it right now for free. All you need to do is click on the link in the video description above.

That will take you through to our website, and you'll be able to download it there. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like. Okay, so that's it.

That's the call to action at the end, basically. I'm explaining what it is, five-part Facebook ad template, why they want it. You can model from the ads.

This is, you know, you can see a bunch of really high-performing ads, and you can get it for free. Just click on the link. So people go ahead and they click on that link, and they come through to this page.

So this is just a simple lead magnet opt-in page. It's five-part Facebook ad template on our website. Nice little image there.

We've got some of the value, four bullet points here, that talk about why, again, you might want to download it, copy and paste. So that's it. That very, very simple opt-in page, the sort of thing you might see.

If you click on the link in the video description, you will be taken to this page, and this is where you will see it. If they want to get the Facebook ad template, they need to click on this button. Now, when I click on this button here, we now have this set up because we want to build our Facebook Messenger subscriber list.

So someone now needs to click send to Messenger. This five-part Facebook ad template will be sent to them via Facebook Messenger. They'll also be automatically added to our Messenger subscriber list so that we can market to those people on an ongoing basis.

You could set this up slightly differently so that when they click on the button, they then need to enter their name and email address. That's what we had for years of running this ad because we wanted to build our email list. But because Facebook Messenger engagement rates, open rates, click-through rates, when you send people a message, are much higher than the equivalent via email.

This is what we've decided to do now. We've set this up with ManyChat, by the way, in case you're interested. It's a fantastic tool.

I would recommend it. People click on this. They are sent the Facebook Messenger...

Sorry, they are sent the five-part Facebook ad template via Facebook Messenger and they're automatically redirected to this page. So this is a thank you page and you can see it says here, again, on our website, thank you for downloading my five-part Facebook ad template. Your requested download is being sent to you right now.

Before you check it out, watch this video. Again, if you go ahead and download the five-part Facebook ad template, you will automatically be taken to this page and I'd really recommend you do that so you can see the entire process. So when someone lands on this page, we've registered them as a lead.

They're on either our email list or our Facebook Messenger list, which means we can market to them on an ongoing basis. But right here now on the thank you page, we're going to try and upgrade these people from a lead to a customer. So here is where we talk about, in this little video, come through to this page, I'm not going to play it now, but this little video talks about all about our services as a Facebook advertising agency, how we can help you out and things like that.

And at the end of this video, I encourage people to schedule a free strategy session with me. So they click on that button, they go through to another page on my website where they can book a slot directly into my calendar. And then of course I can have a conversation with them, look what it is they want to achieve on Facebook and hopefully progress those people to customers.

I've also got some other information regarding fantastic results we've achieved with other clients and ROI figures of 19X and fantastic things we've been able to do and stuff like that on here, which has helped convince people to go ahead and book that session with us. So I would recommend you go through the entire process, go through each step, where you want to start is you can either go to this video, which again will be in the description, this video on YouTube, and then you can click through, download the five-hour Facebook ad template, you're going to find that very, very valuable and you can go through each steps and show that how we generate the leads and then also how we then look to convert those leads into customers. The most important parts of this video and this setup are that you have a conversions campaign.

If we go back here, you can see, you know, that's written there, conversions. So using the conversions objective, which means you need the Facebook pixel installed on your website. Then you're, then actually before the ad, you're targeting lookalikes that are based on people that have already become a lead.

So a lookalike based on previous leads, that will almost certainly produce the best results. Of course, if you want to retarget website visitors and things like that as well, absolutely fine. But in terms of cold audiences, go for lookalikes and then use a video ad, preferably a face to camera video ad like this one and go through this process and think of some of the points that I've mentioned.

Grab their attention with an engaging headline, deliver value in the video and then end with a call to action and really sell your call to action. Then of course they click on this, they go through and they go through that other process. So this works really well as a funnel.

It's not very complicated. So we've got the ad itself. We've then got the landing page.

We've got the opt-in either via messenger or email. And then we've got the thank you page, which looks to sell people and get them to book a phone call with me and potentially become customers. Very, very simple, incredibly effective.

If you're a service provider, this can work in tons of industries. All you need is a lead magnet, a little bit of work set up up front and you can run this. As I said, this generated over 17, what are the results here?

What is it? 17,422 leads, people on our email list or on our Facebook messenger list. We can market to them going forward very inexpensively.

And of course, a good percentage of those people go through from opting in for the template to landing on this page and they book a strategy session and we can generate customers that way. So hopefully that has been very, very useful. If it has, please give the video a thumbs up, subscribe to my YouTube channel.

Don't forget to go through the process and grab my five-part Facebook ad template. You'll find that very, very useful. If you've got any questions, leave them below.

I will get to them. I imagine this video is going to generate a few questions because there are interesting and potentially confusing elements. But if you can put these pieces together, it can work really well for you and it can run on autopilot.

All I have to do with this is just receive sessions that get booked in and I go ahead and call people. In fact, that's the reason why the campaign is off right now is because we're more or less fully booked and we get tons of sessions in. I can't handle the volume.

We need to hire someone for help with that. But this works really, really well. Would highly recommend it.

Hopefully it'll work for you. If it does, leave a comment below. And yeah, thanks a lot, guys.

Bye-bye.