Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video, I'm going to show you how to advertise an interior design business on Facebook. How can interior design companies, interior designers, go about generating new clients from Facebook ads? It absolutely can be done.

We've done it with a number of interior designers, a couple we've worked with for years, very, very successfully. So I'm gonna show you that exact process. I've received a few messages recently from people that follow me about wanting me to create videos around industry-specific Facebook advertising strategies, because the strategies that you use on Facebook to advertise an e-commerce business are very different to how you should advertise an interior design business.

If you use the strategy for the wrong one, it's just not going to work. So I'm gonna create some more of these videos that are sort of industry-specific. Thought I'd start with an interior design business because that's one we've done a lot of work in.

So I'm in one of our interior design clients' accounts. What I thought I'd do is create an example campaign, basically recreate some of the stuff that we've used in the past. Thought that would be most useful.

So obviously you wanna go into Facebook's ads manager. That's where I am. That was that previous screen.

You wanna go ahead and click that green plus create button and create a new campaign. So let's go ahead and call this example, interior design campaign. Buying type, auction, absolutely fine.

Now, the campaign objective, very, very important. You can use something like conversions and send people to your website. If you're going to do that, you need to have the Facebook pixel installed.

Check out the video description for a link to a video that shows you exactly how to install the Facebook pixel. But if you're getting started, let's say you haven't done much advertising on Facebook or what you've done hasn't worked previously, I would keep it simple if you're an interior designer and go with lead generation. Campaign budget optimisation, you can leave on.

Obviously set a daily budget, whatever you're comfortable with. Then you want to scroll down to the ad set level. I'm just gonna call that example ad set.

Then I'm gonna go ahead and call that example ad. I'm just going to quickly save that to draft. Then I'm gonna go through those three steps.

If you need to Facebook advertising, Facebook ad campaigns are broken down into three steps. You've got your campaign level, which is this, where basically all you have is campaign budget optimisation, your buying type, which all I can do is, oh, the reach and frequency is available on this account. That's interesting.

All I can do is, usually most ad accounts are still just auction, and then obviously objective, I've got lead generation. So campaign level is dealt with. Nothing more you need to do here.

Let's go to the ad set level, which you can either do clicks in here or clicking in here. Obviously set your Facebook page. That's what this interior design business is called, designed by Deborah.

And then let's scroll down. Don't worry about dynamic creative. Don't worry about catalogue.

There's a lot of things I'm gonna tell you you don't need to worry about, which is probably gonna be good news because Facebook ad campaigns could be pretty daunting otherwise. You know, if you're watching this video, you're probably an interior designer. You want to crack on with being an interior designer, not becoming a Facebook advertising expert.

Custom audiences don't worry about either. Right now, the vast majority of interior design businesses operate on a local basis. Usually we're really quite a local basis because obviously you're managing projects, you want everything to be close, you've got local suppliers, et cetera, et cetera.

So what I would recommend that you do is pop in whatever town you work in and keep the location pretty small around your area. So I'm based in Sirencester, which is quite a small city in the UK. At 25 miles, it moved, it's probably too big.

Let's go down to, let's say 15 miles. That includes Gloucester. You know, you've obviously got a map here.

You can see this. You might want to have a play around with the settings. Just make sure you just get your town.

If there's another big one close by, like Gloucester, that I want to avoid, then you might want to do something like that. Okay, so first thing to do is enter in your location targeting parameter. Then take a look at potential reach.

So you can see here I've got 290,000 people. Okay, just keep that in mind as we do the next stuff. So the next thing I'd recommend is obviously your age and gender-based targeting stuff.

So I would say, having worked closely with interior designers before, anyone under 35 is unlikely to hire an interior design company. Yes, you could have some people that are younger, but for the most part, people just don't have the finances at those younger ages to be able to afford that. So I would go with 35 plus.

I don't think there's any reason to put a higher end on it. You can just leave that open. Whilst men and women hire interior designers, the people who are going to be most responsive that we found with Facebook advertising is going to be women.

They're going to be the one that people that are most likely to see an ad, take an action, et cetera, et cetera. So now you can see I've got 35 plus female in my local area. My reach is already down to 92,000.

I'm not going to make any other targeting criteria, add them in here. I'm not going to add in any demographics, interest behaviors, because the audience is already under 100,000. I'm not going to mess around with that.

Now, if you were, for example, based in the center of London or New York or Singapore, big cities, and you're looking at this number and it's much larger, let's say, you know, 500,000, 750,000, something like that. Okay, in that case, you might want to add in some interest targeting options. The most obvious one would just be people that are interested in interior design.

And you can see that that's going to cut me down from 92,000 all the way down to 38,000. So if you've got, let's say, 300,000 people in your audience, adding something like that in will be absolutely fine. There are other options in here you can play around with, but it's basically going to be open or interior design for the vast majority of people watching this business.

Don't overthink it. This is perfectly fine setup. Connections, don't worry about it.

Leave automatic placements on. We're using the lead generation campaign objective. Facebook will work out which placement within Facebook is most likely to get the best results.

So you don't need to tell it what to do. Optimization delivery, all that you can leave as standard. So all we've done at the ad set level, which can look very scary, there are tons and tons of options, is we've popped in our location targeting, our age and our gender information, maybe a bit of detail targeting, like people that are interested in interior design.

Very, very, very straightforward. Okay, and now we go to the ad level. Example ad, make sure you're using the right page, the right Instagram account.

Because we've used automatic placements, this ad is going to show up on Instagram feed, Facebook feed, everywhere where you want your ads to show up when you're advertising on Facebook and Instagram, to reach the most people within your local audience. Okay, you can advertise using video ads, carousels, all sorts of different advanced Facebook advertising formats. But when you're creating Facebook ads for an interior designer, for an interior design business, start simple.

Start with a single image ad. Interior design is obviously an industry that lends itself very, very well to images. It's what your whole business is about is what the thing looks like.

So, what you want to do is go ahead and select an image from your portfolio, one that you like the look of. This one's put one in automatically, which is this sort of lounge image here. I could just leave this image as it is to make it straightforward.

I could also use change image and take a look at some of the other images that we've got in this ad account. They're going to take a little bit of time to load because I'm recording this video. But here we go.

We could use some of these images. We could also click up here on stock images. And I could go ahead, if you don't have much of a portfolio yet, let's say you're just getting started, you could go ahead and pop in interior design, which I'm sure I did.

Yeah, it's just taking a bit of time to load. Facebook ads manager is quite an ask on a computer, particularly when you're recording the video. So sorry about the delay.

But if you go ahead and... So Facebook have teamed up with Shutterstock. You can use Shutterstock's images in your Facebook ads for free.

Absolutely fantastic. So you can pop in something like interior design and you'll see, boom, there's going to be tons of different options. You've obviously got some like awesome looking houses in here.

You could go ahead and just select an option. So let's say, for example, I don't have a portfolio. I can go ahead and select that instead of using one of their portfolio images like that.

And fantastic. There we go. Obviously the watermark, the Shutterstock's watermark is going to be gone.

That might not be your style. Absolutely fine. Pick whatever image that you want.

You're the expert. I'm not. I'm just telling you about the Facebook advertising process.

So first thing we've got the image. Next, we've got the primary text, which goes above the image here. What I think you should start with is what I call the callout method.

So I know from working with interior designers that most people hire an interior designer when they either decided to redecorate and maybe do a refurbishment to their property or they've decided to move house. So let's go with something like moving house. Redecorating.

Something along those lines as an opening to the copy. What that's going to do is if you are moving house or you are redecorating and you're scrolling through your Facebook news feed, that's going to grab your attention. That's exactly what I want it to do.

Then we're going to go with something like emphasizing the benefit of the service. So we'll design a... I told you I can't type when I'm speaking.

We'll design a beautiful interior for your home. We'll design a beautiful interior for home and manage the project for you. Something along those lines.

You might want to change the wording of that. You might want to make it a little bit more in line with your style and that sort of stuff. But you can see the story that we're talking about.

Got two great benefits in there. We'll design a beautiful interior for home and manage the project for you. Great.

People don't want to manage the project themselves. That's a lot of work, a lot of hassle. And yeah, they want a beautiful interior in their home.

Something along those lines. Now the headline. This is the real crux of it.

If you're an interior designer, you probably already offer free consultations. And that's what we're going to advertise on Facebook. The whole point of this Facebook ad is to advertise free consultations.

So let's go with something like free interior design consultations. How about that? And that's going to pop up right there.

So that's going to let anyone who's scrolling through the Facebook newsfeed know, oh, I can get a free interior design consultation. Fantastic. If you try and advertise your services as an interior designer and try and charge your design fee or your project management fee or whatever it is that you structure it, it's just too big an ask.

They haven't met you. They haven't spoken to you. They haven't sat down with you.

It's too big a risk for them. But anyone can sign up to a free consultation. What have they got to lose?

30 minutes, 45 minutes, something like that. Very, very easy to do that. And whenever you're advertising to cold audiences on Facebook and you're offering something, you want to offer something that's very easy for people to say yes to.

Then obviously, once they're further down the process, once you've met with them, once you've developed some rapport, you've signed them for a proposal, they could be more likely to work with you. Okay, description goes underneath. It's completely optional, but you could do something like click here to sign up for your free interior design consultation.

There we go. I wrote that without any spelling errors. Click here to sign up for your free interior design consultation.

That's not going to show up on the mobile newsfeed as a placement option, as you can see beneath here. But on the desktop newsfeed, it will. These, by the way, are all the different placement options.

So you can have a look at what it looks like within Facebook, within, if you want to see, so what will this ad look like in Instagram? When it loads, it will look like this. So far, we haven't quite finished it yet, but so far.

Okay. Display link, you just want to put in the name of your website there. Fairly straightforward.

What that applies to, let's go back to Facebook. Let's go to the mobile newsfeed. Is this here?

Where it says FB.me, that would just say the name of your website there. So this company is called Designed by Deborah. If you're based in and around Berkshire and need interior design services, make sure you check them out.

They do fantastic work. Berkshire, England, by the way, guys, in case you're watching this somewhere else. Okay.

So you pop that in there and that comes across there. Right. Now, the call to action.

Sign up is perfect, really, for free interior design consultations. Out of these options, you just want to go with the one that best describes the action that you want people to take. Sign up is perfectly fine.

You could do book now, but I'm going to go ahead and sign up. Now, because we've used a lead generation campaign, and if you're not familiar with lead generation campaigns, otherwise known as lead ads, I'll include a link in the video description below to another video that's all about Facebook lead ads. In fact, I actually got the number one ranking video on Facebook lead ads on YouTube.

It's a fantastic video. You should check that out for more information. I lost my train of thought.

I lost my train of thought. Oh, yeah. Okay.

So with the Facebook lead generation campaign, instead of taking people through to your website, instead, they stay on Facebook and they can submit their information on Facebook. Makes it very, very easy for people to do so. And that way, they can submit their information.

They can go about their business without leaving Facebook. And you can obviously follow up, call them, and book in this free interior design consultation. So in order to do that, we haven't got a link to send people to our website and create.

Instead, we need to create a lead form, which is what we're going to do. So if you select create a new lead form here, I'm just going to create a new form. Okay.

So let's give this a quick name. Let's go with example, interior design lead form. Name is something that you'll recognize later on.

It sounds obvious when you first get started, but when you've got an account where you've got dozens of forms, you want something that you can understand. Form type, go with more volume to start with. Intro, turn that off.

No need for it. It is optional anyway. As I said, I like to keep things as simple as possible.

So sign up by providing your info below. Let's make that a little bit better. Let's go for a sign up for a free interior design consultation by providing your info below.

Just telling people exactly what to do. Just tell people exactly what you want to do. You want them to give their email address, their full name, so they can sign up for a free consultation and you can follow up with them.

So Facebook's default are email and full name, which is what we want. But we also, very, very importantly, want the phone number. If you just ask for an email address and you follow up via email, it's very easy for people to ignore you.

Yes, they were interested in a free consultation, but if you email them tomorrow, oh, they're busy, I can't be bothered to get that booked in, they don't bother following up. If you include a phone number and call them, you're far more likely to get them actually booked in for that free consultation. And obviously the free consultation is the gateway to that person becoming a client.

So make sure you ask for their phone number. You don't need to ask for anything else. If you really want to, you could go ahead and ask for things like postcode or zip code if you're in the US.

Somebody's not coming up. Zip code if you're in the US. City to try and find out where they're located.

There's all sorts of other user information or even your own custom questions that you could ask. Things like, are you interested in residential interior design, commercial interior design? But when you're running Facebook ads for an interior designer, you know, I don't think extra information is necessary at this stage.

You can get all that when you call these people or when you meet with them during the free consultation. You don't need to collect it during the Facebook ad. And to be honest, any extra information you ask here is likely to reduce your response rate, which is something that you don't want.

So I would say email, full name, phone number, call them as quickly as possible. I'll get to that in a minute. Call them as quickly as possible after they submit their details.

Catch them whilst they're fresh. If they don't respond to you via the phone, leave a message, try again the next day. If you still don't get a response, send them an email.

You're not going to contact anyone. That's not realistic. Don't worry about that.

The key is to generate enough leads so that you can still make this work nicely for you. And it's very profitable for your business. Okay.

Privacy policy. You need to include a link to your website's privacy policy. You're collecting data from Facebook.

Obviously the privacy issues recently, they're very hot on that. And you need a thank you screen. So here you've got, thanks, you're all set.

Your info has been sent to Design by Deborah. Tap below to the visit. View website.

Just pop in a link to your website there. Absolutely fine. You could change this to your info is sent to Design by Deborah.

They'll be in touch shortly to arrange your free consultation. But something like that doesn't really matter. It's very straightforward.

Pop your link in there and then you want to click finish. Facebook is not going to let me do that because I haven't popped in a privacy policy or a website link. But that's what you want to do.

Then you want to run that Facebook ad campaign. In terms of starting budget, just go with something that you're comfortable with. I've created another video about setting budgets.

So if you're trying to calculate how much you need to spend, go ahead and check out the video description. There will be a link to that and see how it performs. I would expect this sort of campaign, depending on the quality of your image and things like that, to generate leads for less than $10 each.

Which given your average customer value as an interior designer, we've worked with interior designers. Some have average customer values of £30,000. Some have average customer values of £100,000.

There's basically no way that this campaign can't be profitable for you if you're generating leads for $10, $20 each. It absolutely will be profitable for you. What you might find is that not everyone is the right type of prospect.

So you don't have to meet with them all. If you call them to set up the free consultation, it turns out they're just wanting to do one spare room and they haven't got a lot of money to spend and you don't want to work with them. That's absolutely fine.

You don't have to meet with them. You can say, oh, I'm sorry, our minimum project value is $100,000 or something along those lines. But the ones that you do want to meet with, fantastic, go ahead and meet with them.

It might take a little bit of time to get your first client, but in terms of whether this will work and whether this will be profitable, it is absolutely guaranteed. You would have to generate about 1,000 leads for your Facebook advertising cost to exceed what you're going to make back from the customer. And if you can't convert one in 1,000 leads and you've got far more issues with your interior design business than just Facebook advertising.

You know, so for example, one of the companies we work with, I know their numbers quite well, they meet with around about three out of 10 leads, I believe. They're quite high end. I think their average, their minimum project value is about £100,000.

So that's $130,000, something like that. They meet with around three in 10 and then they convert one in three. So they convert one in 10 prospects leads that they fill out.

So if you think that their lead cost is roughly, let's say, $10 each, costing around about $100 to generate a new customer, that's then going to be worth, you know, £100,000 plus, something along those lines. I might be off-sighted with those numbers, but even if they are, they're still very, very profitable. So hopefully you're really excited about this.

You're very happy to get started with your Facebook advertising. If you've been through this video and it still looks all a bit confusing, you want to advertise to people on your website, Facebook Pixel, all that sort of confusing stuff, and you'd like us to do it as a business, go ahead and get in touch. There will be a link in the video description below to our services page.

You can obviously contact us, book in a call with me, and we can talk about the details. If you found this video useful, please give it a thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content.

Got any questions, pop them in the comments below, and I will talk to you soon. Thanks a lot guys. Bye bye.