Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru, and in this video, I'm gonna talk about how often you should adjust your Facebook ad campaigns. Now, a massive mistake that I see so many Facebook advertisers make is that they launch a new Facebook ad campaign, and they're super excited about Facebook advertising. They think it's gonna be the thing that's gonna make their business super successful.

And it can be, but that enthusiasm means they're constantly tinkering, constantly making adjustments, because they want things to be as successful as possible, as fast as possible. So they're in there, you know, campaign goes live, six hours later, they're changing something. And then the next morning, they're changing something.

And the next afternoon, they're changing something. And that really will jeopardize the results you're gonna get from your Facebook ad campaigns. There's a few important concepts to be aware of when you're running Facebook ad campaigns and when you're adjusting Facebook ad campaigns.

The first is the learning phase. So when you launch a new Facebook ad campaign, or you make a significant adjustment, that campaign will go through the learning phase. And the learning phase is basically Facebook's mechanism for working out which elements within your campaign are gonna deliver the best results.

So for example, let's say you're advertising to half a million people. Well, out of those half a million people, there are gonna be some people within that that are far more likely to purchase, or become a lead, or convert, or take whatever action you want people to take. Facebook is going to, in that learning phase, advertise to different segments within your target audience, and try and work that out for you.

They're trying to work out, aha, for this product, this segment of this target audience is gonna work really well. Because of course, you know, unless you've got a monstrous budget, you're not gonna be advertising to all half a million people, not in the short term anyway. You're gonna be advertising to a small segment of that.

Likewise with ads. If you've created multiple ads, Facebook is gonna deliver each of those ads, and try and work out which one delivers the best results, and then they're gonna put more budget, and keep delivering the ones that are working very well, and not the ones that are underperforming. So the learning phase is fantastic.

It really helps improve all the results we get from Facebook advertising, improve all Facebook ad campaign performance. We'd all be paying much higher conversion costs without it, so it's great, but during that learning phase, and how long the learning phase lasts depends on your campaign, your budget, et cetera, et cetera. But let's give an average of 48 hours, two days.

During that learning phase, your results are likely to be quite erratic, because Facebook's going through that testing process. In the process of working out which segment of your audience performs best, they're going to have to advertise to underperforming segments, and your cost per conversion is likely very high, your conversion volume is likely to be very high during that process. If you're constantly making adjustments to your campaigns, you're never gonna get out of the learning phase.

You're constantly going to be in that learning phase, so your results are gonna continue to be really erratic. And if you've seen really erratic results, and you are one of those people that adjusts a Facebook ad campaign often, this is probably why. If one day you get great results, the next day terrible results, and it goes up and down, up and down, et cetera, et cetera, this is the number one reason why.

So you need to give your campaigns time to get out of the learning phase. Generate some proper data that you can use to properly analyze your campaign, and then adjust accordingly. Because again, if you're making adjustments off of six hours data, you could pause an ad that looks like it's underperforming, but it may actually have been your best ad going forward if you'd have given it enough time.

It's just that over six hours worth of data, it looked like it wasn't doing very well. But if you gave it six days, it might have been the best performer. So you can make false conclusions if you analyze data on a too short-term basis, particularly whilst it's during the learning phase, and that will lead you to make incorrect adjustments, and basically jeopardize your Facebook ad campaign performance.

Here's what I'd recommend in terms of adjustments. I don't like to adjust a Facebook ad campaign more often than once every seven days. Now sometimes you have to, if you are running a flash sale, for example, or anything that's timely, you're going to have to make adjustments.

But in an ideal world, I wouldn't adjust things more than once every seven days. So I would launch a campaign, leave it seven days. Let's say it takes two days to go through the learning phase, that's going to give me then five days of accurate, stable data that I can use to analyze, and then make adjustments.

I can accurately tell which are the best performing targeting options, which ads deliver the best results, etc, etc. Then I make those adjustments, and I might make a bunch of adjustments in one go. Let's say there's four or five different adjustments I need to make.

I might do them all in that after those seven days. I won't do one every day, because of course, again, that's going to keep us in the learning phase. So I might make four or five adjustments.

Okay, let's pause those three ads. Let's pause this ad set. Let's create a new ad, pop that in there.

Oh, okay, this video ad's done really well, so let's create a new video ad. Let's put that in there. I might do all of that in one go.

Then I'm going to wait another seven days, come back to the campaign, take a look at the data, analyze, adjust accordingly. And then that's the process I like to go through once a week. Of course, if your campaign's delivering very well, then you don't need to make adjustments.

After seven days, you can leave it running. You can do it to not over-adjust your campaigns. And the once every seven day rule is a great benchmark to use and to operate with, to make sure you don't over-adjust.

And over the long run, taking that approach, taking that sort of more mature approach, to be honest, you'd like to see much better results, because you're making adjustments off accurate data, and you're staying out of the learning phase, or at least you're not in the learning phase all the time. Okay? Now, before you want to go, something else I want to quickly mention, which is my Facebook Ads Mastermind Group.

It's my free Facebook group. Fantastic community. There are 10,000 plus Facebook advertisers in there at the moment.

And we've got people advertising their own products and services. We've got people who own Facebook Ads agencies. Happy to answer questions.

Happy to take a look at your ads if you post them for review. Fantastic community. Go ahead and join.

Completely free. There'll be a link in the video description. We would love to have you there.

And of course, if you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up. Please like it. Comment below to let me know.

And of course, if you've got any questions, pop them in the comments below as well. Don't forget to subscribe for more Facebook advertising-related content. And I will talk to you soon.

Thanks, guys. Bye-bye.