In this video I'm going to show you my seven step process for selling with Facebook ads. Over the past six months I've used this exact method to generate over 13,000 website conversions for just 91p each. I'm Ben Heath, the founder and CEO of Lead Guru which is a London-based digital marketing agency and today you're going to learn the seven most important keys to success with Facebook advertising so that you can sell your product and services fast.

Keep watching. I launched my very first Facebook ad campaign in 2012 and since I started Facebook advertising has changed a lot. Back then there were a lot fewer advertisers and Facebook advertising was so cheap that you could just throw up an ad and watch the sales roll in.

Today the platform is a lot more competitive and that simply won't work. Does that mean you should give up on Facebook advertising? Absolutely not.

Facebook is an amazingly sophisticated advertising platform and with the seven steps that I'm going to share with you in this video you can use it to seriously move the needle and scale your business. So without further ado let's get started with step one targeting. You can create the best-looking ad that's promoting an outstanding product but none of that will matter if you're advertising it to the wrong people and this is where a lot of people go wrong because they think that targeting is simple.

They go into their Facebook ad account and select interest targetings that are related to the products and services that they sell. But here's the thing just because someone is interested in something doesn't mean they're ready to buy it from you. There's a huge difference between advertising to people that know you and people that don't.

Advertising to people that have visited your website, engaged with your content, joined your email list or bought from you before will always be much more effective than advertising to cold audiences. Of course you can have success advertising to cold audiences. We do it all the time but the real magic with Facebook ads comes from advertising to warm audiences.

In Facebook you advertise to warm audiences by using custom audiences. There are many different types of custom audiences in Facebook but my favorite is website custom audiences and if you're looking to sell your products and services these are definitely the people that you should start targeting. Then you can move on to other custom audiences such as your email list, page engagement custom audiences, video view custom audiences and of course page likes.

For most companies these custom audiences are going to be quite small so it's very important you consistently create content and engage with your target market to add people to these custom audiences. And if you still have some budget left over then you should start targeting cold audiences. And later on in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to advertise to cold audiences.

But now let's move on to step two which is segmentation. After step one you know that you should start by advertising to warm audiences. Well you can improve your results even further by segmenting those warm audiences.

Most businesses offer multiple products and services but when it comes to advertising to their warm audiences on Facebook they get lazy. They use the same ad for everyone which just promotes one product or service. But you'll make a lot more sales by segmenting and it's really easy to do.

Instead of creating just one website custom audience that includes everyone that has visited your website, you should create website custom audiences from people that have visited specific pages on your website. That way you can create separate campaigns for different products and services and in those campaigns only target people that have visited the specific pages on your website about those products and services. As you can imagine this is incredibly effective because if someone has visited a page on your website about the specific product or service they are highly likely to be interested in it.

Step three, ad type. So which ad type should you use? Image ads?

Video ads? Lead ads? Unfortunately there's no one-size-fits-all ad type.

It really depends on your objective. If you want to build your custom audiences you can use an image ad that promotes a blog post or a video ad that promotes a video. If you're looking to sell your products and services it really depends on what you're trying to sell.

For a relatively small impulse purchase I would probably use an image ad but for a high-end or more complex product I would probably use a video ad. The important thing is to experiment and I'm going to show you how to do that really easily later in the video. Step four, ad creative.

There are two major parts to your ad creative. You have copy and imagery. Both are critical to your Facebook ad campaign success and each serves a separate purpose.

Your copy is the part of your ad that needs to convince your audience to take the action you want them to take. Whilst your imagery should grab your audience's attention and represent your brand. Let's start with copy.

It's very important that you tell people what your ad is about in the first couple of lines. If your audience need to click the see more button to see what your ad is for then you're in trouble. Don't be afraid to reiterate an important point in your ad copy either.

For example if you're offering a discount include it multiple times and absolutely make sure people know what the discount is. Most people just skim ad copy so what might seem over the top almost certainly isn't. Also make sure you include a call to action and tell people exactly what you want them to do.

Should they click on a link, leave a comment or go through to your website and purchase? Then tell them to do that. It sounds obvious but I've seen a lot of ads without a call to action.

Let's move on to imagery. Two things that have been shown to grab people's attention particularly well are hands and faces. Particularly if the face is making eye contact and this works very well if you're advertising to warm audiences that would recognize you.

Obviously images that include hands and faces won't work for every business and honestly the imagery that works best for your business may be fairly unique to you. For example some companies have a lot of success using very bright colors. The important thing is that you know the purpose of your ads imagery and that is to grab your audience's attention.

When you know its purpose you can test different options and find something that works really well for you. And to help you create high converting ads that will sell your products and services I have created a five part Facebook ad template. You can download this template for free and it includes some of the best performing ads we have created for our clients in a number of different industries.

Just head over to leadguru.co.uk and you can download it there for free. Let's move on to step number five the Facebook pixel. I don't want to be overly dramatic but installing the Facebook pixel is absolutely essential.

You need to use the Facebook pixel to track the actions that people take on your website. Otherwise you won't be able to determine how well your Facebook ad campaigns are performing and if you don't know how they're performing then you can't optimize or make vital adjustments or even know if they are working. You also need to have the Facebook pixel installed on your website to add people to your website custom audiences which you now know is the most powerful targeting option you can use in Facebook.

Most website builders now make it very easy for you to install the Facebook pixel with specific places to put it and if you have a WordPress website you can use a simple plug-in to install it. However if you're not technical and you can't work it out it's worth paying a few bucks to get someone to install it for you. You can really easily find someone to install it for you on upwork.com and it won't cost much at all.

And when it comes to the Facebook pixel a pro tip is to use the free Google Chrome extension called the Facebook pixel helper. It will show you if the Facebook pixel is installed correctly on any page without having to look at any code. Let's move on to step number six which is experimentation.

It can be done but it's very rare to hit a home run on your first attempt. When we create Facebook ad campaigns for our clients we create multiple variations of just about everything. We test different ad copy, different images and of course different targeting options.

It's crucial that you start advertising on Facebook with this in mind. I've seen too many people create a single ad, advertise it to a single audience, have it not work very well and then declare that Facebook advertising doesn't work. That's crazy and with the right attitude you can make sure that you don't fall victim to that mentality.

Fortunately it's really easy to experiment with Facebook ad campaigns because Facebook have recently released a built-in split testing tool. At the moment you need a business manager account to use this split testing tool but it's well worth taking the time to set that up because this built-in split testing is fantastic. Now I've saved the most important step until last and that is sales funnels.

In step one I talked about how effective it is to target people that already know you. Well the truth is the more touch points your target market has with your company and the more they get to know you and your brand the easier it is to sell your products and services. We've worked with clients with such a great following that selling their products with Facebook ads is really easy.

So how do you get people to know your company quickly and add them to your custom audiences? Well you can throw tons of content up online and just hope people see it or you can create a sales funnel that takes people from cold prospects all the way to repeat customers as fast as possible. By far the best way to advertise to cold audiences on Facebook is to use a sales funnel and to help you create highly effective online sales funnels I've recently created a free mini class called four steps to a perfect online sales funnel.

It's very short and I walk you step by step through the exact sales funnel creation process that we use. You can watch it right now for free by heading over to benheathmarketing.com. If you like this video make sure you subscribe to my YouTube channel right now.

Just click on the subscribe button. Also if you want to download our five part Facebook ad template then just head over to leadguru.co.uk It's free. Now I want to turn it over to you.

Which of the seven steps in this video are you going to start working on first? Are you excited to experiment with new targeting options or maybe you'll use our Facebook ad template to improve your Facebook ads? Either way let me know by leaving a quick comment below right now.