Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you one simple tip that can really improve the quality of the leads you're getting from Facebook. Keep watching. So I quite often hear people say that the quality of lead that they generate via Facebook just isn't good enough.

They say that when they try and follow up with the new lead that they don't respond, they don't answer the phone, they don't call back, they don't answer an email or perhaps even if they do manage to make contact that they don't perhaps have the budget that they would need to work with this particular company. And of course this can and does happen with Facebook advertising just like it happens with the leads that you generate from any other form of advertising particularly if you're going after the high end of the market. And one of the easiest ways to fix this to improve the quality of the leads that you're generating from Facebook actually has nothing to do with Facebook.

It has to do with your lead generation process after your prospects leave Facebook. Now before I get into that I should quickly mention that if you are after information on the Facebook part of generating leads then check out my YouTube channel I've got tons of videos about all that sort of stuff. But once someone leaves Facebook and they come through to your website most people's lead generation process is simply to have a contact form somewhere on the website probably on the contact page where people can enter in their details.

And if you have that sort of setup you've probably experienced a scenario where people are getting in contact via your contact form and you're emailing them or calling them and a lot of those people just aren't responding. And the issue is that those people that have just come through to your website and filled out your contact form they're not very invested in the process and not necessarily really into your products and services yet. So to save my time I like my prospects to make more of a commitment when they become a lead.

And where possible I like to get my prospects to book a free phone call directly into my calendar. Now there are a few different companies that provide this software and I've tried a bunch of them but Acuity Scheduling is my favourite. It's the easiest one to use at least in my opinion.

So if you do want to check them out do you want to give them a go then you can click on the link in the video description. You can get a 14-day free trial and after that it just costs 10-15 dollars a month something like that something that's very affordable and I should say that if you do click on the link in the video description I am an Acuity Scheduling affiliate so I will earn a small commission if you go ahead and buy the service. And whether you use Acuity Scheduling or one of the other options I'd really recommend that you put this system in place.

It's really valuable to have a calendar available where your prospects can go in and book a slot directly without having to communicate with you. You lose all that back and forth and they become a lot more involved in the process. Now because this process is a lot more involved you are going to generate less leads.

There are some people that aren't going to be bothered to go into your calendar and book a slot but the ones that are involved in the process that are really interested in your products and services they are going to do that. So you're going to retain the higher quality ones so overall I think it's much better to have a system like this set up. You reduce the quantity but you massively increase the quality and you keep the ones that you are likely to end up working with anyway.

And if you want to see exactly how this lead generation process works then you can book a slot directly into my calendar now to talk about Facebook advertising for your business. All you need to do is click on the second link in the video description and I'll give you a quick call to find out a little bit more about your business, what it is that you're looking to achieve and see if we can help you get there. So hopefully you'll book a slot in my calendar and we'll speak soon.

Thanks a lot guys, bye bye.