Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to build an email list with Facebook ads. I'm going to walk you step by step through the process. I'm going to try and keep this fairly concise.

I'm going to cover the things you absolutely need and need to get right in order to generate fantastic results without covering all the extra little bits and possible things you could do. So if you're looking to build an email list with Facebook ads, which is something I'd recommend a lot of marketers, entrepreneurs, business owners do, it could be a very, very profitable exercise. If you're looking to build an email list with Facebook ads, I think you're going to find this video very, very useful.

Before I get in touch, I want to very quickly ask you to hit that thumbs up button. That really helps me out. It's much appreciated.

And of course, subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. I release Facebook advertising related content all the time. If that sort of thing you're into, then I think you'd be well suited to subscribe to my channel.

Anyway, with that said, let's get into it. So in order to build an email list successfully using Facebook ads, there are three things that you need. You need a lead magnet, something to give away for free in exchange for someone joining your email list.

You need a landing page, the place for those people to actually opt in. And then you need the ad campaign itself. And we've got those three prepared.

So we've got our lead magnet lined up here. I'm going to talk you through it. We've got the landing page, opt-in page here.

And then I'm going to show you how to create the Facebook ad campaign, which doesn't have to be that complicated in order to get those subscribers, get that email list being built. So with this process, I think it makes sense to start with the end in mind. So you start with the lead magnet, the thing your prospects are going to get, and then you work your way back from there, I think makes the most sense.

Okay, so let's go ahead and jump into the lead magnet section. So lead magnets, for those who aren't familiar, I'm going to very quickly explain are things that you give away for free in exchange for someone joining your email list. They're usually information based.

So it's often going to be things like guides, video trainings, it could be templates, downloads of some sort, cheat sheets, checklists, lots of different options. Other businesses will use other things like you get access to free shipping, coupon codes, all sorts of various options. Okay.

But I imagine most of you are going to go with an information based lead magnet, something like this, like a guide, a report, a template, maybe even a video training, something along those lines. The one we're going to talk about here is our five part Facebook ad template, which has been downloaded now, I think by over 45,000 people. So we've got 45,000 people join our email list with this lead magnet alone, which is fantastic and absolutely shows I know what I'm talking about and that this, what I'm about to show you can work very well.

Okay. So this is a five part Facebook ad template. And it's something, it's a PDF document people can download.

And basically what it does is it contains a whole bunch of ads that we've created as a Facebook ads agency for our clients that have all performed very, very well. Okay. And we've got them broken down into different categories.

So we've got first categories, local slash service, and we've got a couple of different examples. We've got an interior designers ads here. And you can see that not only are we showing the ads, we're also breaking them down.

So we've got like little markers here, one, two, three, four, five, and we're going through and we're in fact, I'll be beneath it. Yeah. Talking about the copy, talk about the image, headline, all the various elements of a Facebook ad.

We've got the second example of a local slash service business being a gym. And here we've got another example of an ad, obviously with the details blanked out. And then I'm just going to very quickly show you again, each ad was sort of breaking down into component parts explaining, we use this headline, it worked really well because of this, this and this, we use this copy, it worked well because of this, this and this, this image worked well.

We've got e-commerce businesses in here. You can see this example of a rainbow cake ad, we've got our copy in there, various images, headlines, all the sort of thing that we're talking about. We've even got some other ad formats in here.

Like here, we've got a carousel ad with various different options. So you can see that for our audience, which is people trying to get better results with Facebook and Instagram advertising, this template would be very, very useful, would be super useful to be able to have examples of ads that they know have done well, that they can model from. And because we've used lots of, you know, either six different types of ads in it from very different types of businesses, people can almost certainly find at least one and be like, this is what I'm going to model from, this is what I'm going to use.

So the value proposition here is strong. And it's actually, you know, it's 52, I say pages, but each page is sort of like a slide. So it's quite a bit of content.

We wanted to make this really, really valuable. I originally did a version of this myself in, say, maybe four, maybe even five years ago at this point. And then it got fully updated last year.

And one of the advantages of owning a Facebook ads agency is you have a tonne of access to graphic design resource, because we have a full creative team. And they're able to put this stuff together and add in these little graphics and make it all design and make it all nice. So it was fully redone last year with new content and making it look professional.

But by the way, when I did this myself to begin with, it was super simple. I just did it in Canva. Free tool, free graphic design tool.

Anyone can put something like this together with a tool like that. So these things don't have to be super complex. I'm going to talk, by the way, more at the end of the video, how you can find out more about creating lead magnets, putting them together, because there's a lot of information around that.

Okay. So that's what the lead magnet is, our five part Facebook ad template that really helps people work out what they should include in their Facebook ads, helps them get better results. So that's the template.

And then this is the landing page. So this is the place where we're going to send people when they click on our ad in order to opt in for our lead magnet. You can see that this page, super simple, here's the footer down here.

That's it. Just this middle section. We've got an image on this side to just give a visual representation of what it is they're downloading.

That's called it designed in the shape of a Facebook ad. So it's kind of fun. We've got free download, five part Facebook ad template, which obviously what it is, this template includes.

And then we've just got four bullet points here that are all very much benefit rich, all focusing on the advantages of grabbing a hold of this Facebook ad template. So we've got things here like our value first strategy that uses Facebook's social nature to consistently generate low cost leads and sales. This strategy works in any market.

Well, if you're interested in better Facebook ad performance through better Facebook ads, I wouldn't know what the value first strategy is. How do I make that work? How do I use that?

And it works in any market. Fantastic. It's going to work for me.

It's going to help me get more leads and sales. That's exactly what I want. You can see the sorts of benefits here.

I said, I don't want this video to be six hours long. So I'm not going to go through every single element. I will, of course, include a link to this page in the video description below.

And you can come through, you can check out this page and go through these bullets and see what we're highlighting, the five elements, any Facebook ad you need to get right, how to quickly and easily create or find eye-catching images. You know, obvious benefits associated with downloading this lead magnet. And that's important because you have to remember when you're offering a lead magnet, even though you're not charging money for it, you need to sell it, right?

You need to convince people to go ahead and they don't naturally want to give over any content information. They don't, they don't want to have to take action. People are not motivated to do that unless there's a reason to do so.

So you really need to sell this thing. But anyway, as I was saying, I'll include a link to this in the video description below. Come through, check out this page, click on the button, go ahead and download the, sign up to the email list, download five-part Facebook ad template.

By the way, this is a WordPress website and we just use the OptinMonster plugin for this little button, which then brings up this window where they could just enter the name, email, get into access, boom. Super easy, straightforward. And, and yeah.

Okay. So that's the landing page. And now we need to get into the ad campaign itself.

Okay. So this is the part that we talk through. So I said, that's the order I'd recommend you do it in.

And the reason why is because whatever you put into your lead magnet is going to inform what you're using to sell your information down here to sell the lead magnet itself. You need to create that first to know what the benefits of it are to be able to include in the landing page. And then these, whatever you put on the landing page is going to help you create your ad in ads manager in your Facebook ad account.

It's why we do it in that reverse order. Hopefully that makes sense. Okay.

So I'm an example of Facebook ad account and let's go ahead and create one from scratch. So by type auction, we're going to go with a conversion campaign. Now that's very important.

If you're wanting to build an email list, you don't just want to be sending traffic, which is Facebook's default to your website and hoping that people opt in when they get there. You want to say to Facebook, no, no, I want you to advertise to people that are not only likely to click through to our website that are actually likely to convert and sign up for my email list. Once they get there, you do that by using the conversions objective and then letting Facebook know the event, the action you want people to take on your website and optimizing for that.

If you don't know what that last part I want to talk about means, you should really check out, I'll include a link in the video description, another video of mine showing exactly how to set up the Facebook pixel, how to configure events. It even goes on to show you how to verify your domain, set up aggregated event measurement, the stuff you need to do, do post iOS 14. But that'll show you exactly how to get the Facebook pixel set up.

So you'll understand exactly how you use the conversions objective, how you then go about optimizing for the right event, all that stuff. So I'd strongly recommend, in fact, if you haven't got the Facebook pixel set up already, absolutely go ahead and do that. As I said, I'm not, I don't want this video to be six hours long, so I'm not going to cover every single little detail.

I basically have videos on all this stuff, all the various elements. I'm just going to focus on the things that you need to do, that you need to get right in order to make this work and to build an email list that can be incredibly valuable for your business and an audience that can generate customers, clients for years to come, as I've had with mine. One of the best things I made was to build an email list with Facebook ads.

Okay, campaign budget optimization, I'd usually recommend turning it on, particularly with relatively straightforward campaigns, campaign structures, like a lead magnet structure. Daily budget, I've got videos on budget, I'll include a link below. Start with something that you can afford to lose, particularly whilst you're experimenting.

Once it's working, you could always scale up, but I include more info about that later on. That's all we need to do at the campaign level. Nothing else you need to worry about at the campaign level.

Then we get into the ad set. Conversion event location is certainly website, and then you need to select your conversion event. So usually we would go with lead.

Okay, this is an example Facebook ad account, so it's not all set up properly. Don't worry about these errors. If you have got it set up properly, then you shouldn't see that.

And as I said, the pixel video that I mentioned a minute ago that will be linked to below, that'll show you exactly how to set this up. But by optimizing for lead, we're saying to Facebook, I want you to advertise to people that are most likely to not just click on an ad for this Facebook ad template, but actually go through to our website, click on the get instant access, submit their details, and go through to the thank you page. Thank you for opting for this lead magnet, wherever it is.

That's what I want you to optimize for, which is awesome. And that makes a huge difference to your results, by the way, guys. Huge, huge difference.

Don't worry about dynamic creatives or offers. Budget and schedule, if you want to set one, that's absolutely fine. But it's by no means necessary.

I'd recommend you win your Facebook ad account enough for you to be able to, say, turn off campaigns if they're not performing well, make adjustments, that sort of thing. Okay, then we get into the audience section. Now, the absolute best audience to target in order to build an email list is a lookalike audience based off of people that are already on your list, because that's how lookalike audiences work, right?

It's like, these people are already on my email list, therefore, I want you to advertise to people that are just like them. And if you don't know how to do that, again, I'll include another link in the video description below. There'll be lots of links, lots of awesome free resources for you guys to check out.

And that'll be a video all about how to create lookalike audiences, including ones based off your email list. So if you're like, what is that? How do I do that?

Go ahead and check that out. And you can do that. And you can pop your lookalike audience in there.

However, I appreciate that not everyone's going to have an email list, particularly if you're just getting started, that's absolutely fine, in which case you're going to need to come up with something else. I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. So in terms of how you go about setting your targeting, ignore this custom audiences section, locations, don't artificially constrain your target area, unless you have to.

If you only want an email list from a certain geographic area, because that's the only place where you deliver your products and services, that's absolutely fine. But otherwise, don't make your audience smaller than it needs to be. So if we're advertising, for example, our five part Facebook ad template, we have customers in the UK, we also have them, to be honest, we have customers all over the world.

We have, you know, clients for our Facebook ad services in, yeah, just about every continent all over the world. But we might start, most of our customers are going to come from usually Canada, UK, US and Australia, they that would probably represent, I would say, 80 to 90% of our client base would be those four countries, but I said the rest from UAE and Germany and Philippines and India and Mexico and everywhere you can imagine, right? So we might start with something like that.

For some businesses, that might just be the one country, for others that might be, you know, 10 miles around London, whatever that happens to be for your business. But I said, just don't artificially constraint. Then in terms of your age criteria, you want to narrow that down to what you feel are, is representative of most of your target audience, but be quite generous.

So for example, if you're like, most of my customers are between the age of 30 and 40, I wouldn't just go with 30 and 40, I might go to 25 to 45, something like that. So you want your core age and you want to be quite generous. In general, Facebook ad campaigns perform better with broader audiences now, as opposed to more specificity.

So for example, our client base is usually going to be, say, age 25 to 55. It's a pretty big age range. So we might do something as simple as 25 plus.

I mean, we have done 18 plus before because we have a really large age range in terms of our clients. Genders, again, unless you are almost exclusively male or female, I'd go with both. With lead magnet campaigns, you want nice open audiences.

And then we get into the detailed targeting. So I'm going to include a link in another video below that has a much more detailed breakdown of how about we go finding high quality detail targeting options. And that's how we go about finding high quality detail targeting options after Facebook retired their audience insights tool, which they did a few months ago.

So it shows you exactly how we use this process in here to go about finding options, testing them, all that stuff. So again, strongly recommend you checking that out if you don't know which are the best detailed targeting options. I said, lots of links to other stuff, but it's important you get this stuff right.

I want you to have the best possible information. That's how you get the best results. So for example, if we were advertising our Facebook ad template, we might go with something like this.

And I already obviously know this market. So I'm going to go ahead and pop this in. Something like business page admins.

So these are people who are the admins of business pages on Facebook. Because obviously, within Facebook pages, there's people who are admins of pages for charities and local sports clubs and things. We're just primarily going for businesses.

Okay. So that's that setup. That's that setup.

If you come up with a number of different interests, behaviours or demographics you want to target in this detailed targeting section, that's absolutely fine. But create separate ad sets for those. Don't bundle them all into one ad set.

The reason we do that is because we want to be able to see exactly how this target interest performs versus other ones so that we can then optimise going forward. If you bundle them all in together, you're just going to get one average of the lot. Whereas if you have, say, three different options, three different ad sets, you could be like, ah, will option B produce the best results?

So let's pause option A and C and let's just advertise to option B. You'll get better results. You'll get a lower cost per lead, a lower cost per email subscriber in this case.

In a new-ish ad account, one that doesn't have a lot of conversion data, particularly if you haven't run a campaign before, I would actually recommend turning off detailed targeting expansion. Something that you do want to use later on, but not at the beginning. Now we can see our audience, given the countries we're targeting, it comes out audience definition of, it's not scrolling, there we go, 4.7 million.

Fantastic audience size. I've got videos on ideal audience size. If you want to check those out, you can find them on my YouTube channel.

Basically, it does depend on where you're advertising. It depends on what you're advertising. So there's some factors, but 4.7 million.

Great. Very happy with that. Okay.

Scrolling down, you can ignore, well, most people watching this can ignore languages. It's going to be informed by where you're advertising. But obviously, if you're not, if you're, you know, for example, advertising in Canada, and you're only interested in French speakers, because that's the part of Canada you're from, and that's who your target market is, then obviously you want to come in and play around with languages.

Placements. Absolutely fine to go with automatic placement options when it comes to building an email list using the conversions objective. That's one of the massive advantages of using the conversions objective is that Facebook is going to put your ads on the placements that are most likely to generate email subscribers, generate email opt-ins, because Facebook knows what that is, and they know how to optimize for it.

So you don't need to come in, for example, manually choose placements and just go with, you know, I just want to go with like the Facebook news feed, because I've heard, or the Instagram feed, because I've heard those are the better placement options. You just don't need to worry about that if you've got the conversions objective selected. Very different story if you are running a traffic campaign, for example, but that's not what we're doing here.

Optimization for ad delivery, we're going to leave as conversions, and we're not going to touch any of the rest of this stuff, and that is your ad set done. That's all you need to do at the campaign level and the ad set level in order to create a Facebook ad campaign combined with elements that can build you an email list, and what a fantastic asset an email list is. Okay, now we need to get into the ad level, and I think a lot of people overcomplicate ads, particularly when you're getting started with Facebook advertising, or even if you're an experienced Facebook advertiser, but you're getting started with using Facebook ads to build an email list, I think it makes a lot more sense to keep things simple.

So I'm not going to go with dynamic formats and creative for what I'm doing right now. Facebook are changing things at an enormously fast pace, as they always are, so you will see pop-ups all over the place, and my recommendation would be to ignore them, particularly when you're getting started with perhaps a new type of campaign. And then we're going to go with single image or video, because we're just going to use an image.

Image is going to make the most sense for a Facebook ad template, right? What you use here really depends on your market, what it is you're advertising, and what you can create. Some people have the ability to create video content fairly easily and expensively, fantastic, if not, no problem.

Don't believe the myth that you always have to use video, that video always performs best. That is not true. It really depends on what you're advertising.

The more complex the ask, the more complex the ad creative wants to be, and with every market you want to be testing. So if we're working with a client, we're going to be testing video against image, against carousel. But as I said, if you're getting started with, say, building an email list with Facebook ads, something fairly new, you want to keep it simple, and you want to go, I think, with assets that you have or can easily create, things like images, carousels.

So we're going to go with an image here. So I'm going to go ahead and click add media and add image, and then the image is right there because I've prepared it before. Obviously, you could upload an image in here.

Okay, now we get a chance to customise our creative by placement. So you can see, for example, that on Instagram stories, an ad is going to take up the whole screen, whereas in the feed, it's not. It's a shorter space, and therefore you could customise how your images or video look, depending on various placement options.

So you can see here that this is how basically it's going to look. There's going to be quite a bit of space up and above, and this one's going to more fill the space on feeds where it's more a square ratio. I could change that if I wanted to, one-to-one.

Don't really think that makes sense or looks as good, so I'm going to keep the original, and then we've got an option over here. So if you want to come in and customise placements and change them up for customised created by placement, that's absolutely fine. You can do that.

It's not a problem. It's sort of an optional extra. It can help performance a bit, but if you have, say, square images, square videos, it's going to look fine across the various placement options.

So I'm going to keep with the original. Then there's something that Facebook have fairly recently added, which is optimised media. You can allow enhancements.

It's kind of similar to if you've ever messed around with a photo editing software, and you click enhance, and they automatically sort of turn up the contrast or the brightness, and as you can see the examples here, they'll take out the cropped edges and the white areas and things along those lines. So I think it's fine to allow enhancements, which is the default, but just make sure you check the ad preview to make sure it all looks fine and make sure something doesn't go wrong. Because we've got a few cases where things look all a little bit funny.

Okay, so if I click on Facebook feed, for example, that seems to not be displaying correctly, which is frustrating. It's because I haven't added in the other elements yet. So let me just scroll down.

The previews are annoyingly difficult. Right, let's go into stories, and we can just see. So that's, for example, how it would look in Instagram stories right now.

So that would be absolutely fine. And we're going to get to some of this stuff later on as we add in more details. Okay, so let's scroll back up.

So we've added our media, which is our image, our five-part Facebook ad template image. And you can see this is sort of image that would work quite well. Let me get rid of that.

Hopefully, there we go. You can see it now. This is an image that would work quite well.

It's eye-catching. It's bright. It's visual.

It's representative of the sort of thing. Like, it's kind of designed to look like a Facebook ad in a certain sense. I've got a lot more information around Facebook ad images and copy and things like that actually in the Facebook ad template that I've been demonstrating.

So if you want more info on that, then by all means, download that document. You know, there's a tonne of information around what you want to do there. So you can find out more info there.

Then primary text. So I've actually prepared a document because we've run ads like this and with this sort of copy before. So it's just a Word doc.

If I head back now in, I'm going to paste in my primary text. And what you will see is that in the primary text here, so the primary text, let's try and grab a feeds placement option. You see the primary text, this will change soon.

The primary text is what appears above the image on a lot of the placement options. So like a Facebook feed, which is where a lot of your impressions are going to come from. Facebook feed, Facebook feed on mobile, on desktop, things like that.

You can see a whole bunch of other options. Instagram feed, invalid at the moment, which is annoying. I said that'll be fine in a bit.

On Instagram, what you can't see right now is the text will be beneath it. You're probably already familiar with this. But your primary text, I always, because most ad impressions still occur on Facebook more than Instagram, I always think about it as appearing above the image and that's how I plan out my ad.

Instagram, the primary text is less of a converting factor anyway. So that's how we do it. But what you can see in this primary text is we've very much taken the stuff that we've got on the landing page.

So we start off with this, right? Copy and paste these proven Facebook ads to properly generate low cost leads and sales from Facebook. Boom.

Really strong benefit associated with downloading this five-part Facebook ad template. And it taps into that natural sort of laziness we have where I want this to be easy. I want it to be quick.

Copy and paste. Brilliant. Love the idea of that.

And then we list out the benefits that I've got in on the landing page. And there's a few reasons for that. One, it means I don't have to rewrite a whole bunch of copy, which is great.

Two, these are the major benefits associated with downloading the five-part Facebook ad template. So why not have them in the ad as well? Because remember, we have to sell, even though we're getting an email opt-in here, we have to sell it.

And three, this creates lovely congruency between the ad and the landing page. So when someone clicks through an ad, we'll see what they look like in a minute. Let's go back to stories for a second, because that just looks silly.

We're getting all sorts of errors at the moment. As I said, we'll sort those out in a minute. Let's go back here so we can actually see the primary text.

Because there's going to be a lot of similarities between the ad and the image, that can actually help improve conversion rates. So if they see, for example, the image in the ad is also on the landing page, some of the copy on the ad, this part here, is also on the landing page. It's just, oh, okay, I landed in the right place.

If they look different, feel different, some people go, oh, this is a bit weird, I'm going to leave. So again, you can go through this information you're going to find on that landing page. You can go through this and sort of mine it for details of what we're looking to do and what we're looking to accomplish.

Okay. And then we come to the headlines. So with headlines, you want to be super upfront, keep it simple, straightforward.

So we're just going to go ahead and grab that and then paste it in here. So all we're going with the headline here is free five-part Facebook ad template. Just this is what you get, this is what it is.

We highlight the fact that it's free, simple, straightforward, understand what it is as a glance. That's what we want to do with lead back in the headlines. Remember, what you're asking people to do is not that they're going to ask.

You're not asking them to inquire into a $20,000 service or buy a $400 product. This is a free thing that they just can download if they want to. And you can see that for whatever reason, Facebook's ads manage to bug you all the time.

I now can see my image, which is like, okay, why couldn't I see that before I put in a headline? But anyway, there we go. So now we've got the image in, we've got the primary text, we've got the headline, then we've got the description.

It's only going to appear in a few certain placements, so I'd recommend popping one in. Again, you just want to highlight the benefits associated with downloading, with opting in for your lead magnet. So we've got in this free template where I share what we've learned as a Facebook advertising agency creating successful ads for our clients in many different industries.

You know, nothing difficult, whatever. Okay, then we get down to the, and I wouldn't worry about any of the adding options and things like that at this point. It's just overcomplicating stuff.

When you're building an email list, you can always add that stuff later in. So call to action, the default is learn more. And you see the call to action button is, very annoying, I have to keep scrolling, is located there.

Learn more would be fine for a lead magnet, but I think you want to go with the option that is most applicable to what you're asking people to do. I think download makes the most sense here. But you could go with learn more.

You could obviously have a look through the options here and see if there's anything that's more appropriate. Could be watch more if it's like a video training lead magnet, but just go with the one that you think fits the best. I think learn more is there.

Okay, then we're going to go ahead and pop in the URL. So I'm just going to type it out because I know it by heart. Facebook ad template and page.

Perfect. So we've got the URL in there. That's obviously the landing page that people are taken to once they click on your ad.

And that's the opt-in page. That's this one right here that we've discussed. Okay.

Okay. And then display link, you can change it or not. If you want, you can see down here, we've just got lead guru at KTK, which I'm perfectly happy with.

If you wanted to change that, you could put something in. That's absolutely fine. We're not going to worry about call extension.

Again, not going to worry about languages at this point. And all this should be just default automatic provided you've got the Facebook pixel all set up properly. And you've been through my Facebook pixel setup video that shows you exactly how to go about doing that.

Okay. This ad is now ready to go. We could go ahead and just publish this.

And we've got an ad running. As I said, if you want to test new targeting options, then you can close this down. You can come to the ad set level.

You can highlight the ad sets and new conversions ad set. Sorry. I clicked on edit when I didn't mean to.

You can just click on duplicate. You can create yourself a couple of copies and then you can end up with three ad sets. You can test different targeting options.

If I close that down, you can see, there we go. We've got three different ad sets. Exactly the same with the ads.

So we've got three ads here, all exactly the same because there's one ad in each ad set. But if I wanted to, for example, I could come in here, I could duplicate. I could add in three new ads.

Let's minimize this down. Okay. So now if we go into the ad set and find the right ad set.

Oh, it's all in draft. So when things are in draft, you just see all of them. But for example, four of these ads are in the one ad set.

We could create different image options. We could test different headlines. That's the sort of thing that we would do going through the process.

Again, I have more content on how to analyze and optimize Facebook ad campaigns as you go on. But that is the process. Those are all the elements you need.

You can now run your campaign. You can build an email list. And honestly, the value of my email list, which has around about 45,000 subscribers on through this lead magnet and primarily another lead magnet is absolutely immense.

It is a go-to resource for clients, for customers on my courses. We get to make so much value from it. And the value just compounds because you acquire subscribers up front.

Of course, yes, people unsubscribe and they do leave. But I have people on my list that will buy things from me four years after they've been on there. Like the value just compounds and compounds and compounds.

And you can generate revenue. You can build a relationship. You can do so many great things.

If you're watching this video, I'm sure you've already decided to build an email list. And I think Facebook ads is the perfect way to do it. Best of luck with it.

And yeah, things can work out really well. Before you go, a couple of things I want to mention. The first is a comprehensive course I've created called Facebook ads insiders.

We've recently been updating tons of the content. So it's very much fresh, brand new stuff post iOS 14. And it's the go-to resource I would recommend if you're looking for fantastic Facebook and Instagram advertising performance.

One of the six strategies we cover in the course is all about lead magnet based strategies. So the first part of which is a part I've just showed you there, which is running an email opt-in campaign. We then go on to retarget people to help turn them into customers in that strategy.

But this just shows a very small snippet of what's included in that course. So we're building an email list. We are then retargeting those people in that course is the whole bonus module on how to create lead magnets.

By the way, I sort of brushed over this, you know, the five part Facebook ad template stuff, but there's way more detail on all of that. So it really is a fantastic resource. If you're interested, there'll be a link in the video description.

You can go ahead and check that out. Other free thing I want to quickly mention is my Facebook ads mastermind group. Free Facebook group, over 120,000 members as of the recording this video.

Amazing community, one of the biggest in the world of Facebook advertisers. And it's full of people just like you who want their questions answered. They ask them, they help each other out.

They get involved. I do free live trainings. I answer questions.

I'm in there every single day. If that's something you want to be part of, it's completely free. Links in the description.

We'd love to have you be a part of it. If you found this video useful, please comment below to let me know. Please like this video.

Please subscribe if you haven't already. And yeah, all of that would be much appreciated. Thanks a lot, guys.

Bye for now.