Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to create Facebook ads that specifically target people that have liked your Facebook page. Now, five years ago you wouldn't have needed to advertise those people because you could just post whatever it is, your product, services, content to your Facebook page and the people that already liked your page would see it, it would show up in their newsfeed. But with the adjustments that Facebook have made over the last few years, that has all but disappeared.

Organic reach, not having to pay to reach people, even people that have already liked your page, is really not a thing anymore. So if you want to reach the people and put your stuff in front of the people that have already liked your page, you're going to have to pay to do so. I mean my page for example has got around about 82,000 page likes and organically we might reach 500 people, something along those lines.

So if you do want to reach people that like your page, you're going to have to pay. And this could be a really good targeting, particularly for local businesses. So if you're a dentist or a restaurant or something like that, you operate in a local area, a lot of your customers have already liked your page, may have interacted with you on Facebook.

If you want to let them know about new specials, new offers, new services, things like that, then targeting the people that have already liked your page, it could be very, very effective. So let's go ahead and show you how to do that. So first thing you want to do is obviously head into Ads Manager.

I'm going to create an example campaign just to show you how this is done. So if I call that example campaign. Campaign objective, I've got other videos on that guys.

We'll explain all 13. If you're confused about which one to use, go ahead and check out my channel and check out that video. I'm going to call this example ad set.

And then we don't need an ad for this because the targeting people that like your page is set at the ad set level, as are all targeting options. So I'm just going to quickly save that to draft. And then we're going to jump in.

So here we are at the campaign level. Nothing need doing about this. Campaign budget optimisation, guys.

Again, I have another video on that. So if you have seen this pop up and you're wondering what it is, should I use it, etc. Go ahead and check out that video that was released not that long ago.

Don't need to worry about anything to do with the campaign. Let's go to the ad set level. And then I'm not going to talk about all the other options you have at the ad set level.

I've created other videos around all that sort of stuff. But what I do want to do is scroll down to, here we go, connections. So it's in the targeting section, in the audience section here, etc, etc.

Then you want to go ahead, add a connection type. And then you can have people who like your page. You can target friends of people who like your page.

I'm going to create another video on that because that's an interesting case study. But people who like your page. And then you just want to go ahead and add in your page name here.

So if I pop in my page name there, then this campaign will specifically target people that like my page. Now you can see it says there 3,900. As I said, we've got a lot more than that.

That's because it's just set to the UK. Obviously, the majority of our page likes are outside the UK. If I was to now set worldwide, that number should shoot up big time.

Yeah, so around about 72,000. You're never going to match completely. I said we've got about 10,000 more than that.

One thing to keep in mind when you are targeting people that like your page is that it's an and function if you add other targeting criteria. So if I was to say go after only people that are 50 plus and male, that's really going to reduce the size of my audience as you're about to see. 1,700.

Because what this is now saying is I want to target people worldwide that are 50 plus, male, and like my page. Okay, so when you're using this targeting option, what I'd usually recommend is go ahead and use very broad targeting options. The only thing I might do, for example, if we look after clients, is just add in the countries that we operate in.

So, you know, UK, US, etc. English-speaking countries. But that's what I recommend.

As I said, really good targeting option to try, particularly for local businesses. Businesses that have an element of repeat custom can work very well. And if you've got a lot of page likes.

So, you know, if you've only got a couple hundred page likes, this might not be worth it. But if you've got 10,000, 15,000 page likes, then this can be really useful. So I definitely recommend you test it out and promote your stuff to them, promote your content to them, promote your special offers, and see how it performs.

Okay, just before you go, there's one thing I want to quickly tell you about. And that's my five-part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free. So this template includes some of the best-performing ads we've created for a number of different clients in a number of different industries.

As I said, you can download it for free. All you've got to do is click on the link in the video description. That'll take you through to a page on my website, and you will be able to download it there.

So you can obviously model from the ads and all that sort of stuff should help you improve your Facebook advertising results, which is obviously what we're all about. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.