Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about how long you should run a Facebook ad for. It's a very important question and I get asked it all the time, something I'm going to cover in this video. Now before I get into that, I just want to quickly mention that at the end of this video I've got a free Facebook advertising resource I think you're going to find very, very valuable so make sure you stick around to the end of the video for that.

Now with that said, let's get into it. So I've got an example Facebook ad account in front of me and I'm just going to quickly show you exactly how we might structure the ads, how long we'll run them for, how we'll make adjustments, etc, etc. So I've created an example campaign, I'm going to click into that and I've just got one example ad set.

Now if you've seen my videos on Facebook ad campaign structure, you'll know that I usually like to have three to five ad sets live at any one time. In fact, I'll include a link in the video description below to another video that details my ideal Facebook ad campaign structure. So if you're wondering about structure, go ahead and check that out.

But then when I click into this ad set, you'll see that I've got four ads in here. Now these are just blank ads, I'm just demonstrating this for demonstration purposes. We've got example ad one, example ad two, example ad three and example ad four.

And that's usually the number of ads I'm going to start with in each ad set, three or four ads, something like that. So let's say we launch a new Facebook ad campaign, we're going to have three or four different ads running at any one time. And we're going to do that because we want to test multiple variables, we want to test which ad format works best.

Okay, we then want to test, you know, if image ads performance better than video and carousel. Are we testing what type of image works, maybe we've got a few different options, perhaps we're testing different headline variations, different copy variations, there's lots of elements of a Facebook ad that you want to test. And that testing becomes really important and is an integral part of how long you run a Facebook ad for.

So the first thing I'll say about length of time when it comes to running a Facebook ad is there's no sort of predetermined length of time that we use and that we sort of religiously stick to. Okay, so there's no like we're going to run an ad for a week or two weeks or a month. It's very much dependent on the results that we see and how the testing process goes.

So I said we'll usually start with three or four ads in an ad set. Okay, we will launch a new campaign. And then we're going to assess things usually in seven day increments.

So let's say we launch campaign on Wednesday, we're going to take a look at it again next Wednesday. And what we're going to do is we're going to pause the underperforming ads and leave the best performing ones running. So let's say for example, that, you know, example ad one, and example ad two have not performed very well, but three and four have three and four, we will keep running.

And then we may create two new ads, example ad five and example ad six, to test against three and four. So let's say for example, when we first launched campaign, that was an image, that was an image, that was a video, and that was a video. Okay, video performed much better clearly.

Therefore, let's test some other video ads. Then what we're going to do is let's say we create example ad five, example ad six, we will then wait another week and see which ads performed best over that time period. Okay, let's assume that at that stage, example ad four didn't perform very well, but example ad three did.

Example ad five and example ad six didn't perform very well either. Well, let's go ahead and pause those. Then we're going to keep going through that process each time we're testing different elements.

So as I said, we might be testing the ad format, we might be testing the ad copy, perhaps the headline. We'll work our way through the various elements of ad testing. In fact, I'll link below in the video description to another video all about how we test and how we go about testing new ad creative.

But what I'm basically saying here is that the length of time that you run an ad for is dependent on the results that you see. If example ad three is our best performing ad in, you know, through all these layers of testing, and it does happen sometimes, we will keep that ad running. And we have kept ads running for months.

I'm pretty sure I'd have to go back through and take a look at a client's account. But I'm pretty sure there will be at least one example of where we've had one ad running for more than a year. Now, that's rare.

Usually, I would say that most ads are going to be only run for let's say a week, maybe two weeks, because then when their performance drops off, we're going to pause them. Some ads that perform very well, their lifespan is probably going to be in the let's say two, three, four month range, the ones that do perform very, very well. But as I said, we're very much open to the data and what we see.

Now, there are things that are going to affect how long you can run an ad for. The example I've given here is based on evergreen ads. So ads that can be run indefinitely, they're not tied to a, you know, national holiday or a special promotion that's got a limited time offer.

Obviously, those ads are going to need to be paused when they, you know, when the time expires and they're no longer relevant. This is assuming that this is an evergreen process. It's also assuming that certain criteria met.

So you have a large enough target audience, you are not going to be able to run an ad for three months if you've got a really small target audience. Let's say you're a local business, you're going to need to create new ads more regularly to prevent ad fatigue. And that means that you're not going to be able to run each individual Facebook or Instagram ad for as long as if you're advertising nationally or internationally because you have a larger target area.

The other thing to take into account is budget. So the more you spend on a Facebook ad campaign, the quicker people within your audience are going to see your ad, the quicker ad fatigue is going to start to set in and the quicker, again, you're going to have to refresh ad creative. So smaller audiences, larger budgets are two things that mean you're not going to be able to run your Facebook ads for as long and you're going to have to refresh things.

But we see lots of businesses and I take a look, particularly in my group and things like that, people who are running Facebook ad campaigns spending, let's say, $20 a day and they're advertising to hundreds of thousands, if not audiences in the low millions. You know, hundreds of thousands of people or audiences in the low millions. With that sort of budget and that sort of audience size, if you find a winning ad, one that performs very, very well, you can run that for months, maybe even longer than a year.

Okay, it really can be run for a very, very long time. And when it comes to the testing and replacing new ads, if you're in that sort of scenario, $20 a day, let's say less than $50 a day, and you've got an audience in the hundreds of thousands or larger, and you don't need to be refreshing ad creative and going through that testing new ad process as quickly as I just described. So we're doing so once every week, usually, we're usually working with companies that are spending probably an average of about $10,000 a month.

So our minimum is about $3,000 all the way up to, you know, with some spending over $100,000 a month. But on average, I would say we're refreshing ad creative once a week, between once a week and every two weeks. But if you're operating with a much smaller budget than that, and your audience size isn't too small, well, you could really extend that.

So perhaps you're pausing underperforming ads and creating new ads to test against the best performer once a month instead of once a week, something along those lines. So it very much is dependent, as I said, on the results that you see, and you should be open to running ads for longer, given the results. If that ad is your best performer, why pause it?

You know, results, if you're worried about ad fatigue, the way you realize that ad fatigue is becoming a problem and starting to kick in is that your results start to drop off. It's not something that, you know, you can just say, oh, I must have ad fatigue by now, therefore I should turn my ad off. Well, actually, if your results are strong, no, ad fatigue isn't an issue yet.

So you don't need to pause it. As I said, you can't run an ad for longer than a month because ad fatigue will kill your campaign. There are many cases where that's not the scenario.

So be results oriented when the results start to drop off, there's a good chance it's ad fatigue, and that's the point at which you need to test new ads. And as I said, and this is a question I get asked about a lot, when people want to test new ads, they often ask me, do I pause all of the previous ads I just run? And the answer is no.

Leave the best performing ads running because if an ad performs really well, why wouldn't you want to run it for three months or longer? Okay. And also when you're creating new ads, be aware that the structure of your best performer so far should help inform the structure of your new ads.

So let's say for example, that slideshows are working really well for you. Well, create new slideshow ads to test against previous performers. If a certain headline, the focus on a benefit of your product or service is working really well, well then focus on that in or something similar in the future ads that you create to test against new ad creative.

One thing I'll also mention on the length of time around how long do you want to run your Facebook ads for is plan with a longer time frame in mind as opposed to a shorter time frame. So a lot of Facebook advertisers I see will run a campaign for, you know, two or three days and then they will create a new campaign. And this particularly case when people are using lifetime budgets, I'm not a fan of using lifetime budgets, I much prefer daily budgets, but they will be creating campaigns very, very often.

That's not something you want to do. It's much better to run your ads for longer than it is for just two or three days because remember the learning phase. When an ad is first launched, it will go through the learning phase.

Facebook's basically working out who responds to this ad. When should we deliver this ad? Should we deliver this ad at 9am or 7pm or in the middle of the workday?

They're working all those elements out. Where does this ad perform best? Does it perform best on Instagram feeds or Facebook stories or all the other placement options?

That takes Facebook some time, usually around about 48 hours. So the first two days of results that you see when you launch a new Facebook ad are pretty unrepresentative of the results that you're likely to see on an ongoing basis. So if you see bad results and pause an ad straight away and you've only let it run for two days, that's too early.

You need to extend things out longer. That's why I said a minimum of seven days and then assess results and then go about making the decisions on that. So in terms of how long should you run an ad on the shorter end, I wouldn't plan to run an ad for anything less than seven days.

And then as I said, how long you run that ad for just depends on the results. Whilst it keeps ROI-ing, keep running it, there's no reason why not. So hopefully that's a very comprehensive answer.

That's really answered the how long should you run Facebook ads for. It's not a simple question that I can just say two weeks. And if people do, you should be wary of people who give simple answers like that.

The truth and the best results nearly always come from a more nuanced approach. Now, at the beginning of this video, I talked about a free Facebook advertising resource that I think you're going to be interested in. That's what I want to quickly tell you about now.

And that's a free webinar that I've created called Three Killer Facebook Advertising Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. Now in this webinar, I basically break down the three sales funnels, the three strategies that we use as a Facebook ads agency for our clients all the time. These sales funnels deliver fantastic results.

We've generated more than a million dollars with all of them. They're very much tried and tested. And I also explain out of those three options, which one you want to use depending on the type of business that you have.

So if you're a service based business, you want to use this one. If you're an e-commerce business, this one, etc, etc. Okay, which is really, really important because as I just said, there's no one size fits all when it comes to Facebook advertising.

You need the right strategy, the right sales funnel for your products and services. So I strongly recommend you check out this webinar 60, 70 minutes long. It's so, so valuable if you're looking to get better results for Facebook advertising.

If you use the wrong strategy, nothing else matters. Not how long you run a Facebook ad for, not your targeting, you're dead in the water. So you need to get the right strategy.

And that's the first stage. And this webinar will help you with that. There's a link in the video description.

It's completely free to watch. Go ahead and check it out now. And yeah, let me know how you get on with it.

If you enjoy it, that'd be appreciated. If you enjoyed this video, please comment below to let me know. Please like it, give it a thumbs up and of course, share it if possible and subscribe to my channel.

So I release Facebook advertising and SEO related content multiple times per week. If that's the sort of thing you're interested in, if you want better results in this space, I'm very happy to help you out. So subscribe, click the little bell notification when you do.

That way you'll be notified when I publish a new video. Make sure you don't miss it. And yeah, best of luck with your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, guys.

I will keep producing these videos and I'll talk to you guys soon. Thanks a lot. Bye bye.

Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.

Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.

Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.

Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye.