Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and in this video I'm going to show you how to find awesome Facebook ad examples. Now Facebook have very, very recently released a tool that's called the Facebook ad library. Now that's exactly where I am right now.

I'll include a link to it in the video description. But what you can do is you can come in here and you can search by business name, topic, keyword, things like that. So let's say for example I wanted to take a look at the ads of someone that I know produces fantastic ads in my industry and that's Digital Marketer.

They're one of the leaders in creating digital marketing related content. So I can search for Digital Marketer and things related to Digital Marketer pop up, but Digital Marketer, the actual company, they pop up as well. Now when you come in here you can see all the ads that this company is currently running, which is an absolutely fantastic tool for Facebook advertisers.

Because not only can you sort of see what, I'll explain why, the other steps in a minute. Let's go through this first. So I can see, the first thing I can see is that in the United States Digital Marketer are currently running 73 different ads, which is a huge amount.

I can filter this by country, so if I wanted to change that to UK for example or somewhere else I could do that. That might be useful if you're wondering what businesses are doing in certain markets. But look here, I can see the exact ad, I can see the copy.

If they've got video content I can play and watch the video. I can see what call to action button that they've used, what headline they've used. I can even click into one of the ads and get a little bit more information if there's sort of more information in the copy or something like that.

Occasionally there will be more information displayed on this right hand side when you take a look at a specific ad. But not all the time, so just be aware of that. But one of the most important things that you can do with this setup is you can see when an ad was created.

Now I'm recording this video, I believe it's the 13th of June today. So if an ad was started running on June 11th, that doesn't necessarily mean that it's a great Facebook ad example and it's performing really, really well. They might be testing this as a new strategy, they might not know how well it works.

But if I was to scroll down and there's 73 ads running, so if I keep going, okay, so one of the oldest ads they've got running was created on the 1st of March. Now this company really know what they're doing. If they've been running an ad for three and a half months, it's an absolute guarantee that that ad is working very well for them and meeting their objectives.

And you can do this in all sorts of businesses in all sorts of industries. You can go in, take a look at the Facebook ads that a big competitor in your industry is working, if it has been running for a long time. So they refresh their ads all the time.

Oh, we can go further back. February, we'll keep going. You know, this one was launched October.

So this ad is, what's that, nine months old almost, eight months old. This ad must be performing very, very well. Because it's been around so long.

Who continues to run an ad if it's not profitable for that amount of time? So I'd really encourage you to go in, search for your competitors that you know are doing a great job marketing on Facebook, marketing online. Go and take a look at the ads that they're using.

And these are fantastic ad examples for you to use. What I recommend is you obviously take a note of the copy, the headline, what it is that they're actually advertising, the strategy, the offer. But also, click in to see ad details.

And then you can click on their call to action button. And that will actually take you to the landing page they're using. So you can then go one stage further.

You can not only, or in this case, it's a piece of content. But you can not only take a look at the ad itself and what they're doing. But you can also take a look at their entire sales funnel.

You can basically funnel hack them, which is fantastically valuable because obviously the ad may only be part of the reason why that company is successful. So Facebook Ads Library, it's one of the best things Facebook have released. It'll show you all the ads that people have currently got live.

It is the best place to find Facebook ad examples. And as I said, you can go a step further than just looking at the Facebook ad examples. And you can take a look at the entire Facebook marketing strategy, the entire sales funnel.

And you can replicate that, learn from that, model from that. If you're lost with your Facebook advertising, if you're wondering, you know, what is it that I can offer? How can I make this work?

Facebook Ads Library is the place where you're going to find that out. It's where you're going to find all these fantastic Facebook ad examples and can really make a massive difference to your Facebook ad performance. Now, just before you go, something else that will make a massive difference to your Facebook ad results.

And that is my five-part Facebook ad template you can download right now for free. All you've got to do is click on the link in the video description. That'll take you to a page on my website when you'll be able to download it there.

This Facebook ad template contains some of the best performing ads. It's got some more Facebook ad examples for you guys. It contains some of the best performing ads we've created for our clients.

You can model from those Facebook ad examples. Don't copy them outright. They won't work specifically for your industry.

But you can model from them. You can work out what we've included and why. We've sort of broken those Facebook ad examples down and talked about what we've included in the copy, in the headline, in the imagery, things like that.

You should find it really, really useful. Link is in the video description. Go ahead and click that.

If you found this video useful, please give it a thumbs up and like. Please give it a like and subscribe to my channel. If you've used this to find Facebook ad examples in the past, please leave a comment below.

I'd be really interested to know who's jumped onto this new tool and started using it and found it useful. If you've never heard about this before, again, please leave a comment below. I would really appreciate that.

It'd be really interesting to see. I get to all the comments. If you've got questions, I will answer them.

And, yeah, I'll be bringing more Facebook advertising content your way shortly. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.