Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to test new Facebook ad creative. There's absolutely a way you want to be testing new ads and ways that you don't want to be testing new ads in order to see the best results possible. So I'm going to go through our exact process for testing new Facebook ad creative in this video.

Before I get into that, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button. That'd be much appreciated and really help me out. And of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already.

Okay, so I'm in an example Facebook ad account here and I wanted to quickly show you, well, I'm going to go through this. So we've got one campaign, we have four ad sets and we have 16 ads. Now this is fairly typical of how we might structure a Facebook ad campaign.

Now I say we've got 16 ads, that won't be 16 different ads, it'll be the same four ads across those four ad sets. It allows us to test targeting options, you know, you keep the the ads the same so you can see which targeting options perform the best, etc, etc. So this would be like a typical structure that we would likely use in our Facebook, in our clients Facebook ad accounts and when we're setting up a campaign.

So let's say you've run this campaign, it's been going a couple of weeks or a month or however long it's been, depending on your budget. Then you come in and you can see that, okay, let's, we'll park the ad sets. That's not sort of the purpose of this video, how we test those.

But let's say we've got ad sets that we're pretty happy with, we then go on to ads and we can see for example that we've got example, as you can see in this here, right, we've got example ad one, example ad two, example ad three and example ad four. We can see that perhaps example ad four is just not cutting it. It's not doing as well as the others.

Now how do we assess that? Because I get questions about that a lot. I basically always assess the performance of an ad around cost per conversion, not around volume.

You may have one ad or one ad set that's producing a lot of leads, a lot of purchases, a lot of whatever it is. But, and then, and then others that aren't hardly doing any volume and you might think, oh, I'll turn off the one that's not doing a lot of volume. That's not the right way to do it.

Go off cost. Which ones have your best cost per conversion? Pause the ones that have the highest cost per conversion.

So let's say example ad fours just across the ad sets were too expensive. The other ones were outperforming them. And let's say the same, for example, ad twos just across the board.

Now I know this isn't always this neat. Sometimes in some ad sets, you're going to see ads that perform better than others in which, sorry, you're going to see some ads that perform better than others. And that's going to be different to what you see in the other ad sets, in which case it's fine to optimize according to each ad set.

So you may end up with ad set two having ad one and four on, whereas ad set three has ad one and three on. That's absolutely fine. But let's say, so this is the first step when we want to test new Facebook ad creative.

This is step one, right, is pausing the underperformers. Now we know that we don't want to have more than five ads live in one ad set at any one time. That overloads Facebook.

It's too difficult for their optimization process to test the variables and they really struggle. Okay, so you'd pause in this example, let's say example ad and example three, example ad one, example ad three are performing really nicely. We want to leave those running.

Happy days. But four and two weren't doing quite as well. Absolutely fine.

This is what happens all the time. Now, when we want to add in new ad creative, and this is a scenario in which we would, right, we've got two ads that we're happy with, but why don't we add in two more to see what can produce the best results? It may be that the fifth or sixth ad we add into this campaign smashes out the park, improves the performance of everything, and it's well worth doing.

So we've got example ad one, example ad three. What you don't want to do is edit existing ads. Okay, I want all new elements within my Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns to learn under the conditions that they're going to be operating in.

If you go ahead and edit, for example, Luke, if you go ahead and edit example ad four and put in a new image or a new video, firstly, I think Facebook has a harder time with that because they try to get great results with the previous version of the ad and now you've changed it. So they're like, is this a new ad? How different is it?

Do I need to put it in front of the same people, different people? I think it confuses things somewhat. But also, if you look at your data, it's going to be difficult to work out what corresponds to what.

And it may not be at the time, but when you come and look back at this in a month's time, three months time, six months time, and you see, okay, example ad four, I know that we changed the creative in that three times. We changed it on May 12th, July 3rd, August 15th. You just, you see what I'm getting at here.

You can't just nicely go ahead and click on lifetime on the ad, see how it performed and base a few decisions around that because that's a very important thing to be able to see. I want, when I've been running a campaign for six months, let's say, I want to see that the 25 ads that we've run in there, I want to be able to review that after six months and know exactly how each ad performed. And then we go, you know what?

Looking at this over a six month time period, we can see the video ads in this campaign do perform better. That's what we're going to focus on in the future. Or we can see the ads with the focus on this particular benefit of this product or service, they produce the best results.

And that's what we're going to focus on in the future. So being able to look back at historical data, it's very important. If you change ads, all that goes out the window, right?

Okay. So very important that you don't edit existing ads. What you should do, let's say we wanted to, we've got, we're going to leave three and one live.

I would go ahead and in this case, because there's four ad sets, select all the threes, click duplicate, original campaign. We want to duplicate it into this campaign. You could, for example, duplicate these ads into another campaign, which would be absolutely fine, but not for the, not for these purposes right now.

Go ahead and click duplicate and then change the name on these to example, add five. I've automatically, when I click duplicate like that, got all four selected. And then I can go in and change, you know, to all four of those.

Remember, because there's going to be four example ads, five, one in each ad set. Hopefully that makes sense. Here's where you go ahead and add in your primary text, your media, it will copy everything across from your previous ad.

So if you're going to use the same headline or the same primary text, but you just want to change the Facebook ad creative, absolutely fine. Okay. Go ahead and do that.

And then you can go ahead and publish and set that up. If we go back in here, you can now see we've got a bunch of example, add fives, and then we could do exactly the same. If you wanted to add in another set, duplicate.

And then we've got these ones that were going to be example, add six. So now what we would have then with this round of testing is we're going to keep all the ones and threes, and we're going to test those alongside the fives and the sixes. So that's another important thing to do when you're testing new Facebook ad creative is not to remove the previous best performers, because you don't want, let's say for example, if we were to pause one and three that we know have done well so far or done the best at least and just run five and six.

What if five and six don't work? Then the results are just going to drop off a cliff. So you want to leave one and three running because if five and six don't work, Facebook will very quickly work that out.

They'll spend a lot more of the budget on one and three and your results won't drop off. This gives you a nice balance between going with what you know works best and testing. And you can continually go through this process and gradually improve your campaign over time, which can make a huge difference to your results and the profitability of your Facebook advertising efforts.

This is the setup. Okay, so we've just added in five and six. I would want to give this usually at least seven days.

I want to run one, three, five and six as they are for seven days. Sometimes it might be more if you're operating with a small budget, longer time frame. Sometimes it's going to be less, particularly if you're operating with a larger budget, but you want to give this a good amount of time for the new ads to go through the learning phase for Facebook to then start delivering them for you to be able to see okay, what is the cost per conversion or the cost per result looking like on these new ads versus the old ads.

Then you come in and do the same thing again. So perhaps after, let's say two weeks of running these ads, maybe a week, we can see that, you know what? Example ad six did not cut it.

But example ad five performed really well. Example ad one continued to perform well, but example ad three really dropped off. These sorts of things happen.

Okay, so then we go ahead and pause, pause the underperformers. We've got example ad one, example ad five still going because they're going well. Leave the best performing elements live.

And then you could look to add in some new ads, test two more, for example. And you know, the title of this video is about testing Facebook ad creative. So the imagery, videos, slideshows, whatever, you could do the same process here with headlines or primary text or other elements of your Facebook ad campaign.

And that is the process that we go through. It's fairly straightforward, but there's some real points here you don't, you know, you don't want to get wrong. You don't want to pause all your previous ads to test new stuff.

Don't do that. Leave the best ones running. You don't want to edit any existing ads.

Always duplicate and run the new creative in the new ad. So those are the two real major points that you need to focus on and get right when you're testing new creative alongside some of the other stuff like giving, making sure you give it enough time. You basically decisions around cost per result, usually cost per conversion, not volume.

That's very important. And then you go about, as I said, improving campaign. And if you do this, if you keep this up and do this for three months, six months, you can, you know, we've taken campaigns and reduced the cost per purchase by 80% by doing this because you learn at each stage, you go, hmm, okay, that ad worked really well.

Why did it work well? Can we create ads that are like the one that did really well? Yes, we can.

Oh, you know what? This ad that was just like the one that did really well actually performed better than the one that did really well when we put it into the campaign. Fantastic.

How can we keep improving? And if you pay attention and think and put the effort in on this, really pays off. This testing new Facebook ad creative.

And as we know, ad creative is one of the, the most important parts of a Facebook ad campaign. It's what people see, absolutely essential that you put time and effort into getting that right. Okay.

So hopefully this video has been useful. Before you go, a couple of things I want to mention. The first is our free Facebook ads mastermind group.

So it's a free Facebook group that you can join. A link is in the video description below. 75,000 plus members.

Amazing community full of people just like you. Facebook advertisers that want to get better results from their Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. They're asking questions, getting them answered.

I'm in there every day. I do free live trainings most weeks. Really is a great place to be completely free.

Link is in the video description below. Go ahead and, and join. And, and we'd love to have you.

Other free thing I want to mention is a free webinar I've created called three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue. And that webinar focuses all on the sales funnel. And it shows you exactly how sales funnels work in detail, which sales funnel you want to use for your products and services.

That's why there's three. So you can choose the right one for your business. Very, very important that often underestimated 60, 70 minutes long, very much worth your time.

If you haven't watched it already, go check it out. Link is in the video description, completely free. And, and yeah, if this has been useful, please give it a thumbs up, subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already.

And of course, comment below. I see all the comments. I, I'm, I answer as many as I can, but they're very helpful in directing me for new content in, um, showing me what you guys like, what questions you've got so I can answer them in future videos, all that sort of stuff.

So, um, yeah, please get in the comments below. Thanks a lot, guys. Talk to you soon.

Bye for now. . .

. . .