Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about how to scale a Facebook ad budget. Now there's a few things you need to be aware of when you're scaling. If you've got a Facebook ad campaign that's delivering fantastic results, let's say you're spending $100 a day on ads, you're generating $800 a day from that in revenue, that's an 8x return on ad spend, you're thinking this is fantastic, this is amazing, I want to scale, I want to spend $1,000 a day on my ads because that will generate $8,000 a day in revenue.

It might not necessarily work like that, there's some things you need to be aware of. So the first thing is that as you scale a Facebook ad budget, your costs are likely to increase and what I mean by cost is your cost per purchase, your cost per lead, whatever your primary metric is. And that's because Facebook is fantastic at working out who within your target audience is most likely to take your desired action.

So let's say for example you're running a conversion campaign optimising for purchases, you want people to buy your products on your website. Well Facebook's going to see, as your campaign runs, they're going to see which type of person, you know, what age are they, what gender, what are they interested in, who is most likely to buy this product, and they're going to focus your advertising efforts on those people. So they might work out of your audience to top 5% of people that are most likely to purchase and to take that action.

As you scale, you're saying to Facebook, I want you to put my ads in front of more people. So yes they're going to continue advertising to that top 5%, but they're also going to advertise to another 5% of your audience, another 10% of your audience, who might not be quite as responsive as that top 5%, and that's why your cost per purchase, cost per lead tends to increase as you scale. This isn't something to be afraid of, and it shouldn't stop you scaling, it's just something to be aware of.

You know, you could 10x a Facebook ad budget and only see, you know, a 15% increase in cost per purchase for example. And if that's the case, well that's fantastic, you know, because if you're generating let's say an 8x return on ad spend, a 15% increase in cost might take you down to let's say a 7x return on ad spend, but if you're doing 10x the volume, that's still a great deal, that's still fantastic. Just something to be aware of so you don't panic as you scale, and just something you can factor into your numbers to expect.

Okay, so that's the first thing. The second thing is that let's say you're at $100 a day ad spend and you want to go up to $1,000 a day, is to not do it all in one go. Very important.

If you're going to really give Facebook a hard time, they're going to very much struggle to optimise your campaign and deliver your campaign if you go from $100 a day to $1,000. What you're likely to see is a massive spike in cost per purchase, cost per lead or whatever it is you're optimising for if you do it that way. It's much better to do it in increments.

So here's how I do it. Let's say you want to increase from $100 a day to $1,000 a day. What I like to do is only change my budget every let's say 5 to 7 days.

Now that's a longer timeframe than most people recommend but I think it's important because I want to increase my budget and I want to see how it's going to perform at that budget level before I then jump to the next level. So, let's say I go from $100 a day to $200 a day. I want to wait a good 5 to 7 days because I want to make sure that my campaign will still perform at $200 a day.

And perform, I mean generate a good return on ad spend. Let's say it does. Great.

Then we'll go from $200 to $300. We'll repeat the process. It still performs at that level.

Fantastic. Let's go from $300 to $500. Then from $500 to $750.

Then from $750 to $1,000. Now you don't have to do exactly those numbers. You could be slightly higher, lower, whatever.

That's not a problem. But that's the sort of process I like to go through and those are the sort of increments I like to go in. Now that's going to take you 5 or 6 weeks.

It's going to take a little while to go through that. It is quicker obviously to just go all in one go, but you're going to see much more stable costs if you do it in that nice stepped approach. So that's what I would strongly recommend doing something along those lines and giving it a full 5 to 7 days between each one because if your campaign all of a sudden the costs spike at $500 a day, it is not going to perform very well at $1,000 a day.

You're going to have to make adjustments at that level before you scale further. Okay? The last thing I want to mention is if you do scale your budget and you see that your cost per purchase has all of a sudden doubled or tripled at a certain level, one of the best ways to combat that is increasing your audience size.

So let's say you're targeting a 1% lookalike based off previous purchases. If you've seen some of my other videos you'll know that that's an audience that I would strongly recommend you test. Well you could increase that to let's say a 3% lookalike or a 5% lookalike and that should help you achieve a more stable cost per purchase as you scale.

Okay? So that's one top tip if you do, you know, you want to go to $1,000 a day but you're stuck at $500 because all of a sudden your costs have spiked, try increasing your audience size. Okay, now before you go, something I want to quickly mention which is my Facebook Ads Mastermind Group.

So it's a completely free Facebook group. We've got almost 10,000 members now. Fantastic community full of other people who operate businesses that are looking to use Facebook advertising, Facebook Ads agency owners like myself, real experts that are happy to answer questions, provide feedback on ads.

It's a great community. If you're looking for better results from Facebook I would strongly recommend you join. There will be a link in the video description.

Go ahead and join there. I'll approve your request and we'd love to have you get involved with all the great stuff going on in there. If you enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up, that would be much appreciated.

Comment below if you enjoyed it let me know or if you've got any questions don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content and I'll talk to you in the next video. So I'll see you then. Bye bye.

Bye bye.