Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and today's Facebook advertising question is, how do I boost my conversion rates from Facebook ads? So this was a question that was asked on my Facebook advertising group this morning, and I responded to the guy and dug into this a little bit more to understand the process, ask what sort of campaign he's running. And the conversion rate that he's talking about is people that have clicked on a Facebook ad, come through to his website, and then it's the conversion rate from those people whether or not they purchase on his website.

So he runs an e-commerce store and that's what he wants to boost. He wants more people that visit his website from Facebook ads to then go on to make a purchase. So there's a few different things that we focus on when we see low conversion rates.

So the first thing I said was your campaign objective. What campaign objective are you using? If you're using the traffic objective on Facebook, then Facebook might be able to generate a lot of clicks for you, but those people might not necessarily go on to make a purchase, which could lead to a low conversion rate.

So the first thing I said was use the conversions objective instead of the traffic objective or any of the others, if that's what you're using. If you want purchases, use the conversions objective and optimise for purchases. The second thing was his checkout process.

I said how complicated is your checkout process? We've worked with a lot of e-commerce clients and we've seen a big improvement in the results they get from their Facebook ad campaigns when they simplify and improve their checkout process. It can make a massive difference.

It could double or more the purchases you get just by making that process easier because people really don't want to have to jump through a lot of hoops when they buy from anything online nowadays. And then the third thing that I mentioned was your products and their price point. So if you're using the right campaign objective, if you're getting people to your site, that shows your Facebook ads are working to some extent.

If your checkout process is straightforward and working well, perhaps people just aren't that interested in your products at the price that you're selling them at. And that can sometimes be a hard thing for people to hear. But a lot of the times you're either selling your products for too much money, they can find it cheaper elsewhere, it's just not enticing enough, or they're just not as interested in your products as you think they are.

If that's the case, you might have to go back to the drawing board, work on sourcing some products that your target market are going to be more interested in, or perhaps make some adjustments to your products, or drop the price. We've seen some great results with clients who've taken the price just below a threshold and have generated a lot more sales. So those are three simple ideas of how you can boost your conversion rates from your Facebook ads if you find that those are particularly low.

Hopefully this has been useful, if it has, please give this video a like and subscribe to my channel. Thanks a lot guys, bye bye.