Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how you want to adjust your Facebook ads targeting for the iOS 14 changes that we're seeing being implemented right now. We've done some experimenting with this across our clients and we found some simple and easy to implement techniques that can help improve things right now. So something you definitely want to do, to test and to watch this video to find out how to do it.

Before we get into that I just want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and subscribe to my channel if you and you haven't done so already. I'm going to be releasing a lot more iOS 14 related Facebook ads content over the next weeks and months so it's not something you're going to want to miss with everything changing and it's being such a big time for Facebook advertisers, the whole social media marketing world really with Facebook ads being the biggest part of it. Okay so this could be a short video, it's pretty straightforward but what we have found to work so far is in order to help Facebook because that's I think how you need to see this.

The iOS 14 changes have come into play, Facebook has been sort of knocked to the ground in a sense and in order to help Facebook get back up, in order to help the optimization process and the algorithm work properly, you want to give the optimization process that Facebook goes to automatically as much help as you possibly can because that's going to help get you the best results possible right. And I think one of the ways we can do that with targeting is to broaden your audiences. Okay it seems that the larger the audience within reason, okay within reason, the better campaigns are coping right now and I think with the reduced data that we're seeing coming through Facebook ad campaigns there are campaigns that are very much hit or miss if you've got smaller target audiences.

Campaigns either seem to to land on a pocket within the audience that tends to do really well or they don't and that's a risk that most Facebook advertisers don't want to take and to be honest it seems it's more missed than it is hit at the moment. I think that will improve as Facebook improves its systems because we know how good Facebook has been at finding those within our target audience that are most likely to take our desired actions so things like purchase, become a lead etc etc. But as Facebook's struggling to optimize right now with the reduced data set, giving them larger audiences gives them more data to work with, hopefully you get more conversion volume or whatever it is that you're going after, more volume coming through that gives Facebook more data and that's seemingly helping the situation right now.

So if you, so when would I make these changes? I wouldn't do so if you've got a campaign that has performed really well historically, is continuing to perform well even through these changes, that's absolutely fantastic. Don't feel like you need to change stuff along the lines of what I'm describing just because I'm saying it.

If you've got campaigns that are doing well it's fine to leave them as is to continue to optimize as you were previously. Perhaps you have a predominantly Android or desktop audience which you know a good amount of businesses do have and that's absolutely fine okay. However if you have seen more than a small drop off in performance then I would go ahead and and make those changes and try and open up your audiences.

So what is that going to look like? So let's say you're advertising to a 1% lookalike or a 1% lookalike audience, perhaps go to a 2% or a 3% lookalike. If you're targeting you know five different interest targeting options in separate ad sets which is how I'd recommend you do that, perhaps any that are under half a million they get paused and you focus on the larger audiences.

Those sorts of changes. Don't go immediately to open targeting. Now you can still use open targeting if you've been using it previously, if your business is a good candidate for that I'll include a link in the video description below to another video talking all about open targeting and when you do and don't want to use that.

That advice still holds true but those are the sorts of changes that I would recommend you make. Don't just go crazy with it okay. Make those changes and then give it some time.

You want to give it a good five, six, seven days to see how those changes affect performance okay. And remember and this is something I'm going to be talking about in a lot of my videos, we're not just looking at the Facebook ads manager data anymore. So when you're assessing performance you can't just look at that for a lot of businesses, you need to look at third-party data sources to corroborate exactly what is going on.

We've got a number of clients right now that their Google Analytics or some sort of third-party tracking is saying that the Facebook ad campaigns are performing just fine and similarly to what they were previously but the Facebook ads manager data is significantly down and the ads manager data is down because they have limited tracking, limited visibility, all those sorts of things. Same with Shopify and other systems where you can see the information coming through. If you can see that you're generating a ton of sales and Facebook ads is your primary form of marketing but your Facebook ad campaigns in ads manager don't look like they're doing very well maybe that's a reporting issue not an actual performance issue.

So that's something to really keep in mind when you're making a change like what I'm recommending to Facebook ads targeting where you open up your audiences to some extent is to actually look at to verify the data that you're seeing in your ad account and make sure that you're not making changes or coming to conclusions just based on missing information not based on what is actually happening what's actually going on your business because at the end of the day the profitability of a Facebook ad campaign and the success of your Facebook advertising is not what you see in your Facebook ad account necessarily it's the sales the leads you generate which you can check that information using other means other sources okay very very important so just a quick video give that a go um pop in the comments below to let me know how that how that all goes um if you've tried it if it worked if it didn't all that stuff's very useful information I do see all the comments and I respond to as many as I possibly can don't forget subscribe to my channel and of course like this video that'd be much appreciated and I will be releasing more iOS 14 related um content as I said over the over the next weeks or months before you go something I want to quickly mention and that's a free webinar called three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue and this webinar covers the different sales funnels that we use um all sales funnels are absolutely going to work in a post iOS 14 world we're using them right now for our clients yes there are going to be tweaks that need to be made and as I said are going to have um information on that but the core sales funnel structure is absolutely what you want to be going through so by all means go ahead and watch this webinar if you haven't done so already it's completely free link is in the video description below um go ahead and check that out and I think you'll see much better results from doing so at the end of the day the principles behind Facebook advertising the strategy the sales funnel that you need to use for your business depending on your products and services is going to hold true no matter what changes on reporting and data come into play because the the process that convinces someone to buy a $30,000 service or a $40 e-commerce product are the same no matter if the details change hopefully that makes sense so go ahead and check out the webinar and uh yeah hopefully that has been useful and I'll talk to you soon thanks guys bye for now