Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video I'm going to show you how to create the perfect Facebook video ad for service providers. So we work with a lot of service providers as a Facebook advertising agency. We run video ads for them all the time on Facebook, and if you can get it right, they can be very, very effective.

So what I'm gonna do in this video is go through one of my examples, one of my best performing videos, and sort of go through it, break down the elements, explain why it's worked, and obviously you can model from that and improve the video ads that you're creating at the moment. Now, the first thing that you'll notice on this video is that it's face to camera. Now I think this is really important for service providers.

It doesn't have to be you, you could hire an actor or use someone else in your company. But getting in front of the camera, number one, it grabs your attention, and number two, it helps establish your authority and demonstrate your expertise. If you can deliver value and show what you're talking about in the video in a face to camera format, I think that's very, very helpful, that'll help you.

You know, if you've got increased perceived expertise in the marketplace, your prospects are more likely to inquire, they're more likely to convert, and they're more likely to pay higher prices. So really, really important to get someone in front of the camera, I think. Second thing you'll notice is that this video is not very long, it's just over three minutes long, and that's about as long as you want to make these videos.

You want to have enough time to deliver the value. So you'll see as I go through the video in a minute, there's an introduction, I deliver the value, and then I have a call to action at the end. You want to have enough time to deliver the value, so I think 90 seconds should be about your minimum, but you don't want to make it too long.

If this video was six minutes or nine minutes, then people just simply wouldn't watch it, it'd be too long. So three minutes is about as long as you want to go to, maybe up to four, but that sort of 90 second to let's say four minute window seems to work really, really well with your face to camera videos for service providers. Another thing I'll note before I get started is the title is Why You're Wasting Your Time With Facebook, which I know is controversial.

It's, I'm not saying that Facebook is a waste of time in this video, I'm saying that people are wasting their time with Facebook, and this video is going to show them how to not waste their time with it, if that makes sense. So I'm going to get onto that in a second when I go through it. And the thing I just wanted to quickly cover is how well this video has done, so you can see that this is a good one to model from, and copy, it's got over 150,000 views, we would not have spent the money promoting it if it wasn't delivering good results for us to get up to 150,000 views.

1600 reactions, 433 comments, 298 shares. So it really has performed well, I think we spent more than 10,000 pounds promoting this video. It's added thousands of people to our email list, and many of those people have gone on to become clients of ours.

So it's worked really, really well, we continue to promote it to this day. Okay, so with that said, let's get into the video, and let's start playing it. If you're trying to promote your business on Facebook, then you're probably wasting your time.

And in this video, I'm going to explain why, and what you need to do on Facebook, to actually get results. Okay, so you can see what I've done there at the beginning. I've gone with something quite controversial.

You're probably wasting your time with Facebook. This video is designed to grab the attention of people that are promoting their business on Facebook, posting, trying to get leads, sales, et cetera. If people are doing that, and they're not getting results, this video is absolutely gonna, this introduction is absolutely gonna speak to them.

And remember, what I've included here is why you're wasting your time with Facebook, as text alongside me saying it. The reason why I've done that is because, as you'll probably know, when you first, when a video first starts playing in someone's Facebook newsfeed, it's muted. They can't hear the sound.

So that's just an extra little point there to help grab their attention. In terms of how you set that up, I just use a video editor that I found on Elance, I think. Well, it's called Upwork now.

Found on Upwork to do that for me. And yeah, you can easily do that. It doesn't cost a lot to get these video edited.

That's just a side point. But yeah, so I started with a controversial introduction to grab people's attention. I've got the text on screen to do the same.

And that's my intro. And the other thing is, alongside being controversial, I've also explained why people should keep watching this video. So I've mentioned there, and I'm going to explain in this video, what you need to do to actually get results, and not waste your time, is what's implied.

Okay? So that's hopefully gonna buy me some time to start delivering value while people watch this, so that I can then get them closer to the end, and closer to what I want them to do. So let's carry on.

My name's Ben Heath, and I'm the founder and CEO of Lead Guru, which is a London-based digital marketing agency. So there, I've just introduced myself, and I've talked about why I'm credible, why you should listen to me. I'm the founder, I'm the CEO of a digital marketing agency.

Okay, so the vast majority of small business owners and marketers promoting their businesses on Facebook aren't really getting any results. And they aren't really getting any results for two reasons. Number one, no one's watching.

And number two, no one cares. Okay, so I'm getting into the meat of the video here. I'm talking about the problem.

So I'm saying, you know, you guys have got a problem with spending all this time, money on Facebook, and not really getting any results. So I'm sort of setting the scene here. And that's a great thing to do.

Whatever it is your service, whatever it is the problem that your service solves, you might want to address the problem after you've introduced yourself, or just like I'm doing here, sort of aggravate it a little bit, and then you could lead into the solution. Okay, so let me start by explaining number one, no one's watching. Unless you are paying to promote your content on Facebook, very few people are going to see it.

And that's true even if your Facebook page has 60,000 plus likes, just like ours does. You have to remember. So again, explaining the problem, just throwing a little bit of credibility there.

Page's got 60,000 plus likes. People watching this will go, okay, this guy obviously knows what he's talking about. He's got so many likes on his page.

So if you can throw in little credibility indicators like I have in this video, that can really help. But yes, Facebook is a social network, but it's also an advertising platform. They make money from their advertisers, not from their regular users.

So of course, they're going to give their advertisers' content a lot more priority, and that's what's going to show up in people's news feeds. And this isn't a bad thing on their part. Facebook is a for-profit company, and just like you and me, they're going to prioritize their paying customers.

The good news is that it's not that expensive to advertise on Facebook. But I will say that if you're not willing to put at least a little bit of money behind your promotions, then to be honest, you're wasting your time. Okay, so let's move on to point number two.

So I covered point number one there. I explained the problem, why no one's watching, and I've also led into the solution. So I'm giving people value here, something that they can take away.

They don't need to use my service. They can take this information, they can implement it in their business, and it can help them get better results. I'm saying, look, you need to put some money behind what you're posting on Facebook, otherwise it's not going to work.

Really important that you deliver standalone value here. Don't just make it all about your service, okay? The other thing I wanted to cover here is that you can see that I'm using jump cuts.

So I'm jumping around the screen. Again, this is all handled by my video editor. I just record standing in one spot in front of a white sheet behind me with a digital SLR camera, and a couple of box lights set on a tripod, obviously, and a couple of box lights set up to provide good lighting.

It sounds complicated. It's a fairly simple setup to get those things set up, and the video editor jumps around the screen. The jumping around the screen is a video retention technique.

So that's designed to keep people's attention, keep them watching longer, just because it's a bit more visually interesting for me to pop up. It's the same reason why you'll see text pop up like you've got here right now. No one cares why you saw that little dollar sign pop up.

It's just to hold people's attention. Remember, Facebook newsfeed is a very interesting place. People are going to bounce around and leave if they find your video not very interesting.

So you want to use these little techniques to hold them there. As I said, you can find a freelancer to do this for you very cheaply, or you can do it yourself with a video editing software like Photoshop or something like that. Okay, let's carry on with the video.

You can see that I'm now moving on to the second point. So again, I'm gonna talk about the problem, and then I'm going to provide the solution, which is the standalone value in this video. No one cares.

Just paying to promote your business on Facebook isn't good enough. You need to promote something that people actually care about. I see so many small businesses posting things on Facebook that are all about them and their company, but no one cares about that stuff.

No one cares about your company updates. The Facebook newsfeed is a really interesting place with tons of distractions. So if you're going to grab people's attention, you need to promote something that people actually care about.

And for the most part, people care about a couple of things. They care about things that are entertaining, and they care about things that will help them achieve something they want to achieve. So that would be something educational.

Some businesses can promote things that are entertaining, and I'm sure you've seen examples of that. But the majority can't. It just doesn't make sense, and they need to go down the educational route.

And that's okay, because if you have something interesting and valuable to show people, they will listen to you. And once they're listening to you, then you have the perfect opportunity to sell to them. So to stop wasting your time with Facebook and deliver actual results, you need to pay to promote your content.

And you need to promote content that is highly valuable, and that your target market cares about. Now, just before we wrap up, I want to quickly... Okay, so I'm going to pause it there, because I'm just now going to lead in to the call to action.

So you can see that the last 48 seconds is all about the call to action. Before that, I'm not mentioning my service. I obviously mentioned that Facebook advertising agency, but I'm not mentioning my service, I'm not mentioning any of that.

I'm just focusing on delivering the value. So you can see there, again, the problem, no one cares. No one cares about your company updates.

They really don't. You need to promote something that people are actually interested in. You need to promote content and things like that.

That's the solution. So the standalone value there. You'll notice from this video that the delivery is quite polished.

The audio might not be great, because obviously I'm playing this on my computer and recording at the same time, so it might not sound very good, but the actual audio is pretty decent. It's been recorded with a microphone. But the delivery is quite polished.

What I do to prepare for these videos, I also script out every single word, and then I stand in one spot, as I said, in front of the white sheet. I deliver a line. Then I've got my laptop in front of me.

I read a line, out of screen. I read a line. I then deliver the line to the camera.

Stop. I then read another line. Deliver the line to the camera.

And repeat and repeat. And then the editor knows that each line needs to be broken up, and I need to be moved around the screen to keep it interesting. You don't necessarily need those sort of video editing features to make this work.

We work with clients that don't have that. But if you can do it, it does help. And if you're planning to spend tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars promoting a particular video ad, it can be worth the initial sort of investment in time or money.

Alternatively, if you don't want all this set up, just go and hire a video studio. Go spend a couple of hours there and get your video recorded, and that might be easier and more cost effective than actually buying the gear like I have. Okay, so we've been through the structure.

So we started off with a controversial introduction to grab people's attention. We've got stuff on screen to grab people's attention. Then I introduce myself.

Then I aggravate the problem. Tell them what the problem is. Then I provide the solution.

And now we're getting into the call to action. Really important that you include a call to action. A lot of people don't.

They just hope that people would come to their website and somehow hire them. It's not gonna happen. So let's go through this now.

Let me tell you about something that will help you get much better results from your Facebook ads. And that's a five part Facebook ad template that I've created, and that you can download right now for free. In this ad template, I've included some of our best performing ads that we've created for our clients in a number of different industries.

I've broken each ad down and explained what we've included in each and why. So if you're looking to promote your business on Facebook, then you'll find this really, really useful. You can obviously model from the examples given, and it should really help you guys out.

As I said, you can download it right now for free. All you need to do is click on the link in the video description above. That will take you through to our website, and you'll be able to download it there.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like and share. Okay, so I'm just wrapping up there, but I wanted to cover that call to action. So I'm obviously talking about my five part Facebook ad template, which is like a PDF document that you can download.

It's got a bunch of different ads that help you get better results. Now obviously, when people download that, in exchange, they are added to my email list, and I can then market to them going forward. What I also have set up with that ad template, and I would recommend if you haven't done so already, if you're watching this video, go ahead and download that template so you can see the process, is that on the thank you page, after they've downloaded my Facebook ad template, I've got another video that's talking about my services, and pitching that.

Now that's an extra step, because I like to get people on my email list. I know that those people convert into clients over the long run. But if, for example, instead of pitching a lead magnet to get someone on my email list, you could be pitching your service here at the end.

You could spend this last 30 seconds pitching your service. So you can see you need to touch on some of the same points. So I've said, just before you go, something I want to tell you about that you can be very interested in.

Again, that's holding their attention. And then I get into what it is that I'm offering. So let's say for example, I don't know, you're a car garage, and you offer some sort of repair, like an annual service.

You could say, we're offering a service, we've got a discount on the moment, we're offering 25% off. Come down and get this service on your car, and you'll get XYZ benefits. It'll help it last longer, help prevent issues, da da da da da.

Rattle off the reasons why someone wants to take the action you want them to take. And then the call to action, instead of in this case being, click the link in the video description. That could just be, you know, leave a message below saying you're interested.

It could be send our Facebook page a message. It could be click on this link to the contact page on our website and inquire there. Whatever it is you want them to do, make sure you tell them what they need to do.

So in this case, it's click the link in the video description, and then download the Facebook ad template. Very, very simple. Give simple, clear instructions, and tell them what to do.

Don't expect people to work it out. They're not paying that much attention to your stuff on Facebook for them to sort of fill in the gaps if you leave them. Okay, so that's very simple what that is.

Let's just end with the last 10 seconds. Yeah, I really appreciate that. And I'll talk to you soon.

Bye bye. Okay, so what I've done there is I've just included, right at the end, hold on, let me cancel that before it changes. Doing that registered, there we go.

So right at the end there, I've just included the instructions that I want people to take. Click the link in the video description to download the 5-par Facebook ad template. There's a little end screen, nice little addition.

But what hopefully you caught right at the end there, before I ended, was I asked people if they would like, comment, and share the video. Social proof helps reduce the cutting. Social proof, likes, comments, and shares.

Shows people that, shows Facebook that your video is interesting, people are into it, et cetera, et cetera. So there are many reasons why just to quickly include that little ask right at the end. And then if we have a look at the video description, just to show that, you can see that all I've done is very, very quickly included the first couple of lines.

If you're trying to promote your business on Facebook, then you're probably wasting your time. And in this video, explain why and what you need to do to actually get results. So someone's watching this on silent, they're not really paying attention, they have a quick look at the description, which people do do, to see whether or not it's something they're interested, something they want to watch.

Then they will see here, this is the exact same line, this is the reason why they want to watch a video that I give in the actual video itself. Then after that, I don't include anything else, keep it short and sweet. I just start talking about this five part Facebook ad template, which is the action that I want people to take.

I include some of the benefits for using it, and then I provide the link. I'll include a link to this video, example video, by the way, in the description of the video that I'm currently recording, whether you see this on YouTube or whatever, so you can come through and have a look at this video and go through it. So those are the elements of the video.

I wanted to keep this video quite short, I could talk about some of the other parts, but now it might seem quite daunting to create a video like this with all the jump cuts, and all the various elements and the editing and getting all the setup and all that sort of stuff, but it's not that difficult to do. As I said, the equipment, I'll just list it again for you guys so you can hunt it down, is a DSLR camera, digital SLR camera. We've got a couple of box lights, which create night's natural light.

The camera's on a tripod. I've got a little lapel mic. I've got a white sheet up behind me.

You can buy specific camera ones. And that's it. That's all the equipment that you require to record a good quality video like this.

And then I send it off to a freelancer that I found on Upwork, not very expensive, to get a video like this edited with the jump cuts and all that sort of stuff. And it's good to go. And if you're looking to spend tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars on a Facebook video ad, which you should be, because let's be honest, if this works, and let's say this video delivers a 10X ROI, why wouldn't you want to spend as much as you can on that?

Increase your client base, get as many clients through the door as possible, and increase their value, it could work really well. So spend the time on it, get it right, model from this exactly. As I said, I'll include a link in the description of this video.

And if you've got any comments, you've got any questions about this, the various elements I didn't get to, I wanted to keep this video quite short, include them below, leave a comment below. I will get to them and let you guys know what I think. This video is performed very well.

Hopefully a similar one will perform very well for your business and for your service. And yeah, best of luck with it. As I said, just before I go, if you want to see the full process, go ahead and download the five part Facebook ad template like I recommended.

That way you can see, once you download that, you're taken to a thank you page and you can see the process to understand if you want to follow the steps of using a lead magnet, et cetera, et cetera. Thanks a lot guys. Please be sure to subscribe and I'll talk to you soon.

Bye-bye.