Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to create a Facebook lead generation ad campaign. This is something I get asked a lot about. There's a lot of service-based business, local businesses that use lead generation campaigns.

They can work really, really well. So what I thought I'd do in this video is give you sort of a step-by-step demonstration of exactly how we create lead ad campaigns. Now, what I've done is I've gone into one of our clients' accounts, who's fortunately given me permission to show you guys this, and what we're going to do is we're going to go through and create a replica of a campaign that we've already created for them that we know has worked really well.

I'm going to talk about the results of this campaign achieved at the end of the video, but it'll be interesting to see exactly how we go through the process. Hopefully you should find this really useful. So first thing you obviously need to do is go ahead and click the Create button, because the first thing we need to do is create a new campaign.

So if I just call this example lead gen campaign, and then buying tightly that as auction, campaign objective obviously is already set to lead generation. Yours might not be. If you come in here and you see traffic or whatever, it's only set to lead generation because that's the last campaign objective we used in this account.

But you want to go ahead and select lead generation. You can pop in a name for your ad set, and you know what? I'm going to skip ad because I'm going to copy it in from existing campaign.

I'll show you guys how to do that a bit. So example ad set, and we're just going to quickly save to draft. First thing we want to do is head into the ad set, and then we'll get to the ad, and to the lead form, which is probably where you guys have most of your sort of questions about this sort of stuff.

So we've got example lead gen campaign, objective lead generation, all fine. Try campaign budget optimisation. You could probably see, this is just a bit of a side note, but Facebook is mentioning this more and more nowadays.

It's going to become mandatory, so I basically recommend that you get ahead of the curve and go ahead and use it now as opposed to setting your budget at the ad set level. There are advantages to do so. I've created a video all about that.

Check out my YouTube channel for that. Leave that as low as cost. That's another video.

That's all we need to do in the campaign. Right, now we need to go into the ad set. Okay, so here we are now at the ad set level, and here we need to decide who we're going to advertise to.

It's obviously really important of any Facebook advertising campaign and any lead generation campaign on Facebook is to make sure you're advertising to the right people. And I've got a little bit of, probably a bit of a surprise in store for you on that. Don't worry about any of this stuff.

Don't have to worry about catalogue or anything like that. You want to scroll down. Now, the first thing you need to do when running a lead generation campaign is select the location targeting stuff that you want to include based on where it is that you operate and how far you're willing to travel.

Because most businesses that are running a lead generation campaign are local-based businesses. Service businesses operate on a local basis. So that's the first thing to come in and do.

So for this business, we're not going to put in their physical address. You can literally put in your address and say within 20 miles, 30 miles, or whatever. But this company is based near Maidenhead.

25 miles is probably a bit much for them. They would, in an ideal world, be working, I nearly got that right, within 15 miles. Now, the reason why you start with this sort of targeting parameters, you can see that the audience has shrunk massively.

Now, again, they're based here, which is near London. You're getting parts of the outskirts of London in there. That's a dense population centre.

If you operate somewhere that's relatively rural or remote, this number, if it's anything less than half a million people, I wouldn't recommend adding in any other targeted parameters. Leave it really broad. In this case, we're still a little large.

So for this company, their target market is almost exclusively 35 plus. That brings us down to 910,000. Sometimes we will run with that.

And in this case, as I said, this is a campaign we've already created. That's exactly what we did. We didn't enter any more targeting parameters.

We just went ahead and used that large an audience, 910,000, and found that that worked really well. If, again, you've got a larger area or you do advertise nationwide, internationally, something like that, you're going to want some more targeting parameters in there. The best things to do is to come up here and add a lookalike audience based off previous customers or failing that based off your email subscriber list.

And if you don't have either of those, you don't have any previous, well, you don't have a number of previous customers or you don't have an email list, then website traffic is what I would use. I've just created a video all about that. So make sure you check that out, all about creating lookalike audiences if you're not familiar with those.

But that's where I'm going to go. So for this campaign, I'm going to keep it exactly how we did it and we're going to go with those targeting options. 35 plus, both genders.

We're not going to add anything in here in the detailed targeting. I tend to stay away from this as much as possible. It doesn't produce the best results.

And everything else we're going to leave the same. You can leave automatic placements. That's fine.

Optimization for ad deliveries obviously leads. Cost control, lowest cost. Absolutely fine.

That's the ad set level done. So we now want to create the ad. Now the reason why I didn't create the ad when I created the original campaign is I'm actually just going to duplicate over an ad from the existing campaign into this one and just talk you through the various elements and options and explain why it's done well.

So I'm just going to quickly do that and then there'll be an ad in this campaign. What you want to do is just minimize this to create your ad. Click create.

Make sure you select the right campaign. Use existing ad set. Example ad set here.

And then create a new ad in here. Save the draft and that will pop a new ad into your account. I'm going to be back a sec.

Okay, so I've duplicated one of the ads from the actual campaign that's live into this example campaign to show you the elements and show you what we've created and go through that. So I've just quickly renamed it Example ad. I've selected it.

I'm going to now click edit to talk you through the elements. So just to give you a quick bit of background about the business, it's an interior design company called Design by Deborah. If you're in and around the Berkshire area in the UK and you're looking to redecorate your home or you've just moved house and need to redecorate that, then get in touch with this company.

They do great work. With that out of the way, let's get into the ad. So first thing, let's scroll down here and have a look at the preview.

So the first thing I need to go through is the offer that we're using because with any lead generation campaign, it's really important that you offer something that people actually want. So if you're a service-based business or a local business, well, maybe not so much a local business, but if you're a service-based business, I'm a big fan of the free consultation, the free quotes, something like that. And the reason why is because it's a really low risk offer for your prospects to take you up on.

There's very little downside there's not a lot that can go wrong. There's not a lot of time that can be wasted, no money that can be wasted for your prospects to sign up for a free consultation. So if you're a service business, this is something that I would really recommend.

If you're a local business, restaurant, dentist, something like that, offer a discount in your lead ad. You need some sort of offer, you know, two for one on Tuesday nights, you know, free drinks on Wednesday nights, whatever it happens to be. But put in some sort of offer that really grabs your audience's attention.

That's very, very important. So here we've got the free interior design consultations. Now one thing I'll quickly mention on this, if you're worried about all your time being taken up with free consultations, once people sign up for your lead generation ad, you don't have to meet with them all.

You can call them first, make sure that, you know, they're appropriate for you, you're appropriate for them before you go and waste their time and your own. You can take that step and that's what I'd recommend. Anyways, the first thing we've got is a free consultation.

So we've got that in the headline here, free interior design consultations. Very, very simple. Next thing I'll mention is the image.

Now, this is a portfolio-based business. So it's an interior design company and there are lots of service businesses that are portfolio-based. If you're not portfolio-based, then let's say, you know, you're a local like accountancy practice or something like that, then go ahead, come into the images here, select stock and look for some nice images of office, accountants working, things like that.

I know it can look a little bit corny, a little bit cliche to have those images a bit boring. It can still work. If the offer's good, the image just needs to be congruent with whatever it is that you offer.

It needs to make sense and it can work. We've done it a lot of times. Obviously, if you do have a portfolio-based business, fantastic.

Just choose some of the best images. I mean, here we've got, you know, a really nice kitchen with a breakfast bar, just the sort of thing that people can look at and go, that looks lovely. We'd like something like that.

Let's get in touch with this company. That's the next thing. Okay, moving on to that, let's go to the text here.

So, we've got it over both things. So, the text here we've used is short and sweet and that's what I'd recommend for most lead generation campaigns. You want people to quickly sign up for this offer, not spend too long.

Remember, people on Facebook, attention spans are small. You want to quickly grab them. Here, we've got, we start off with two quick questions.

Moving house, redecorating. So, when we did the initial sort of debrief with this company, we found out that 90 plus percent of their businesses are either planning already to redecorate or they've just moved house and that's when they hire an interior designer. So, we knew that's exactly who we wanted to go after and by including these two quick sentences, these quick questions at the beginning of the copy, it's really calling out to them.

So, if you're scrolling through your Facebook news feed and you are moving house or you are redecorating, that's going to grab your attention. Moving house, oh yeah, I am actually and that might buy an extra few seconds for you to read the rest, find out what the offer is and potentially become a lead. Once you've got those questions out of the way, we then just focus on the benefits of the service.

So, we've got, we'll design a beautiful interior for your home and manage the project for you. That's something we know their customers want. They want a beautiful home.

That's the outcome they want and they don't want all the hassle that comes with making that a reality. So, managing the project for you is really compelling copy. Short and sweet.

So, if you can, I'd recommend you replicate this. So, start by calling out to your target market and there's nearly always an application for this for most businesses, particularly most service-based businesses. If your business doesn't have anything like that, then you can just focus on the offer at the top of the copy.

So, we could have put, for example, free interior design consultations in sort of bold, you know, not bold, but in capitalized letters right at the top to grab people's attention instead. I prefer this way. Then, obviously, you've got your offer.

You've got your image. Newsfeed link description. I would just reiterate what it is that the offer is all about and encourage people to take action.

So, here we've got, so you can't see it here because we're in, this is a mobile preview. If we were to change this to a desktop newsfeed preview, you'll be able to see the start of it there. And in other, in other various placements, it looks slightly different.

But we've got here, would you like a free consultation at your property with Deborah, our award-winning interior designer? Click here to book now. They click on that and they go through.

Then, the call to action button, which is the final element. I'll go back to mobile newsfeed. And the reason, by the way, guys, I focus on mobile newsfeed is that's probably because 95% of the people that see this ad and interact with it are going to do so on the mobile newsfeed.

Then we've got the call to action button here, which is sign up. Sign up here. And that's what we want them to do.

We want them to sign up for a free interior design consultation. So, whatever is most appropriate here from the list. For most businesses, it's going to be sign up.

Might be get quote, if that's what your offer is. Something like that. That's what they go for.

Okay, that's the ad. Really very simple, but can work. But, well, in this case, is working very, very well.

You just have to think a little bit about the copy. Make sure that the offer's good. If you run the lead generation campaign and it doesn't produce very good results, that's most likely because your offer isn't good enough.

So, when you're going through and testing things, that's the first thing to test. Is that something people actually want? We thought that two for one on main courses for the local restaurant on a Tuesday would work.

It's just not. Okay, you've got to mix it up. You've got to change it up.

So, next thing after you've got all that set up is to do your lead form. So, what I'm going to do is just create a new form. Obviously, we've already got one set up.

Now, your lead form is the information that is captured or that you're asking for from your prospects in order for them to sign up for whatever it is that you're offering. So, in this case, when they click on that sign up button that we just discussed or elsewhere on the ad, this, what you can see on the right here, I'm blocking it slightly but you can see the form preview. This here is what's going to pop up.

They're not going to leave Facebook. They're going to stay in Facebook. They're not going to come through to your website.

This is going to pop up. I'm going to ask for their details. They need to pop in their details.

Click submit. They've effectively signed up, in this case, for the free consultation. That information is fed through to your Facebook page and then from there you can contact these people and get those free consultations booked in.

So, there's a few things to go through on the lead form. First thing, obviously, you need to give it a name. I'm not going to bother here.

You have two options here. You can choose more volume or higher intent. I would recommend for the beginning go with more volume.

If you're finding that you're generating tons of leads and that they aren't very good quality, then come in and select higher intent. All this is doing is providing a review step to make sure people confirm they actually wanted to sign up for the free consultation. But to start with, I would go with more volume.

Intro, I don't think that's important. It's just adding, making it a bit more complicated. So, to start with, I get rid of that.

Then you move into the questions. So, we need to provide a little headline at the top of here. So, here you just want to reiterate whatever it is they're signing up for.

So, sign up for your free interior I need to learn how to spell. Design consultation by providing your info below. Just get that right.

By providing your info below. And a colon in there. Very, very simple.

Doesn't need to be any more complicated than that. You don't need to further sell it. You just want to get their information.

Now, Facebook will automatically include, they'll ask people's email and full name. There's one other piece of information you have to include when you're running Facebook lead generation campaigns and that is a phone number. There it is.

And the reason why is because if you just get their name and their email address and you try and follow up with these people via email, you're going to have the vast majority of them never get back to you. I don't really know why. It's something that they've signed up for, they're interested in, but that's just one of those things.

So, ask for their phone number and don't email them. When the leads come through and the data comes through into your Facebook page, give them a call to get the free consultation or whatever it is that you're offering booked in. So, I think that's all.

Let me just check. That's all on the questions. You can add other questions.

You can ask for other things. I would recommend that you keep it simple and don't bother asking for that other stuff. The more information you ask for, the lower the response rate is going to be on this ad and the higher you're going to pay, the more you're going to pay per lead when you run your Facebook ad campaigns.

So, let's get rid of questions. A couple of things you need to do. You need a privacy policy.

So, obviously, this is something we're creating. So, what I would do is, for example, I might have, so this company is obviously called Designed by Deborah's Privacy Policy and that's like, this is the link text. So, here you go.

It's down here. Designed by Deborah's Privacy Policy and then you just pop in the link to your privacy policy which is almost certainly on your website into there. It just needs to talk about how you're going to process people's data because obviously that's what you're collecting here and there's all sorts of GDPR regulations and things around that.

You can add a disclaimer if you would like. And then the last thing is the thank you screen. So, headline is thanks you're set.

I often leave that as is and then I'd like to change this. Your info is percent designed by Deborah. Taps load is designed by Deborah.

I don't think that's great. What I'd like to change that to instead is make it sound like a bit more from the company. We'll contact you.

Shortly to book your free interior design consultation. Super simple. So, once they submit their information this is obviously the thank you page they're sent to.

This is after they click the submit button. Thanks you're all set. We'll contact you shortly to book your free interior design consultation.

So, then they know they can expect that they're going to get a call within, hopefully within that day. That's definitely what I'd recommend. One quick thing about lead generation campaigns I should mention guys.

The quicker you follow up with prospects the more likely you are to make contact with them and the more likely you are to get them booked in which is obviously essential for them to then go on to become your customers. There are a few different options down here that you download cool business for your website. If you want to give you a call you can change that to cool business.

Most of the time I just leave it as your website and then obviously pop in a link to the website in there and that's it. That's the lead form. You can make them a lot more complicated if you want with different questions, introductions, yada yada yada.

I don't think it is necessary or useful in the slightest. The only thing I would say in terms of form type is that if you are finding you're generating a lot of volume, a lot of lead volume but the leads are low quality you're finding a lot of trying to contact people and they're not picking up the phone etc. Then just pop in a higher intent thing.

Anything you do with Facebook advertising to improve lead quality decreases lead quantity. That is a trade off. So the easier you make it the more you're going to get but the opposite side of that is that the harder you make it the lesser you'll get but the people you get through might be the better prospects.

Sometimes that's worth doing sometimes that's not. That's a judgment call you have to make. Okay so I'm going to exit out of this lead form now.

You would just click save which is hidden behind here and then your ad will be ready to go. You click publish. What I'm going to do is jump into the live version of this campaign not this example version to show you the results we've been able to achieve and the fact that it's done really really well.

Okay so now we're back into the campaign level in ads manager in their ad account and you can see here we've got free consultation offer lead gen. This is the live version of the campaign just quickly show you the results. So this has been running for I believe around about a month and we've generated 72 leads.

Each lead has just cost £7.06p each. Obviously £500 spent generated 818 link clicks which is interesting. But the metrics that really matter are 72 leads £7.06p each.

Now for a lot of service based businesses if you can't make a profit generating leads for just £7 each then you need to charge more for your service. For this business in particular interior designers they only work with a small number of people and the average customer value is very very high. So that's very very profitable for them.

In fact we probably have to turn this off at some point because it's generating more leads than this company can handle. But that's often the case with lead generation campaigns. If you're a service based business you have limited capacity and that's how you need to do.

So very simple campaign but just because it's simple doesn't mean it's effective and you can see from the results here you know £72, £7 each that's very very effective. So hopefully you found this video useful. If you did please give it a thumbs up share it subscribe to my YouTube channel that really helps the video rank which I appreciate.

If you've got any questions pop them in the comment section below I will be sure to get to them. And just before you go there's something I want to quickly mention which is my five part Facebook ad template which you can download right now for free. So this template includes some of the best performing ads we've created in a number of industries one of which is actually from this company to do with lead generation.

But it's got a lot of other different ads in there from different industries. If you're looking to get better results from Facebook you can have a look at that model from those ads apply them to your own business you should find it really really useful. So you can download this as I said for free Facebook ad template all you've got to do is click on the link in the video description that'll take you to a page on my website and you will be able to download it there.

So best of luck guys hopefully your lead generation campaigns go really well and you've learned some valuable information here and I'll talk to you soon. Bye bye. Bye bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye.