Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGroo, and in this video I'm going to answer a big Facebook advertising question, and that's how much does Facebook advertising cost? It's obviously something everyone wants to know when they first start advertising on Facebook. They want to know how much is it going to cost me, what am I going to get out of it, how much do I need to invest on a monthly basis, and that's what I'm going to cover in this video.

I'm also going to cover the things that affect Facebook advertising costs, so things that you can adjust to your campaigns, to your approach to help reduce your Facebook advertising cost and improve the results that you get. Obviously that's what we all want to do, we all want to pay as little as possible and get the best results as possible. So make sure you stick around to the end to go through those points, they'll be really really valuable.

Now as I go through this video, what I'm going to be doing is going through a blog post that I wrote called How Much Does Facebook advertising Cost? Same name as the title of this video, and I've gathered together a bunch of statistics for different countries, industries, things like that, that you should find really valuable. So if you want to check out this blog post as well, I'll include a link to it in the description of this video, so just check that out if you're interested.

Okay, so moving on. So the first thing that, when you're thinking how much does Facebook advertising cost, obviously it depends massively on a number of factors, but let's give you some base points, some ideas. The stats in this blog post were collected about a year ago.

Facebook advertising cost hasn't changed since then, which is fantastic. Three or four years ago, the cost of Facebook ads was increasing all the time, and we were sort of thinking in the industry, when's it going to plateau out and stop becoming more expensive? Well, for the last 12, 18 months, I haven't seen an increase in cost for the campaigns that we run for our Facebook ad clients, and neither have a bunch of my friends that are also Facebook ad agency owners and things like that.

So it seems that it's stabilized, so the data from a year ago is absolutely accurate now, and probably going to stay that way for a while, which is fantastic. So the average cost of a click on Facebook, that's the first thing that most people measure, is they want to know how much it's going to cost me to get someone from Facebook via an ad to my website. How much that click is going to cost is 97 cents, as you can see here.

But of course, that varies a lot between countries. So in the UK, we're looking at 78p, which is going to be slightly less. In the US, it's going to be slightly more, at $1.10.

In other countries, developing nations that are much cheaper to advertise in, like India, you're looking at just 12 cents a click. So that's going to vary a lot between country. And you can see I've got a graph here that shows the sort of average cost per click based on countries.

It's really interesting to check out. This is a little bit older, about 18 months old at the time I'm recording this video. But as I said, stats, the data in terms of how much does Facebook advertising cost, hasn't changed that much since then.

So the first thing is cost per click. Now, that might be how a lot of advertisers measure it, particularly ones that have advertised on Google and other advertising platforms. That's how they think about it.

But that's not really how Facebook assesses their cost. They assess cost on CPMs, which is cost per thousand impressions. So how much does it cost to get a thousand impressions on one of your ads?

That doesn't mean it's seen by a thousand people, because, of course, some people will see your ad more than one times, more than one time. But that's the metric that they use. Now, what's interesting is we might see much greater discrepancies between countries, even though the CPC, the cost per click data is similar.

So in the US, for example, average, we're looking at $7.34 per thousand impressions. In the UK, we're looking at just $3.15. Now, I can say that it is much less expensive to advertise in the UK on a CPM basis.

But you can see that that's just about, well, it's actually slightly more than double the cost in the US. But if we go back up, the CPCs aren't really that different. So a 78P is going to be roughly $1, $1.05, something like that.

You can see that those two numbers aren't that different in terms of CPC. And that's because the US market is much more responsive to advertising than the UK market. So even though it costs a lot more to get a thousand impressions, a lot more people are going to click on your ads, they're going to interact with your ads because they're just more open to advertising in general.

And therefore, your cost per click and potentially your cost per conversion could be quite similar. So, you know, you can go through different countries and obviously different ones have different CPMs. But those are the two basic metrics in terms of how much does it cost is cost per click, cost per thousand impressions.

Now, depending on what you want, you might want a certain amount of reach, a certain amount of video views. Perhaps you want to send a certain amount of people to your website. You can start to plug in those numbers and think, you know what?

I want an extra thousand people to visit my website every month. OK, well, you're probably looking at roughly a thousand dollars, depending on what you're looking at to achieve that. You can start to come up with some sort of metrics.

Now, that's in terms of cost. There's differences, as I said, between countries, industry, all that sort of stuff. But there are also a lot of other things that affect your specific Facebook advertising cost.

So some businesses are going to pay a lot more to reach the same amount of people. Some businesses are going to pay a lot less to generate the same amount of clicks. And that obviously comes down to the quality of their advertising and some of these factors.

So one of the most important factors in assessing how much Facebook advertising is going to cost you is your CTR, so your click through rate. Now, your click through rate is how many people saw your ad versus how many people clicked on it. So here's a perfect example that I took from my own Facebook ad account.

So you can see that these are two different ads. Both have got a similar amount of link clicks, around 700. Now, you can see that the cost per link click is very, very different.

So this one's just 66P. That one's £1.09. So that one's slightly more than half of the cost per click of this one.

And you can see that one of the big reasons for that is the CTR. So 1.18% of people that saw this ad clicked on it versus just 0.58% of people that saw this ad clicked on it. And that makes sense because, remember, Facebook is charging and they're thinking in CPMs, in cost per thousand impressions.

So you're charged per thousand people or per thousand impressions. And if you can manage to get twice as many clicks from those thousand people as someone else who's advertising something similar, then you will pay half as much. Does that make sense?

It's simply the way it works. So even though you might think in a cost per click from an advertiser point of view, you should really think in CPMs because that's how Facebook operates. And if you want to reduce your cost per click, go ahead and see what you can do to increase your CTR and monitor this as a metric.

Now, of course, in fact, actually, before I move onto this, just to have a quickly look, you can see that some of the things that affect CTR is going to be your industry. So there's some things, there's a lot of things you could do to improve CTR. You can make your ad copy more engaging.

You can make sure your targeting is more accurate. Use things like lookalike audiences. You can use special offers and limited time only offers and all things to grab people's attention, increase engagement.

But there is just going to be some elements to the industry that you operate in and various things like that that are going to affect your click through rate. So you can see here that the average click through rate across Facebook ads in all industries is 0.9%. So that's a benchmark for when you're advertising.

If you're able to achieve 2%, you're doing phenomenally well. If you're down at 0.4%, 0.3%, you probably want to adjust things and improve. But you can see a big difference based on your industry.

So if you look at some of the lower ones here, this pink one here is financial insurance. That makes a lot of sense. People are less likely to click on a financial insurance ad.

It's not that interesting even though it might be very useful for a lot of people. If we look at one of the highest ones, which is orange one here, is legal. That's very interesting.

I wouldn't have expected that. What have we got another one? Retail.

That's exactly what I'd have expected. Great products, interesting e-commerce stores and things like that that pop up. People are going to click on those ads.

So just be aware of this data and think that if you're operating in finance and insurance and you're only seeing 0.7% click-through rates and you're thinking, how do I increase this? I want to reduce my Facebook advertising cost. Maybe it's not that possible just given the industry that you operate in.

Okay. Linked to your CTR is obviously your ad relevance score. And this can really have a massive impact on how much Facebook advertising costs you.

So relevant score, for those of you who don't know, is a number from 1 to 10 that shows basically how relevant your Facebook ads are to your target audience. Now there's a number of different things that go into calculating your relevant score. Your CTR, your click-through rate, is one of them.

Another one is how likely people are to take your desired action. So let's say, for example, you're running a conversions campaign. If you're generating lots of purchases from your conversions campaign and that's what you're optimising for, Facebook will see that people are doing what you want them to do.

And that they will give you a higher relevance score for that. Positive feedback. So when people share the post, comment on it, things like that.

And negative feedback, when they hide the post, when they say they don't want to receive any more ads from your page. That's negative feedback. All these things factor in to your ad relevance score.

But as you can see here, ads with low relevance scores will have higher CPMs. Ads with higher relevance scores will have lower CPMs. And Facebook is doing that to basically encourage advertisers to create ads that users find interesting, engaging and don't annoy them.

You know, low relevance scores ads aren't landing very well with an audience. And Facebook effectively punishes advertisers to encourage them to create higher quality ads that users will enjoy or at least prefer. And they reward those with lower CPMs.

And they do this because they don't want their users to be put off with annoying or poor quality advertising. Which could easily happen if, you know, if they didn't have this sort of method and they didn't have checks and balances in place. They obviously have their advertiser policies as well.

But that's a really important thing. So if you're interested in finding out more about relevance score than what I just quickly covered there, I've got a video on that. Again, I'll include that in the video description, in this video's description, a link to this video here where you can find out what Facebook ads relevance score is, how to improve it, all that sort of stuff.

There's some great information in that. So I recommend you check it out. Okay, next thing that can affect how much Facebook advertising costs is the Facebook ad objective that you choose.

So when you first create a Facebook ad campaign, you need to choose which objective you want. So for example, if you want to send as many people to your website as possible, you're probably going to choose traffic. If you want to generate leads and sales on your website, you should choose conversions.

If you want to generate app installs, you choose app installs. If you want to get your ad in front of as many people on Facebook as possible, then you want to go ahead and use reach. Now, depending on which one you choose, you're going to see very different CPMs, cost per thousand impressions, and potentially very different CPCs as well.

So if you want really low cost per click, you want to go with traffic. Because Facebook is going to put your ad in front of the clickiest people in your audience, the ones most likely to click and check your website out, if you choose the traffic objective. If you want to reduce your CPMs as much as possible, so how much you pay per thousand impressions, if you're running a more brand based campaign, a reach campaign, let's say you've launched a new event, or you've got something, you're a local business and you want to just get out to as many people in the local area as possible, then you want to go ahead and use reach.

Because that's what Facebook is going to do. They're going to put your ads in front of as many people as possible for the lowest cost. Now, most people when they're advertising on Facebook want to generate either leads or purchases.

Therefore, if they're doing that via their website, they really want to use the conversions objective. Because if you use the conversions objective, Facebook's going to put your ads in front of people that are most likely to convert for whatever it is that you're after, whether it's a purchase, lead, etc. Now, the people that are most likely to convert, let's say to purchase something via Facebook ad, they're not the cheapest people to advertise to within your target audience.

They're probably the more expensive. Certain people are far more likely to see a Facebook ad, click on it and make a purchase. And those people are more expensive to advertise to.

So when you select the conversions objective, you nearly always see significantly higher CPMs and significantly higher CPCs than you do with some of the other objectives. Having said that, if you do want leads or purchases, I'd still recommend you use the conversions objective because your cost per purchase or your cost per lead is likely to be lower than with these other objectives. So obviously, we all want to do what we can to reduce our Facebook advertising cost, but you need to make sure that you're tracking the right metric.

And for most businesses, that's going to be cost per lead or cost per purchase. And you want to bring that down more than you necessarily want to bring down your cost per click or your cost per thousand impressions. So in that case, choose conversions.

The reason why I've mentioned some of these other options is there are times when you do just want as many people to your website as possible. Let's say you're advertising an article or a blog post. Or as I said, you're a local business and you want to reach as many people in the local community as you possibly can to let them know about the restaurant you've just opened or something like that.

There are occasions when you use these other objectives. Okay, moving on. Now, your target audience.

So, Facebook advertising works, the cost of Facebook advertising works on a bidding system. If you advertise to certain groups of people, it's going to cost a lot more because those people are more in demand than if you advertise to other groups of people. A classic example of this is not available in a lot of countries anymore, but in the US, you can still target by income.

Now, if you were to target people, for example, that earn over half a million dollars a year, those people are going to be much more expensive to advertise to than people that, let's say, for example, are earning 40 to $50,000 a year. And that's because these people have more disposable income. A lot of advertisers want to advertise more expensive products or services.

These people, they're in a position where they're more able to buy it. So, more advertisers are going for that top end of the market. And you're going to pay more per thousand impressions.

And obviously, that's going to lead down the chain to more per click and probably more per conversion going after those sorts of people as opposed to others. Now, there are lots of other examples of that. There are particularly hot markets.

So, if you're going after a market that's demonstrated interest in insurance or financial services or anything along those lines, those people are going to be much more expensive to advertise to than if, for example, you're offering something, people that are interested in sandals or sunglasses or something that's lower end, not very expensive, very broad appeal. Those people are going to be less expensive to reach. So, again, when you're calculating your Facebook advertising costs and you're looking into ways to reduce how much Facebook advertising costs you, just make sure that you're aware that your costs might be a lot higher than the average because you're advertising to more expensive markets.

So, I see it, for example, in the online marketing, digital marketing space. People that are interested in that are more expensive to advertise to significantly than a lot of other industries. So, when I'm advertising my own business, it's going to cost me a lot more CPMs than the averages that you saw up there for the most part.

Okay. Obviously, the next thing we've touched on this slightly is going to be the industry you're in. But here's a really interesting chart just so you can see the cost per click in specific segments.

So, you're looking at a lot more, obviously, in the auto, consumer services, and a lot less in things like retail, in things like apparel. It makes a lot of sense. You've got, you know, a really nice looking top or a pair of trousers or dress, whatever it happens to be.

That's going to get cheaper in clicks. Home improvement, more expensive. And, of course, I missed it out there.

The most expensive they're going to be to be finance and insurance. So, that's not surprising at all. Again, look down here.

Travels and hospitality is very cheap. And you can see there's a huge difference. So, look at that $3.77 versus $0.63.

That's an enormous difference. Now, of course, one of the upsides, the way these are structured, is that finance and insurance are very lucrative markets. So, the clicks might cost a lot more, but the customers are going to be worth probably a lot more as well.

So, these things tend to balance themselves out. But just be aware of this when you're assessing your Facebook advertising cost. Okay.

The rest of this article goes on to talk about Facebook ad budget, how you're able to set a budget based on your client. Your cost, your acceptable cost of acquisition, all that sort of stuff. If you want to check that out, then check out this article.

I'm not going to go through it in this video. All I am going to just end by saying is that another thing that's going to affect your cost is your Facebook ad budget. So, smaller budgets on Facebook end up with lower costs, lower CPMs, lower CPCs, lower cost per conversions than higher budgets.

And that's simply because Facebook is very good at working out who within your target market is most likely to take your desired action. And if you're only spending, let's say, $500 a month, they're going to use that $500 to put your ads in front of the absolute best people. Now, if you up that to, let's say, $5,000 a month, Facebook now has to advertise to many more people within your target audience.

They've started with the absolute best and they sort of need to then go to, if the absolute best is 1A, they then need to go to 1B, 1C, 1D, 2, 2A, 2B, in terms of how good prospects are for your business. So, when you scale Facebook ad campaigns, that's why you nearly always see an increase in cost. When you're operating at lower budgets, that's far less pronounced than when you're operating at higher budgets.

So, let's say, in the example, if you've got a big target audience and you go from $500 a month to, let's say, $2,000 a month, you might not see a huge difference. You might not see hardly any difference, to be honest, in CPC, CPM, whatever cost metric it is you're tracking. But just be aware of that, that your Facebook ad budget is also affecting it.

If Facebook is costing you too much at a high budget level, let's say you're spending tens, maybe even hundreds of thousands of dollars a month, try reducing your budget, at least temporarily. See if the costs come down, that might be the answer to some of your issues. But again, it's a good thing to be aware of.

So, hopefully you found this video useful. Before you go, there's something else I want to quickly mention, which is my five-part Facebook ad template you can download right now for free. Now, this template includes some of the best performing ads we've created as a Facebook ads agency for a number of clients in a number of different industries.

We've broken each ad down into its component parts. We've explained what we've included and why. So, if you're looking to get better results from Facebook, you can model from those ads and model from the imagery.

Copy Headlines, I think you're going to find it really, really useful. As I said, you can download it for free. All you need to do is click on the link in the video description above, go through to our website and you will be able to download it there.

If you like this video, please, please, please give it a thumbs up. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising content. I'm releasing videos multiple times a week at the moment.

And if you've got any questions, leave a comment below. I answer all the questions, I will get to them. And yeah, thanks for watching.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.