Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you everything I've learned about building an email list with Facebook ads. I'm going to show you my entire process that I use to add thousands of email subscribers to my list every month and I'm going to go through each stage in a lot of detail. So you don't need to know anything about building an email list or Facebook advertising to go through this video, I'm going to go through and explain absolutely everything.

And if you do stick around to the end of this video and understand the elements in it, then you will become an expert at building incredibly valuable email lists with Facebook advertising. Okay so let's get started. Now this is going to be a really valuable video to anyone looking to generate business online.

So whether you're looking to generate leads or sales or increase your brand awareness, whatever your online marketing objective is, this video is going to be really useful because building an email list will make whatever your online marketing objective is a lot easier. And that's because once you've got people on your email list, once you've got a bunch of subscribers, you can market to those people, you can advertise your products and services to them for months, even years after they've subscribed and it's virtually free to do that. It won't cost you hardly anything at all.

All you've got to pay for is a monthly subscription to something like MailChimp or Aweber, an email service provider, and that's not going to cost a lot at all. That's going to be in the tens of dollars a month. Whereas if you wanted to advertise via Facebook or Google or YouTube to the same amount of people, to large audiences like you can have on an email list on a weekly or monthly basis, it's going to cost you thousands of dollars to do that.

It's going to be a lot, lot more expensive. So getting people on an email list, building an email list is a very cost effective way to promote your products or services in the future to people that you know are interested in what you have to offer. It's really important, it's a key component of building a sustainable business online that has long-term prospects and continue to profitably generate business.

And I would say that from our own email list, we generate at least 50% of all our business, whether that's selling our courses or generating new clients, a lot of it comes from our email list. So I'd really recommend that you build an email list. Now that's one part of this tutorial.

The other part obviously is using Facebook as a platform to build that email list. Now I think Facebook's one of the best advertising platforms ever created and it's perfectly well suited to building an email list because of course you can be super specific with who you target. You can make sure that you're advertising to the exact right people so that you end up with having the right people on your email list, the people that you know are going to be interested in your products and services, which is of course important.

Now I should warn you, this video is going to be very in-depth. It's going to be very in-depth. It's going to show you the exact process that we use to add thousands of people to our own email list every month.

We've used this with our clients as well. It's very effective. It works very well and it's quite simple.

I'm going to quickly go over the steps now and then I'm going to go through each stage in a lot more detail, show you exactly how to do it. So the first thing you need to consider whenever you're looking to build an email list or to get people to give over their contact information is you need to give them a reason for them to do that. So what we're going to do is we're going to create a lead magnet.

You may have heard another term for it called an ethical bribe. It's basically something of value that you give in exchange for someone's email address and that's what you can see here on the left hand side of your screen. This is my five-part Facebook ad template that I've created.

It's one of my best performing lead magnets and I give this to people in exchange for their email address. So this is basically like the ethical bribe that gets them to incentivise these people to join my email address, email list sorry. Now once you've got a lead magnet the next thing you're going to need is a landing page and what you can see here on the right is a landing page.

Now this is the place where you can offer your lead magnet in exchange for someone's email address. They need a physical place to come and do this and the design and the layout and what's included on the landing page, all that's very important. We're going to go through that in a lot of detail.

Now once you've got those two elements created once they're ready you then need obviously a Facebook advertising campaign. That's going to advertise your lead magnet, send people to your landing page, that's where they can opt in and get it and that's how the process works. So it's basically three simple steps.

We're going to go through each in detail in that order. We're going to start with the lead magnet, we're going to then go to the landing page and then of course we're going to go to the very important Facebook ad campaign at the end. So let's get started now with lead magnets.

Let's go through some of the details. Okay so let me quickly explain a little bit about this lead magnet. So let me just make it a little bit bigger on the screen so we can have a have a proper look.

So it's called the five-part Facebook ad template and what it's designed to do is it's designed to help people create better Facebook ads or improve their existing Facebook ads. Now whenever you create a lead magnet you want to create something that delivers value to your target market. If you can deliver a lot of value with your lead magnet then you'll help change the relationship between your company and your prospects so that they're more willing to buy your products and services.

But you also want to create something that you know they're going to be interested in. Now we know that the vast majority of our target market either is already advertising on Facebook or is at least thinking about advertising on Facebook. So creating something like this, a lead magnet like this, that helps them create Facebook ads or improve their Facebook ads, is going to be really sort of appealing to our target market.

So we know that we're going to get people giving us their email address. But it also means that the people that end up on our email list are going to be part of our target market because no one's going to go ahead and download this if they have no interest in advertising on Facebook. So you're also sort of segmenting for the hyper-responsive people in your target market which is really important.

Now I'm not going to go through this thing in its entirety. What I'm going to do instead is include a link in the video description where you can go in and opt in. You can go onto this page, you can give us your email address and join our email list just so you can see how the process works.

Then of course you can go in, you can take a look at this lead magnet and you can model from it. Something I would definitely recommend. But I will explain sort of how it works.

So basically we've got a little bit of information about us, a bit of an intro. And then what we do is we've got three sections in here for different types of businesses. So the first section is local slash service, then we've got product slash e-commerce businesses and then the third section is digital slash information businesses.

So three sort of categorizations of businesses. And what we've done is we've taken an ad that we've created that's performed very well in each one of those and we've sort of broken it down into its five component parts. So you've got the text, you've got headline image etc etc.

And then and we've explained what we've included in each part and why. And that's really valuable for for our target audience because they can go in and they can go okay they use this sort of image for this reason how can I you know use that sort of image or they've used this headline etc etc. So what you want to do guys you want to come in you want to click on the link in the video description that'll take you to this page, opt in for this lead magnet, download it, have a good look, model from it when you're creating your own.

And now I want to quickly go through some of the best practices when it comes to creating your lead magnets and I'll also quickly give you some ideas because I think a lot of people can get stuck on this they can be what could I create as a lead magnet for my own business. So we'll go through some ideas right now. Okay so I've just brought up a PowerPoint presentation that's got a few quick slides that should really help you create your lead magnets.

I know this is an area that a lot of people do get stuck on. So I mentioned previously that when you're creating a lead magnet it's really important obviously that it's really valuable to your target market otherwise you know they're not going to to opt in for it. Now what I found is that the best lead magnets help your target market achieve something they want to achieve but it helps them achieve it faster.

So if you take the example of the Facebook ad template our target market are either advertising on Facebook or thinking about advertising on Facebook and what it does is it helps them create Facebook ads that are highly effective faster than if they were trying to do it themselves. If they were trying to do it through trial and error or research various options online it would take them longer than if they just downloaded the template. So it really ticks that box and it's one of the reasons why it's done well.

Another thing you need to keep in mind when creating your lead magnet is that it needs to be very closely related to your products and services because you know you're not going to be able to follow up with your new email subscribers and say would you like to buy this if it's not related that just won't make sense. And if your lead magnet like the Facebook ad template is closely related then what it means is that the people that end up on your email list that subscribe for that are going to be perfect prospects for your business. So the only people that are going to opt in for a Facebook ad template are people that are advertising on Facebook or thinking about advertising on Facebook and they are our target market.

So it sounds like a very obvious point and it kind of is but just make sure it's closely related otherwise you're going to have a real job selling your stuff in the next stage. A good tip when it comes to creating your lead magnet is to take a small part of what you already offer and turn that into a lead magnet. This is something that I sort of an exercise that I use whenever I'm struggling to come up with an idea for a lead magnet is you can assess your entire service or this more applies to service businesses but you can do it with products as well and think is there something within our whole service that we do that we could turn into a guide or report and offer as a lead magnet.

So taking the Facebook ad template as an example we create Facebook advertising campaigns for our clients. Now as part of that overall service we will create the ads for our clients. The Facebook ad template is what we've done is we've taken that service turned it into a guide and offered that as a lead magnet.

So that's how we came one of the ways that we came at this this uh this example that I've been using and it's worked really well. So if you are stuck that's a good tactic. Okay so let's have a look through some some lead magnet examples.

So these are sort of different types of lead magnet that you can use. The most common is obviously a report or a guide and again lead magnets are all about showing your target market how they can do something and how they can do something faster. A report or guide is a great way to do that.

Templates we've already covered with my five part Facebook ad template. Resource list this can be a good option and often you will have information as a business in an industry that your prospects your target market would really like. Maybe it's a list of tools that they could use to get the most out of you know whatever it is that they do in your industry.

Maybe it's a list of of locations that they could go to or different activities that they could do. Often you'll have this information that might not be that easy to find online. I'm going to give some examples in a minute.

Another option is video training. If you can get in front of the camera show your target market how to do something that they want to know how to do could be a great lead magnet. Automated webinar.

This option's used a lot. I'm not the biggest fan of it. I think that asking someone to register for a webinar is a bit too much of a commitment.

I like lead magnets to be pretty easy for people to opt in for. Remember you haven't really built that much of a relationship with your prospects at this stage. So I like things like templates and guides and resource lists because it's just really quick and easy.

Yep give my email address get that thing read it in five minutes. Fab move on. I think that most the time if you're asking them to do something like watch a 90 minute webinar you're going to have a lower conversion rate and you're going to get less people on your email list as a result.

Quizzera survey. This is a great option. If customers within your target market are undecided on which of a number of options they should take and that can be a great way to to get people on your email list and also give them an answer that then leads on to them buying your products and services.

I'm going to explain that more in in a second. Free trial. This is often used with software companies that offer a free trial to build their email list and obviously they can then look to upsell those people on you know their actual software to keep using that service.

And then pricing slash sales material. So this applies more to trade only or wholesale businesses but sometimes what your customers really want is to know how much your stuff costs. And if you can require an opt-in in order for them to get that information you can build an email list whilst giving your customers exactly what they want.

So it's a great option for sort of wholesale businesses trade-only businesses stuff like that. Okay so those are some examples of different types. Let's now go through some specific ideas I've created.

Now what I've tried to do is I've tried to use lots of different types of lead magnets in lots of different types of businesses and hopefully you can find something here that's that you can you know change a little bit to suit your individual business should be really useful. So we've got an example example here of a violin teacher and we've got a guide how to tune your violin in x minutes. Now I've written x minutes because I've absolutely no idea how long it takes to tune a violin even if you do tune a violin.

I mean I assume you do. But let's say for example that it takes on average 10 minutes to tune a violin and you've got a guide that can show people how to do it in two or three minutes. That would be a great lead magnet for a violin teacher because you tick all the boxes.

It's really valuable. It helps your target market achieve something they want to achieve quickly and the only people that will opt in for this lead magnet are people that play the violin. So it leads on really naturally for the violin teacher to then sell their services to those people.

Next example we've got is a hiking boot retailer. This is a great example of a quiz. So let's say for example you create a little quiz as a hike.

Let's say you sell hiking boots you create a little quiz where people can answer a series of questions and at the end they're given an answer of which type of hiking boot is most suitable for them. So let's say they answer questions things like what are you going to use it for. People might say you know walk the dog every day in the woods.

Other people might say some serious mountaineering. Well they're going to need different type of hiking boot. So if your free quiz can answer those questions that your target market have you build an email list but you also really prime them to buy your product at the end of it because you can say oh given the information that you've given us we would recommend this type of hiking boot.

Oh by the way here's 20% off go ahead and buy. That would be a fantastic lead magnet and sort of mini sales funnel for that business. Okay accountancy practice is an example of a report.

Five new accounting requirements for small business owners in 2018. A lot of value in that and you can see how it leads on nicely to this business selling their services. Health and fitness brand.

Here's a sample of a video training. Three minute desk workout to minimize back pain. If someone's got back pain they're going to be very interested in in this sort of lead magnet.

They'll be willing to give their email address in exchange for this video and then of course you're building your email list. Cycling retailer. The top 10 cycling challenges to do in X.

X could just be a location. This is an example of a resource list. So you know again this cycling retailer might have information about the 10 top cycling challenges to do in the UK.

Their target market is going to want that information. They'll be willing to give their email address in exchange for it and you're only going to get people that you can then really sell your products to with a lead magnet like that. Okay graphic designer.

Seven logo design templates for tech startups. Now what I really like about this lead magnet is that it's calling out to the target market. So if this graphic designer really wants to work with tech startups then this is a fantastic lead magnet because that's who it's going to speak to and that's who's going to end up on your email list as people that you know that are involved in tech startups plus there's value there.

Next option is a little bit rogue. The reason why I'm including this because I do a martial art called Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and I know that this is one of the issues that a lead magnet would solve. So here I've got the example of a kind of like a resource list.

The ultimate list of BJJ competitions in X. X could be the UK. Now I know as someone who does this martial art it's really difficult to find out information about you know various competitions and tournaments in your local area.

It's not like one great online resource you have to often ask people at your local club and kind of find information oh there's one happening then etc etc. So this is a lead magnet that as a customer myself I would 100% download this and of course then if it's a martial arts gym they could you know offer me you know membership and come along to the classes they could sell physical products to do with this martial art like geese and belts and stuff like that. So a great little lead magnet there and then we've got an example of a wedding photographer.

So we've got how to prepare your wedding venue for beautiful photos. A lot of value in that lead magnet. The target market would be really interested and it leads really nicely on to selling their services.

Obviously you know the photographer can then say oh by the way we can help you with that if you go ahead and hire us for your wedding. So a bunch of examples there, lots of different types of businesses, different varieties. Hopefully you can use that and model from that and really help you create your own lead magnet.

I've had to lead magnets I didn't want to spend too long on that but it's really important you get that right. Next let's now move on to landing pages. Okay so let's take a look at this landing page.

Now this landing page has performed incredibly well. It's converted over 60% of people so more than 60% of people that have landed on this page have gone and given their email address and opted in for this lead magnet which is very very good. Now what I would recommend as sort of a benchmark to aim for with your landing page is that you want to be above 40% 40% or more.

If you're above 40% your landing page is doing really well you're doing really well. If it's less than that then you probably want to make some adjustments. Now of course the lead magnet you create that we've just been over will affect the conversion rate on your landing page.

If your lead magnet's not very good it won't convert very well but if you're confident your lead magnet is solid then then make some adjustments to your landing page. I'm going to go through this in a lot of detail and explain the component parts and why it has done so well. So obviously the landing page is an important component but it doesn't have to take very long to create.

As you can see from this page it's very very simple. I'll go through all the elements and this is of course the page that people are going to be sent to from the Facebook campaign where they can opt in for the lead magnet. So let's get into it.

So the first thing to note is that you want to reduce distractions as much as possible on your landing page. So you can see up here we've got no header navigation. So there's no links to an about page, no links to a contact page, services, anything like that.

And that's on purpose. Basically if you have links up here to other pages people will click on them and they won't come back to this page and opt in for your lead magnet. You want to simplify this page, reduce distractions because you want people to take one very specific action and that's opt in for the lead magnet and give over their email address.

So no header navigation. Now I'm going to scroll down to the footer. In an ideal world I would get rid of all the footer navigation as well.

I wouldn't have home, contact, login, terms and conditions, privacy policy, etc. Well actually I would probably keep terms and conditions of privacy policy on there because we are asking for contact information, at least privacy policy. That's a good idea.

But I'd get rid of these other links. The reason why I've included in there is because I don't want to run into any issues with Facebook advertising policies. So as I mentioned, this is the page where people are going to be sent to from our Facebook ad campaign.

So on your landing pages you do need to make sure that you are compliant with Facebook's advertiser policy. So you do need some sort of navigation. They don't want people to be sent to like a dead-end page where they can only opt in.

That's the only thing they can do. Facebook won't like that. You can get your account suspended or even banned.

Something you really really want to avoid. So just make sure that you have some footer navigation. That's why we've got these links down here.

But that's it. All they can do is either click on these links, which are on the footer so they're unlikely to, or opt in for the lead magnet, which is what we want them to do. So let's go through the elements.

So we've got free download at the top here. There's sort of like a rule almost in digital marketing that says if something's free, you can't tell people it's free too much. You know, everyone loves something for free and you want to 100% make sure that they know that it's free.

So when they land on this page, I don't want anyone thinking that they need to opt in and then they're going to be asked for money for this template. Nope, it's 100% free. State it up there.

Then we've just got the title of the lead magnet. That's fairly self-explanatory. We've got it in big red letters, grab people's attention when they land on the page.

And then after that, we're really getting into the benefits of the lead magnet. Now I need to quickly mention sort of the psychology behind getting someone an email list this way. People do not want to give you their email address.

You know, I think the average person, the average adult now receives 143 emails a day. That's a huge amount of emails. So people don't want to give over their email address.

They're worried about being spanned. We've all had that experience where we give over our email address and then we're just bombarded with emails. So, you know, I know you're not going to do that, but they're worried that that's going to happen.

So that's why we've got the lead magnet in the first place. We're incentivizing people to give over their email address. And part of that incentivization process is to really sell this lead magnet, really list the benefits that are included.

So let's just go through some of these quickly. So we've got copy and paste these proven Facebook ads to properly generate low cost leads and sales from Facebook. You know, copy and paste these proven Facebook ads.

Great. The ads are proven. I can copy and paste them.

That's going to save me time. You know, what am I going to get from this template? You're going to profitably generate low cost leads and sales from Facebook.

That's what everyone advertising on Facebook wants. So it's really speaking to why they want to get this thing. Then we've got this template includes.

Now I'm not going to read through all of these in detail. As I said, the link to this landing page is going to be included in the video description. So click on that, come through this landing page, make sure you use it to model, make sure you model from this when you create your own landing page.

But what you'll see in this text here is it's all super, super benefit rich. So you know, you're going to get our value first strategy that uses Facebook's social nature to consistently generate low cost leads and sales. And you know, we're going to talk about things here, like at the bottom, the call out method that lets your ideal customers know that your ads are for them and stops them scrolling past your ad in their newsfeed.

That's exactly what people want. I don't want my ideal customers to ignore my ads on Facebook. I want them to notice the ads.

That's what this template is going to help you do. So make sure you come here and you read through these examples and obviously you're going to have to customise them to your own business. But this sort of thing, these sort of four, five, maybe six bullet points here to really sell the lead magnet is really, really valuable.

Then we come back up to the top. So we've got an image on this page. We've done a lot of testing on landing pages for lead magnets and we found that including an image really helps.

I think it, I think the psychology behind that is that if people feel like they're getting an actual thing, I mean, obviously they're going to get it in a digital format, but if people feel like they're getting an actual thing, they're more likely to give their email address. If it's, if it's not that it's tangible, but it's a bit more tangible if there's an image. I hope that kind of makes sense.

So kind of explain that. Okay. Then beneath that, obviously we've got the, uh, the opt-in box there.

And now I need to talk about the, uh, the, the opt-in button quickly because that's quite important. So don't just have submit. We've used get instant access.

That's a great option because that is what they're going to get with the, uh, the five part Facebook ad template. Um, but you could have something like that, like download now, get, get my, get my template now, something like along those lines, depending on what it is that you're offering. And, uh, and the other thing about this button is that we've made it very big.

Um, you want people who land on your, who arrive at your landing page, you want their attention to be drawn to, um, the opt-in button, the button that they need to press. You want their eyes to be naturally drawn to it. So we've made it quite big.

We've also made it bright orange. You can't miss it. It doesn't go with the rest of the design on the page.

The rest is sort of black and red and, and blue. And there's this great big orange button. It's all about drawing our prospects attention.

So, um, so when you're creating that button, you know, you're, if you've got anyone to design this page, they might not like that very much because it doesn't look that nice. It doesn't fit with the color scheme. Um, but I would recommend you do that at the end of the day, that's what you want people to do.

And then beneath that, we've just included some, some privacy policy information. Um, you know, if you're generating opt-ins in the EU, there's new GDPR, um, legislation that you need to abide by. So make sure you've got all that detail, including your privacy policy when you are building your email list.

Otherwise you could run into, uh, into some trouble and people want access to that. You'd be surprised how many people do actually, I can go in on the data and see how people do actually click on the privacy policy link. That kind of makes sense.

You know, they're giving away their personal information. They want to know what we're going to do with it, but they want to know that we're not going to, you know, sell it to anyone. We're not going to give it to, to third parties.

We're going to keep it ourselves and only use it in a responsible manner. Okay. So that's the design of the page.

You'll see it's very, very simple. Doesn't take very long to create. What, um, the other thing I mentioned is the tools used to create this landing page.

So we use, we've got a WordPress website. I can imagine a lot of you guys, um, watching this have WordPress websites and we've used the OptimizePress, um, plugin to create this landing page. OptimizePress is a brilliant, uh, piece of software.

It's a simple plugin and you can create fantastic looking landing pages and you don't need to know how to code anything. So I don't know how to code anything. I haven't coded any of this page.

It's a drag and drop system and you can move things around and, and custom look and feel and the location of things on the page. And it just looks like a really neat, simple, clean, crisp landing page. Definitely recommend you use OptimizePress.

It's not very expensive. I'll include a link to that in the, uh, in the video description. So you can go ahead and grab OptimizePress.

If you do use a WordPress website, that's what I'd recommend. Okay. I don't want to spend too long on this.

That's the landing page. Pretty straightforward. Let's now move on to the part that everyone gets excited about, which is the Facebook campaign itself.

Okay. So here we are now inside our Facebook ad account. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to show you the, how to, exactly how to create the Facebook campaign that's going to send people to your landing page, um, where they can opt in for your lead magnet and join your email list.

Now, obviously we've already got campaigns running that are advertising our five part Facebook ad template. But what I'm going to do now is I'm going to create a duplicate version of that campaign and go through each stage and, and settings so you can see exactly how you should create this so that when you go to create your own Facebook campaign, you know exactly how to do it. Um, don't worry about all this information down here.

I'm going to come back in at the end of this section after I've created the campaign and talk to you a little bit about, um, the results we've been able to get, how well it's worked, the benchmarks you should be looking for in terms of cost per lead, cost per subscriber, things like that. But, um, for now let's create the campaign. So what you want to do is you want to start by coming into ads manager, which if I'm already in, but if you're not click on these three little lines and then select ads manager from the drop down menu, then you want to go ahead and select, um, create here.

And now what we're going to do is we're going to create our campaign. So I'm just going to give it, um, first thing you need to do is obviously give it a name. So I'm just going to call it example campaign and type, leave that as auction campaign objective.

Now this part is really, really important. So Facebook has obviously defaulted this to traffic. Um, we're not going to use traffic.

We're going to use conversions and I'll explain a little bit about Facebook campaign objectives because they're, they're so important. So when you select a Facebook campaign objective, what you're doing is you're basically telling Facebook what you want. Now, if you select video views, you're saying to Facebook, I want as many video views as possible.

If you select traffic, you're saying, I want as many link clicks. If you want page likes, I want as many page likes as possible, et cetera, et cetera. Now, what Facebook will do is within your budget, your daily budget and within your target market that you've assigned of the people that you want to advertise to your audience, they will put your ad in front of people that they think are most likely to take your desired action.

So again, if you select video views, they're going to put your ad in front of people within your target audience that they think are most likely to watch your video. And because Facebook's got so much data on its users and so much data regarding its advertising platform, the effect that this can have is massive. So, you know, we often go in into campaigns that are running the traffic objective when they should be using the conversions objective because if you're after leads, like we are in this case, we're looking to build an email list or sales, you should be using the conversions objective and we can half the cost per lead or the cost per sale just by changing the campaign objective.

So it's really important that you get this right and you understand that getting the right one here is critical. So go ahead and select conversions. Now, in order to use the conversions objective, which is the one you want to use, you will need to have the Facebook pixel installed on your website.

If you're doing any form of advertising on Facebook, then you should have the Facebook pixel installed anyway. It allows you to track what people are doing in the website. It also allows you to retarget the people that visit your website, which is a critical part of Facebook advertising and of building your email list.

I'm going to explain that at the end of the video. So make sure you stick around for that. But you need the Facebook pixel installed on your website.

Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to include a link in the video description that will show you a video that I've created that shows you exactly how to install the Facebook pixel on a WordPress website. That's a website that we've got that we use, that we work with most often. So if you do have a WordPress website, check out that video.

If you don't have a WordPress website, then just Google whatever platform you're using and how to install the Facebook pixel. Some support documentation will come up and you should be able to install it. Once you've got the base code Facebook pixel installed on your entire website, you also need to install some event code.

Okay, so event, there are various different event options. So here, Facebook's defaulted to purchases, but you've got leads, registrations, custom conversions, etc. We're going to select leads because that's what we want.

We want people to join our email manager or email list and register as a lead. Now, once you've got the Facebook pixel installed on your website, I mentioned that you need to install some event code. So in this case, you need to install the lead event code and you will need to install it on the page on your website that people are taken to after they opt in for your lead magnet.

Okay, so I'm going to show you an example of that. So let's say, for example, that we've got the... Oh, this is the page.

I've already prepared it. So remember the landing page I just showed you. That's where people are taken to.

They opt in for the lead magnet. Once they opt in for our lead magnet, they're then taken to this page here. So this page has now got a little sort of information section up here that says, important, your five-part Facebook ad template is on its way.

And what we're doing is we're actually turning this into a bit of a sales page as well, something I'd recommend you do. If you want me to talk about this strategy, which is awesome in more detail, let me know by leaving a comment below and I'll create another video for that. But it says here, while you wait, read the page below to learn how to create a Facebook sales funnel, etc, etc.

Now this page has got lead information on it. So it's got the lead event code on it so that anyone that reaches this page, a lead is registered inside our Facebook ad account. Facebook can use that data to optimise our campaign.

That's really, really key. It's not very complicated to do. Again, check out that video or give it a Google and you'll learn how to install this event code.

What I'm going to do is just scroll this down slightly, just because the video of me here is in the way, and just show you how to check whether the Facebook pixel is installed on your website properly. Now there's a little Google Chrome extension called the Facebook pixel helper that I very much recommend that you use. And that's that will give you this little icon here.

Now if I click on this, what you'll see is you've got one pixel found, green little arrows, that shows that the Facebook pixel is installed. Now, once you've got the Facebook pixel installed, every page will have this page view and this micro data information on it. The reason why this one is different is because it's got this lead information on it.

And that's basically showing that the event code of lead is on this page. Anyone who lands on this page, a lead is registered. So if you went to other pages on a website, you might see purchase, view content, some of the other options, don't worry about all that.

But just make sure you get this installed and make sure that the thank you page that people are taken to after they opt in for your lead magnet has the lead event code. Right, I've tried my best to explain that hopefully it's not too complicated, very important that you do do this and that you do get it right. So let's pop that back up here and come back into our Facebook ad account.

And then leads is what we want to select. So I'm just going to, I'm going to do skip ad set and skip ad for now. I'm just going to go save to draft.

And that's the campaign setup. Pretty straightforward once obviously you've dealt with all the Facebook pixel side of things. And that's just popped it up here just confirming.

Yeah, you can set a campaign spending limit if you want to. I don't normally bother because I'm going to go into my campaign and check things and adjust things on a regular basis. I don't need to, but you can do if you don't want to spend too much by accident.

So minimize that and then click on example campaign. And now we're going to go ahead and we're going to create an ad set. So just go with example campaign there, user-distant campaign and then create new ad set.

So I'm just going to call this example ad set. What I'd normally do by the way for an ad set name is I would normally give it the name of whatever the targeting options I'm using. So if I'm advertising to males aged 45 and up in the south east of England, then that's what I would have as the name just so I can go in and see quite easily afterwards the process.

So let's just save that to draft. Now the ad set level when you're creating a campaign is all about the targeting options. So the ad set is all about who you are advertising to.

So it's just loading up, taking a little extra second to load up here. So what we've got here is we've actually gone wrong. So we've got website and that's optimizing for ad to cart.

That's not what we want at all. So I'm going to get rid of that and I'm going to put in lead because that's the conversion event that we want to optimize for. There we go.

Lead is what I want. And you can see here that it says, you know, we'll optimize delivery of your ads to get the most of these conversions at the lowest cost. It's exactly what we want.

We want as many email subscribers as possible and we want to pay as little as possible for each one. So then if we scroll down budget, obviously we're based in the UK so it's in pounds, but I'll speak in dollars because most people watching this will operate in dollars more frequently. So budget when setting your budget, when you're creating a lead magnet campaign, so a campaign designed to build your email list, you don't actually need to spend a lot of money at all to know whether or not your campaign is performing very well.

I'm going to talk about what you should be paying cost per lead at the end, but you know, if you've run a campaign and you're spending $5 per lead, that's too expensive. So after sort of 20, $30 spent, you're probably going to find out whether or not your campaign is working or not, whether or not you need to make some adjustments. Now, having said that, when you do create a Facebook campaign with the conversion objective, remember Facebook is optimizing this campaign for leads, which will take some time.

So once you've generated more leads in this campaign, Facebook will have more data with which to optimize the campaign. Okay, so I would recommend for a lead magnet campaign spending 20 to 30 dollars to get an idea with the knowledge that things can improve over time. Okay, so I'm just going to leave that in there for now because this is not going to be a real campaign.

Start date, whenever. End date. So I don't schedule an end date because I'm going to be going back into the campaigns and checking them on a regular basis.

They're not working on a pause that manually, but you can schedule an end date if you want. Okay, let's get into the audiences section. So the first thing we've got here is the custom audiences area.

Now, as I said, at the end of this video, I'm going to talk about retargeting and custom audiences and lookalike audiences and how they're such fantastic audiences to advertise to when you're looking to build an email list. Now, I'm just going to just going to skip this for the minute and moving on to the demographics. So locations.

Now, I would just leave that as everyone in your location. In terms of locations to advertise to, now we've mentioned when we're talking about the lead magnet that you need it to appeal to people that could become your customers. Well again, you want to only advertise to people that could become your customers.

So if you operate as a business on a local basis, then just put in your area of operation in here as your targeted location. Because, you know, there's no point if you only operate in, you know, one city, there's no point advertising to an entire country and going, yeah, but they will opt in for my lead magnet. Well, it doesn't matter.

It doesn't matter having people on your email list that can't become your customers. Now, for a business like ours, we can work with anyone in an English speaking country. That's our only basic requirement.

We've got clients in Australia, the UK, Canada, America, or all sorts of English speaking countries. So we could advertise to all those countries if you wanted to. What I usually recommend is if you are in that position, sticking to one country to start with.

What you want to do with your targeting at the beginning when you're looking to build an email list is go after your hyper responsive people. Go after the people that you know are highly likely to be interested in the products and services that you offer. So let's say for example that your target market is, you know, your customers are 25 to 65 is the age range, a really broad age range of people.

You probably want to start with the group within that that represent the majority of customers. So let's say your customer base is 25 to 65 in terms of age, but most of your customers are sort of 35 to 45. Okay, well go ahead and start advertising to people that are 35 to 45.

So in our case, I'm going to leave that as the UK for this Facebook ad template. I'm going to set this to 21 and set this to, where is it? 45.

I can just scroll up. Still pretty broad targeting. At the end of the day, this Facebook ad template is applicable to all small business owners who can have a wide range of ages, but that's what I would usually start with.

Gender, I'm going to go with all, we have almost 50-50 split men and women. Again, the same applies. If you find that 60% of your customers are men, start with men, vice versa with women.

Language isn't going to leave that empty. I'm only advertising to the UK. If you advertise in multiple countries, and you want to specify a language, then you can go ahead and add that in here.

Okay, now we get into the detailed targeting. So before we get into this, what we're going to do now is we're going to jump into the audience's insights tool that Facebook provide, because that's where we can find some really fantastic detailed targeting options. And this is really where the magic happens when it comes to Facebook advertising, is in the detailed targeting stuff.

So it's really important that we go through this and get this right. Okay, so here we are now inside of audience insights. The way you get here, by the way guys, just again, click on these sort of little three lines at the top, same way we got into ads manager, but just come into audience insights.

You just didn't want to do it live because for this to load up. Now audience insights is a fantastic tool for finding targeting options and people that you want to advertise to on Facebook, new audiences to test. Now, whenever I'm creating a new campaign, advertising a new lead magnet, I would recommend that you select three, four different targeting options and test each one.

Because what you might find is that one delivers a really good cost per email subscriber, and the other three don't. And then of course, you can keep advertising to that one. So it's hard to tell early on which ones are going to perform really well.

So I always recommend tests. Testing is so important with any Facebook advertising, but this is a fantastic tool. And I'm going to show you exactly how to use it.

So it'll default to the US no matter where you're based. I'm going to leave this as the US for now. Normally, you would obviously change this location to whatever location is you're operating in, because that's most relevant.

Age and gender, we just set those. So let's go ahead and do 21 to 45, because those are the people we're going to be targeting, as you saw in the next section. Gender, we're going to leave all open.

Now, interests is where it gets quite interesting, I suppose. This is probably the most valuable section here. So what you want to do is you want to add in your interest to do with whatever it is that you're offering.

So in this example, we're offering the five-part Facebook ad template. Now, obviously, we know a lot about the people that are likely to be interested in that template, we've got a lot of data. But if we didn't, which is obviously the position that a lot of you guys watching this may be in, then you would want to come in here and run this experiment.

Now, I know that one of the things, you've got to think of some things that are related to your industry, your products and industry. So they don't have Facebook advertising as an option, but they do have Facebook for business as an option. So, you know, if you think about the people that we want to advertise that ad template to, it's people that are interested in Facebook for business.

The business elements of Facebook is obviously a highly, highly effective, you know, a very related topic. So you could add in Facebook for business in there. And you can start to see some great information.

So you can see some age and gender information is basically the same as people that are on Facebook, you can find out some interesting things that, you know, okay, people that are interested in Facebook for business or into building their career, etc, etc. Some not surprising information, married, quite interesting, they're more likely to be college educated, that makes sense. And then there's a bunch of other information, there's tons of great information in here.

But I don't want you to guys to get overwhelmed and sort of drown in information. So I'm going to be quite specific where possible. What I'm going to do is, is go into page likes, because I think that is the most basically, it is really where you can find the targeting options that you should start advertising to some of the most interesting.

So obviously, you've got some great information in the categories. So we could, for example, look to advertise to the points guy, Gary Vaynerchuk is obviously a fantastic example, he's probably the most well known name when it comes to Facebook advertising and social media marketing out there at the moment. But here's what I want to come down to is page likes, I want to come down to affinity.

So affinity, let me make sure you can see that affinity is how likely your audience is to like a given page compared to everyone else on Facebook. So obviously, people that are interested in Facebook for business, the business elements of Facebook are 567 times more likely to like the Facebook business page than regular Facebook users. Sounds pretty obvious, but you've got some also some really other great options that you could potentially advertise to Uber, that's probably not so related.

And you will find some very, you will find some obvious aren't as related that you have to kind of ignore the points guys, I haven't heard of that. But you can see here that okay, that's in the category blogger, that's somewhat related to Facebook advertising, that could be an option to test small business Saturday, definitely sounds like we could use that as a targeting option people that like that page, American Express, Spotify, H&M, not so. So those ones you're gonna have to ignore, you have to work this out yourself.

Gary Vaynerchuk, again in here, that could be a great one. So what I could then do is I could create and in my campaign, I could have a couple of different ad sets, one that targets Gary Vaynerchuk, one that targets the points guys, one that targets people that like Facebook business, and see which ones performs the best. This is where you come in and get your information.

So let's go, let's give you another example. So let's go in and let's say hiking boot, because we used hiking boot as an example, when we were creating the lead magnets. So what you come in here, you can scroll down, you can see affinity, you can see the people that interest in hiking boots are 276 times more likely to like Dana, I haven't heard of Dana personally, obviously, you know, Timberland, Outdoor Project, Patagonia, these are going to be some great options of people to advertise to, advertise your lead magnet to.

If you've got that quiz on which hiking boot is right for you, and you advertise to people that like Timberland and Patagonia, those are the sorts of people that are going to opt in for your lead magnet, take that quiz, get them on your email address, on your email list, and those are the people that you're going to be able to sell your product and services. Fantastic options in here. Okay, so let's just go back to Facebook business, because there's something else I want to show you in here quickly.

So where are we? Facebook business is in there. Interest is normally the starting point, you can find these great targeting options here.

But what you could also do is you can click advance and there are tons of options of things you can search in here. You know, if you're looking to improve your lead quality, and you want wealthy people on your email list, then you can come in and select financial and here you go, you've got all the sort of options of net worth and their income, or we only want to work with really wealthy people that have a net worth of over $2 million, that sort of stuff. If you have anything to do with your business anything to do with homeownership, you know, homeowners, renters, the value of the property, anything to do with property, there are tons of options in here, guys, that you can go through, I'm not going to go through each one.

Are you advertising products that, you know, for little children, or then you want to go for parents, things like that, make sure you come through and check these all out. One of the ones that I really like that's applicable to the Facebook ad template is behaviours. So I know that there's a behaviour called small business owners, and that is exactly the sort of thing that we want to target here.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to get rid of this interest because it will select both of them, it will include both criteria in these results. So I'm going to go ahead and get rid of that for a second. So obviously, when we're advertising Facebook ad template, of course, you know, large business owners download it.

But one of the things, one of the the most common sort of person, as it were, that's going to download this template is a small business owner. So here, what's really interesting is we can see some of the same options, small business Saturday, Facebook business, not exactly sure what what Dos Equus is, but okay, I could go in and check that out. Gary Vaynerchuk has popped up again.

But there are some other options here, you know, you've got Etsy, which I'm pretty sure is an online tool. So there are things that, you know, you'll see if you go down Dollar Shave Club, that's interesting, probably not that related. But, but you can see that I'd have to check out some of these individual names.

But you can see there are some commonalities here between behaviours and the interests and where those overlap, those are people who want to use. So small business Saturday is probably something you want to target, Facebook business, Gary Vaynerchuk. And then of course, you can add in the interest as well.

So if I now have a look at the data with that pop back in, then you can get you can get where both groups overlap. And we can see here, so we've got some people that you might want to target. Moo.com, not sure Hootsuite.

So that's I know that's an online tool square. So is that digital marketer they're all about. And that's a business that gives a lot of information about digital marketing online.

GoDaddy is a hosting company. These are some really good options. So for here, I might use digital marketer, I might try using Hootsuite.

That makes a lot of sense. That's like, for those who don't, I'm pretty sure that's like a social media post scheduling software that people can use. So come in here, guys, really mind this as a tool, have a play around, you know, we've already got our location and things like that established.

But if you're not sure and what locations, you can come in here and you can go and you can have a look at a location. So for example, this is remember, this is within the US. And so we can see that in comparison to usual people in St.

Petersburg, Florida, I mean, you know, this has gone down to the city level, you could do countries, languages, people in Boise, Idaho are more likely to like Facebook for business, and more likely to be a small business owner 100% more likely than regular Facebook users, and a whole bunch of other ones, Austin, Texas, you know, some of these aren't overly surprising, are they Nashville, Austin, Texas, Boise, Idaho, those ones that spring to mind. So come in here, guys, make sure that you you select these options, we're gonna do now is go back into ads manager and include some of these options in here. So what was some of the ones we had, so we had Gary Vaynerchuk, he kept popping up, so we could look to use that.

So we've got Gary Vaynerchuk in here. Now that's reduced our audience size to 2 million. I think to start with 2 million is too large, I'd like to get it around the half a million mark.

So let's see what we can do. There are a bunch of different options, so we've got Gary Vaynerchuk, we could exclude people, or we could narrow the audience. So let's say we want them to be interested in Gary Vaynerchuk, but we also want them to be small business owners.

So here's an interesting point, by the way, guys, you can see here that there's two options, there's small business owners behaviours, and there's small business owners interests. And now with certain options, you'll have things like, there could be, let's say it's a company, you could have employer, here we go, look, here we go, it's small business owners, employers, perfect examples, there's three options. Small business owners, employers, you want to make sure you select the right one.

So we want to select behaviours, we want to advertise to people that are small business owners. Okay, we don't want to advertise people that are interested in small business owners, or people that are employed by small business owners, we want to go with behaviours. So let's see what that brings our audience size down to.

Okay, that's brought us all the way down to 86. That's too small. So maybe Gary Vaynerchuk's not the right one to go with.

Maybe we want to add in Facebook for business as an interest. What does that bring our audience size to? 35,000, also too small.

Okay, good to know. Let's go for, I think I saw it pop up there, Facebook page admins. 470,000 people, that would be a great target market to start with.

This is, we're going to be advertising our five part Facebook ad templates, who are we going to advertise it to? People that are Facebook page admins and are small business owners. Great, great targeting option.

So that could, this could be one ad set. And then what I could do is I could duplicate this ad set. Remember, we want to test different options.

So let's just get rid of these for a second, just to show you sort of how that would work. So let's say, you know, we had one targeting that was Gary Vaynerchuk. We had one targeting that was both of those we could have, for example, what was some of the other options we had?

Let's just have a quick, quick look again, go back to page likes to do to do. We had Facebook business. So let's just try that.

Actually, no, we've already tried that. Let's have a look at, we had small business Saturday, I think somewhere. It's always a Saturday.

There we go. That's what I was after. I was trying to remember.

So let's see if that comes up as an option. Small business. There we go.

Saturday, people who are interested in that, they might. Okay, so there's only 7,600 people in the UK. So that's too small.

But that doesn't mean we can't use this. Maybe we just need to add in some other ones. So whereas I clicked here was narrow audience, when you've got a big audience, and you want to narrow it to make it smaller, then you narrow audience and you add something in there.

When you've got a small audience, you need some more interest targeting options. So some of the options that I remember that came up as options of people to target were people like Tim Ferriss. So we could have that as an interest.

That might not be the right one, because there were two. I bet Tim Ferriss has got more people that are interested. And they're not sure who Timothy Ferriss actually is.

So I'm going to get rid of that. And of course, Tim Ferriss has got so many likes that he pushes us over. So let's say that's too big.

But some of the options we had were digital marketer. Actually, it was one word, if I remember rightly. Digital marketer, no, hasn't come up in here, which is weird, because it was on audience insights.

Most of the time, what you'll find is people in audience insights. Interest, digital marketing might be too broad. I mean, that gets us dead to our sort of target size.

But let's say we didn't want to use that. What were some of the other options we had? Oh, we had Hootsuite.

If I can spell that correctly. Hootsuite was an option as an interest. 1.3 million, again, too big.

So you're going to have to narrow these down somewhat. So for example, let's say we wanted to advertise to these two audiences, but they're too big. So let's make sure that they are also small business owners.

Behaviour. Too small. So you're going to have to play around with these guys to make sure that you've got the right audience size.

I've shown you already an example of around about the half a million. Don't get fixated on this. And that half a million figure, by the way, is dependent on the country you're advertising in and the area in which you operate.

So if you just operate on a local basis, almost basically don't worry about this potential reach number. I mean, you probably don't want anything less than 50,000 people. But if it's really small, that just makes sense because you're only operating in one city.

I'm advertising here to the UK is what we've got. If this was the US, then the audiences are going to be much larger. If I'm advertising in the US, I try and keep it below the two million total mark.

Those are the good sort of start points. They're nice big audiences. So if it is working, you can scale nicely, not too big.

So it becomes a bit aggressive. So let's add in the one that we found that was working really nicely, which I believe was Facebook. We want these people to be Facebook page admins.

And we want them to be small business owners. Behaviour. 470,000 people.

Perfect. Great starting size. We know that the people that are small business owners and also Facebook page admins tick those two boxes, which is absolutely fantastic.

Okay. Facebook have fairly recently introduced this little part here that says expand interest when it may increase conversions at a lower cost per conversion. At the moment, the jury is still out on this one.

We've seen some mixed results. We've run campaigns with it ticked and run campaigns without it ticked to test to see which works better. And in some cases it seems to work.

We're not quite sure why. The downside, obviously the plus side is that Facebook has a lot of data on its users. The downside is we do kind of wonder if by ticking this, they're kind of, they can get a little bit too broad with your targeting.

So you might end up with people that are on your email list that aren't necessarily going to become customers of yours. So for an email list lead magnet campaign like this, I'd leave it unticked. Connection type, you can ignore for this campaign placements.

So this is a kind of a key area. So Facebook recommends that you use automatic placements. I don't, I would recommend that you go in and edit placements.

What you see is that Facebook have got tons of placement options. So they've got, you know, the news feeds, instant articles, they've got Instagram, Facebook messenger, audience network, tons and tons of placement options. What you'll nearly always find on Facebook is that the vast majority of the results that you get, no matter what you're advertising.

And this is definitely true with a, with a lead magnet campaign come from the Facebook news feeds. So I would literally turn off everything that isn't the Facebook news feeds. It's just taking a second to do that.

I'd also turn off Instagram. Now for certain businesses, if you've got like, um, like a fashion brand or anything that's super, super visual, you might want to test Instagram. Um, but I would recommend getting rid of messenger and keeping it just as, um, basically the Facebook news feeds.

So I wouldn't really worry about this warning. You know, it's within Facebook's interest to kind of, um, recommend that you use all the placements because they've got, you know, space with which to put ads and they want to put ads in there. But in my experience, they don't convert very well.

So, uh, so I wouldn't. Another reason, by the way, you want conversions objective as your campaign objective is because if you, you know, you go for something else, you might get really cheap clicks on some of these other placements, but, um, but yeah, you might not get conversions. Uh, specific mobile device opportunities, just leave it as all.

That's absolutely fine. And then optimize optimization for ad delivery. So conversions, um, they've recently introduced something that says optimize for both link clicks and conversions.

If optimizing just conversions doesn't get enough results. So explain what this means. So Facebook have basically said that for a conversions campaign objective, for them to be able to optimize that properly, you need to have 50 or more conversions per week, um, which is quite a lot for most businesses, but not really when you're generating, um, opt-ins for a lead magnet, because each conversion is going to be quite cheap.

You know, if you're paying a dollar 50, $2 a lead, um, and, and, and, you know, once your campaign is up and running and you're, and you're looking to scale it, you probably, there's a good chance you will be generating more than 50 conversions per week, in which case I'd probably leave it, leave it empty. Um, if you're going to be operating on a small budget, let's say $5 a day, and you're not going to generate 50 conversions or more per week, then I'd go ahead and take this, you know, check that little thing there, um, which basically just says it will optimize for link clicks until it has enough data to optimize for conversions. But if you are going to get over 50, I'd recommend leaving that off conversion window.

You can leave as is, it's absolutely fine. Bid amount automatic, just leave that as automatic. Um, manual gets very complicated, very difficult.

Some people try and be fancy. You don't need to worry about it. Impression delivery type, all that is absolutely fine.

So that is your ad set. Now, one thing that's really important is once you've got everything, um, set up in here with the detailed targetings, remember guys, duplicate this out, create a few different variations on, on some of your other ones. Don't worry so much about audience size.

If it's too big, too small, that's okay. What's really important at this stage is to work out which audiences work really well. Because honestly, we've seen crazy results where you create five different ad sets, and one of them is generating leads for $8, one's generating leads for $1.20, one's generating leads for $4, and the difference can be massive between the different targeting options.

And you really want to find those winning ones because it's going to affect how much it costs for you to get subscribers on your email list. So duplicate this ad set. I'll just quickly show you how to do that actually.

So if you close that down, let's say I wanted to create a, you very simply just make sure it's selected, click the duplicate button, original campaign, one, click duplicate. And this will pop up now with example ad set, it'll call it copy, just make sure you rename it with the targeting options that you choose. That way, so for example, let's say we wanted to break out female, there you go, name it that so that when you come back into your ad account, you can see the data really usefully.

So I'm going to close that down and I'm going to delete that ad set for now because we don't need it. And now what we're going to do is we're going to click on this ad set here, and we're going to create an ad. As you can see, there's no ad created right now.

Okay, so now let's create our ad. So click on this create ad. And then of course, we want to use the existing campaign that we've used.

And then we want to use existing ad set, select example ad set. And we want to create a new ad. And let's call this example ad and be really, really, really creative.

Again, guys, I just, you know, if I was making this campaign for real, not demonstrating, I would just name it something that's relevant. So it might be like Facebook ad template lead magnet campaign, this would be the ad set would be the targeting options that I'm looking to target. And then the ad would just describe the ad I'm going to create, maybe it might mention the image or the text or the video, whatever it is, and then just click save to draft.

Okay, so that'll bring up a window that looks like this. Now, if you manage multiple Facebook business pages, like I do, then just make sure you've got the right one selected there. Obviously, for most of you, that won't be applicable.

And now we need to create the ad. Now, I think it's really important when you're advertising a lead magnet to use the right ad format. Now, we've tested a bunch of different ad formats, we've tested image ads and carousel ads, but by far, the best performing campaigns that we've created to advertise lead magnets are ones that use video ads.

So I'm going to show you a video that I've used in a minute that I've created that performs really, really well. And basically, the way the video works is we found that videos that are two to four minutes long perform best, those are the videos that perform best, that sort of length. And what you want to do is you want to deliver some real value to your target market upfront, that's completely independent of your lead magnet.

Obviously, it should be related. But in that content, you're helping your target market achieve something they want to achieve, telling them about something that they won't be interested to know about. And at the end of that video, you've got a call to action where people can go and download your lead magnet.

So for example, at the end of this video, I say, you know, by the way, just before you go, we've got something I think you might be very interesting called a five-part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free. All you need to do is click on the link in the video description, that'll take you through to our website, and you will be able to download it there. And of course, I talk it up a bit, I talk about the benefits of this five-part Facebook ad template, I talk about that it's got really good performing ads in there, you can model from them, et cetera, et cetera.

That seems to be the best way because I think when someone's, you know, I'm seeing you in front of the camera, they've seen your business, they've seen there's something real there. And when you've really talked up the lead magnet, you've really sold it, it helps overcome the objections that people have about giving you their email address in the first place. So it's been a really effective method of generating email subscribers for us, is to advertise, send people to our landing page, but not via a direct image ad like most people do it, but to do it using a video ad and have the link right at the end.

So I've actually brought up this, actually before we have a look at the video, let's quickly explain something else. So there's two options whenever you create a Facebook ad, you can either create an ad using this bit here and enter in all the information, or you can use existing posts. Now I would recommend that you basically always click use existing posts, and I'll tell you why, in fact I can demonstrate why.

So this video, the one that I've been talking about is the one that's popped up because I entered it in a second ago. Now what you can see here is, the title of this video by the way is Why You're Wasting Your Time with Facebook, and it's definitely controversial, and that has actually helped us because it helps get attention on this video, and of course the attention hooks them in, they get valuable information from the video, and then we get the call to action and they end up on an email list. So it's a very very effective sort of step-by-step process.

Now the reason why I called it Why You're Wasting Your Time with Facebook, I'm not, I should just quickly explain saying that Facebook is a waste of time, I wouldn't be making this video right now if that was the case. What I am saying is most people are wasting their time on Facebook because they do it wrong, and then I go on in the video to explain what they need to do instead. So this is the ad, this is what it looks like, it's posted to our Facebook page, and I'm going to explain a little bit about the text in a second, but I just want to quickly get to something, and that's the social proof.

So you can see that this ad has had, I think this video has had 130,000 views, something like that. In fact we had another version of this video that I previously recorded that had, I think it got up to over 400,000 views, but we re-recorded this, and just, there are a few things I wanted to change in it, make it look a bit more professional. Now this video has had 1.5 thousand reactions, so you know basically 1500 likes, 341 comments, and 254 shares.

That's a huge amount of social proof. What that means is when people see this pop up in their Facebook newsfeed, they're going to give it more attention. Having all that social proof is effectively like, you know, going on TripAdvisor and seeing that a place has got tons of reviews.

You're going to give it more attention as a result. And the reason why I would recommend use existing posts is because this one post is used in all, any campaign that's designed to advertise this lead magnet. So let's say that, as I mentioned previously, we have four or five different ad sets, four or five different groups of people that we're targeting.

Now if we used create ad, then we would create four or five different ads, and all of this social proof down here would be spread over four or five different ads, and it wouldn't look anywhere near as impressive. Whereas by posting this ad to our Facebook page, and then selecting use existing post, all the social proof is gathered on one ad, and that just means that you're going to build more social proof, you're going to have much better reaction to your your ad, and it's going to help you generate email subscribers for a lower cost. Okay, so let's have a quick look at the post itself, which I prepared up in a tab here.

So I've just paused it right at the beginning. Now I'm going to go through this ad, I'm going to talk through some of the various options. I know that a lot of people can find it quite daunting to get in front of the camera to create a video ad that delivers a lot of value.

So I want to go through this and break it down into its parts, because I know it can be a bit scary. But honestly, guys, it's nothing to worry about. Just do it, you'll be so happy you did.

Once you've done this a few times, you'll get good at it. And if you can get a video ad up there like this, that can generate, I mean, this video alone has generated, you know, I think over 15,000 email subscribers for us. And it is so worth, you know, taking a couple of hours to make this thing and get it created.

So let's, let's, hang on, I just need to unplug the microphone. And you should still be able to hear me, but the audio will be coming through a different, it might sound slightly different, but that way you'll be able to hear this, this video that I'll play it now. Okay.

If you're trying to promote your business on Facebook, then you're probably wasting your time. And in this video, I'm going to explain why and what you need to do on Facebook to actually get results. My name's Ben Heath and I'm the...

So there you go. You can see the intro there. I haven't introduced myself yet.

I've gone in straight with the reason why they want to wish watch the video. You're probably wasting your time. Watch this video right now because it's going to help you out.

And then I go on to introduce myself. The founder and CEO of Lean Guru, which is a London based digital marketing agency. Okay.

So the vast majority of small business owners and marketers promoting their businesses on Facebook aren't really getting any results. And they aren't really getting any results for two reasons. Number one, no one's watching.

And number two, no one cares. Okay. So let me start by explaining.

So what I've done here is I've just started by really explaining the problem. If you're going to provide value with your video and you're going to help people, you know, in your target market achieve something they want, often you need to explain what's wrong with what they're currently doing or what they've currently got in the first place. So that's what I've done.

You know, I've said, look, no one's watching, no one's paying attention to your stuff, no one cares about what you're putting out there. And I'm going to show you how to fix that in this video. So planning number one, no one's watching.

Unless you are paying to promote your content on Facebook, very few people are going to see it. And that's true. Even if your Facebook page has 60,000 plus likes, just like ours does.

You have to remember that, yes, Facebook is a social network, but it's also an advertising platform. They make money from their advertisers, not from their regular users. So of course, they're going to give their advertisers content a lot more priority.

And that's what's going to show up in people's news feeds. And this isn't a bad thing on their part. Facebook is a for profit company.

And just like you and me, they're going to prioritize their paying customers. The good news is that it's not that expensive to advertise on Facebook. But I will say that if you're not willing to put at least a little bit of money behind your promotions, then to be honest, you're wasting your time.

Okay, so let's move on to point number two. No one cares. Just paying to promote your business on Facebook.

So here guys, I'm just really delivering the value in the content. I've explained the problem. I'm now telling them what they need to do in order to fix it.

I'm saying you need to pay to promote your stuff on Facebook. Facebook isn't good enough. You need to promote something that people actually care about.

I see so many small businesses posting things on Facebook that are all about them and their company, but no one cares about that stuff. No one cares about your company updates. The Facebook news feed is a really interesting place with tons of distractions.

So with attention, you need to promote something that people actually care about. And for the most part, people care about a couple of things. They care about things that are entertaining, and they care about things that will help them achieve something they want to achieve.

So that would be something educational. Some businesses can promote things that are entertaining. And I'm sure you've seen examples of that.

But the majority can't. It just doesn't make sense. And they need to go down the educational rules.

And that's okay, because if you have something interesting and valuable to show people, they will listen to you. And once they're listening to you, then you have the perfect opportunity to sell to them. So to stop wasting your time with Facebook and deliver actual results, you need to pay to promote...

So I've delivered them to me to the content. Now I'm just quickly summarizing what I've included in the video. ...your content.

And you need to promote content that is highly valuable and that your target market cares about. Now, just before we wrap up... Okay, and now you can see I'm starting to go into the call to action.

So this is where I'm really selling the five-part Facebook ad template, which you're obviously now very familiar with, because we've been going over it this whole video. So you can see that this is a three-minute long video and almost the last 50 seconds is dedicated to this call to action. So a couple of minutes of great content.

And then I'm really, really selling this lead magnet because I want people on my email list. I want to quickly tell you about something that will help you get much better results from your Facebook ads. And that's a five-part Facebook ad template that I've created that you can download right now for free.

In this ad template, I've included some of our best performing ads that we've created for our clients in a number of different industries. I've broken each ad down and explained what we've included in each and why. So if you're looking to promote your business on Facebook, then you'll find this really, really useful.

You can obviously model from the examples given and it should really help you guys out. As I said, you can download it right now for free. All you need to do is click on the link in the video description above.

That will take you through to our website and you'll be able to download it there. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like and share. I would really appreciate that.

And I'll talk to you soon. Bye-bye. Okay, so let's pause it there and get rid of that.

And I just ended with click the link in the video description to download the five-part Facebook ad template. So you notice a few things in that call to action at the end. Number one, I mentioned that it's free at least twice.

Really important. You can't tell people that something's free often enough, as I mentioned previously. And I'm really selling the benefits.

You can model from the ads, it'll help you get better results, et cetera, et cetera. So that is the video ad format that I would very much recommend that you use. I know it can be scary to produce something like that, but the results of when you have something like that, the results you get are so much better than if you do what everyone else does, which is basically just put up an image ad and hope for the best, that it's really worth it.

I'm going to get into this more in a minute, but this video has generated leads for us for around about a pound each, which current exchange rate, for those of you not familiar with pounds, is probably $1.30, something like that. So that's incredibly cheap in comparison to what a lot of people are paying for leads. And a lot of it is because of this video.

It's performed really, really well. Now, that's obviously the video aspect of it. I'm going to talk about video equipment in a minute, because a lot of you go, how on earth do I produce a video like that?

I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. But I just want to quickly cover the text that I've got included in the ad itself. So what you can see behind me there, I know I'm a little bit in the way.

Don't worry about that. That just basically is the title of the video. They wouldn't see that anyway.

But this is the text that you would see above the ad. So if we go back here, it's this stuff here that you can see above the video. This is exactly what they would see in their newsfeed, just like this.

And the text is, all I've done here is I basically summarised the start of the video, and then I've got the call to action for the Facebook ad template. So if you're trying to promote your business on Facebook, then you're probably wasting your time. And in this video, I explain why and what you need to do to get actual results.

Boom, that's it. That's exactly how the video starts. That's why we're glued in there.

And then I go into, I've also created a five-part Facebook ad template, blah, blah, blah, blah. All that information is exactly what I just had in the call to action at the end. And then I linked to it.

Very, very simple text to include in the ad. So what you want to do is you want to go into your Facebook page, you want to upload this video, you want to give it a bit of text, and then you want to use existing posts in your ads in here. And that's all set up and ready to go.

By the way, I will include a link to this video on Facebook in the video description. So if you want to check out this video and go through it in your own time and really have a good look through it, I'll make sure that the link's included so you can do that. As I said, feel free to model from this video for your particular industry.

But in terms of video equipment, how do you go about producing something like that? All you need is a couple of box lights, very cheap and easy to get on Amazon. They produce a nice soft light.

In fact, I've got one of the videos shining on me right now just to illuminate this a little bit and make it look a little bit better. We've got a DSLR camera that is on a tripod. Any decent camera that can record in 1080p HD video is absolutely fine.

And then we've got a lapel mic. So just something that'll plug into your computer or plug into your camera that you can record audio on. That's all the equipment you need.

Then just do up against a blank wall. And that's really all the equipment you need. Now to get that sort of polished look and feel about how your video comes across, what I do is I script out the entire video.

So I write out every single line. Obviously I haven't done that with this sort of video, but with that video specifically I scripted out the entire video. And then I delivered each line individually.

I would read a line sort of on the computer in front of me, memorize it, then deliver it, look up and deliver it to the camera. And then I've got a video editor to then go in and chop up all those little sections, you know, all those sentences and move me around the screen to make it more interesting. So if you look back through the video, I'll just quickly, you won't be able to hear the sound because I've got the mic plugged back in.

But if you just see, I, you know, I've delivered a sentence and there you go, I jump around the screen, deliver another sentence. And that's basically how it how it works. I've got a video to do that doesn't cost a lot at all.

You can find a video editor on upwork.com be very easy to do who can do something like that for you. Now, if you do want me to go into a lot more detail on creating these videos, I can create an entire long form content video just like this one, all about that, go into all the detail from the, you know, the editing process to the creation process, scripting process, etc, etc, all that. If you want that though, it's going to be a lot of work for me guys.

So if you want that, make sure you leave a comment below and ask, ask me for that specifically, and I'd be happy to, to do that. But that's what I recommend. Create a video like that, not very long, two to four minutes long, have a big old call to action at the end of it, get people to that landing page and get them to opt in for your lead magnet.

So let's just jump quickly back into the ad account here. And it's basically nothing else you need to worry about. Facebook pixel is all installed.

Happy days, don't worry about that. And then you can go ahead and minimize that. And I'm not going to do it because I said we've already got campaigns live, but you'll see there's a publish button or review and publish button up there.

You just want to click that and then your campaign is live and good to go. So what we're now going to do is we're actually going to go back in to our overall sort of account, overall campaigns, and we're going to have a look at the results we've been able to get from this campaign specifically because it's performed really, really well. And I'll give you some benchmarks of numbers you want to target.

Okay, so we're still inside my Facebook ad account. We're an ads manager and we've just gone to the campaign level because I just want to show you the results we've been able to get with advertising this particular lead magnet that we've been talking about this whole video, the Facebook ad template. And I want to show you how we've been able to get that using lookalike and custom audiences, really, really important features.

So you can see that this campaign, I think the video that was used was created about five months ago and it's generated almost 16,000 leads, 15,983 to be exact, for an average cost of 1.04 each, which is absolutely fantastic. Now that's a really, really good cost per lead. We know that our email subscribers are going to be worth much more to us, I mean, basically they're going to be worth more than that to us over the next 30 days after they've become a subscriber, but definitely over, you know, years of being able to market our products and services to them.

So very, very effective campaign. What I would say in terms of what you want to aim for is if you can get your cost per lead, your cost per email subscriber under $2, you're doing really, really well. Between $2 and $3 is reasonable and anything over $3 is probably a bit too expensive.

You probably need to make some adjustments. Now, if you can follow all the steps in this video, and I said, I did warn you that it's going to be in depth. If you can create a fantastic lead magnet that delivers value, is appealing to your target market, and is relevant to your products and services.

If you can create a fantastic landing page like the one I showed you, if you can create a great Facebook campaign using the conversions objective, targeting the right people, finding them on audience insights, and then of course, creating a great video ad that advertises that lead magnet, then I am very confident you will be able to get under that $2 mark if you can execute on all those properly. So that's sort of the benchmark of what you should be aiming for. Let's go into this campaign and have a quick look at some stuff.

So the first thing that you will see is that, as I said, I mentioned I'm a really big one for testing. Really big fan of testing lots of different targeting options in particular. Now, I often test different ad copy.

When you're creating a video ad, that's not as practical because you'd have to create so many different ads. I basically don't bother. I just create one ad and run with it.

But with targeting options, who you're advertising to, it's very easy to test lots of different options. So what you'll see here is that within this campaign, there's 31 different ad sets. So we've tested 31 different groups of people to find out which performed best.

And what you can see is you can kind of see that in action a little bit here. So this targeting, for example, US 1% lookalikes, I'm going to explain lookalikes in a minute, generated leads for 6.74 each, which is way more expensive than these two up here, which is an average of, you know, 1.04, 1.04, 1.08. So you'll find that there's a big variation targeting options.

That's why it's important to test. Now, let's go into this ad set. I've already selected this one because I want to show you that top one's a little bit more complicated and I'll show you in a minute.

But just now, I want to show you something really cool and really important about this ad set. So if I select edit, I think I've selected that. It's just taking its time.

Yes, it is indeed. Okay. So what you can see is it's called UK 1% lookalike audience Facebook ad template subscribers 21 plus.

So that's exactly what it means. It means we are advertising to people that are 21 and older in the UK, and we are advertising to a lookalike audience of people that have already opted in for the Facebook ad template. So I'm going to explain how to do this in a minute.

But just so you know, for this ad set, we are advertising to, as you can see here in the custom audiences section, lookalike 1% Facebook ad template. So what we've basically done is we've uploaded to Facebook the list of people that have already opted in for our Facebook ad template. And we've sent to Facebook, create us a lookalike audience out of these people, because that's who I want to advertise to, because I know they're highly likely to be interested in the ad template as well.

I'm going to explain what that means. But that's how, by using lookalike audiences, and if I, that's basically all the information you need to know on there. If I just show you here, look, we've got lookalike audiences throughout all of these, the vast majority of these ad set targeting options are lookalike audiences, a lot of them in different countries.

So lookalike audiences are absolutely key to being able to generate a really low cost per email subscriber. And of course, let's go in and talk about custom audiences and lookalike audiences in our audiences tab now. Okay, so here we are now inside the audiences tab.

Here you can create custom audiences, lookalike audience, all that cool stuff that I'm going to show you how to do right now. You get here, by the way, just by clicking on the three lines in the top left, as I do so, obviously, just click on audiences and you'll come into here. I've just opened up a new tab to make it a little bit more straightforward.

So from within here, I'm going to show you how to create both custom and lookalike audiences because they're absolutely integral to any sort of Facebook advertising efforts. If you can use these properly, custom audiences and lookalike audiences, they will improve your Facebook ad results. They're just as simple as that.

They are so effective. And you saw that the great results we're getting on this lead magnet campaign advertising our Facebook ad template comes from, in large part, from lookalike audiences. Those are the audiences, those are the people that we're advertising to.

So you absolutely want to include those. So I'm going to start with custom audiences because you kind of need to create a custom audience anyway to create a lookalike audience a lot of the time. So what is a custom audience?

Well, a custom audience is basically a group of people that are already aware, to some extent, of your business. There's already been some sort of interaction. Now, these people are often fantastic people to advertise to because they're far more likely to take your desired action if they've already interacted with your business.

They're far more likely to buy your products and services or, in this case, opt in for a lead magnet and join our email list, which is what we want to do. So there are a number of different options when it comes to creating a custom audience. I'm going to go through some of the more commonly used ones.

So you've got customer file. You click on that. So let's say, for example, you're building an email list like we are, like I'm showing you how to do in this video.

And you want to advertise specifically to the people on your email list, which is often something that I would recommend you do. Again, a fantastic warm audience to advertise to, particularly if you're going to offer some direct, if you're going to directly offer products or services or some sort of high value items, then this is often a fantastic audience for that. So what you can do is you can go ahead and click on this button.

It says add customers from your own file. This all should pop up in a sec. There you go.

And you can just very simply upload a file here, a CSV or a TXT file, and then you just need to match the field. So you need to say, oh, this email address is email. Once you've done it, it's very straightforward.

Or you could just copy and paste it in. Name your audience and then just finish that. I'm going to go back though.

The other option, of course, if you have a MailChimp account, then you can directly import your email list. Whatever information you have on MailChimp just makes it basically more straightforward than having to download a file and re-upload it. We use MailChimp quite a lot, so we often use that.

That's customer file. Great custom audience to create and to advertise to. One of the most common ones we use all the time, I'm going to get rid of that, is website traffic.

So you have to remember that near the beginning of this video, I talked about installing the Facebook Pixel, how important that is. Remember, there will be a link to another video in the description of this video that will show you how to do that. Make sure you watch that video if you haven't got the Facebook Pixel installed.

And one of the reasons for that was because you could re-target people that have visited your website, which is a fantastic custom audience to target for building an email list. So if you've got people that are visiting your email list, then I'd strongly recommend you come in and you create a custom audience out of all website visitors. 30 days is about the right amount of time.

Any more than that, and they probably won't remember that they interacted with your business or visited your website. But within that 30 day window, they're warm prospects. You can get them onto your email list with your ad.

That's a great audience target for a lead magnet campaign. Of course, there are other options in here. There's things like you can target people who have visited specific pages, people who spend time, a certain amount of time on your website.

But for the purposes of re-targeting people that have visited your website, to get them on your email list via the campaign that I've shown you how to create, I would go with all website visitors in the past 30 days. All you need to do is give your audience a name and select create audience and you are. By the way, with these custom audiences, where you input them into your campaign so that you can target these people is exactly what I just showed you with that lookalike audience.

So where that lookalike audience is in the ad set that I just showed you, that's where you can enter in custom audiences, lookalike audiences, all this stuff, and then you'll be specifically targeting those people. App activity, not going to worry about, it's fairly self-explanatory. Offline activity, also not going to worry about, you're very unlikely to use that.

Engagement is one of the other big ones. So there's a whole bunch of options here, not going to go through each one. There's two that we use most commonly and that most people use, and one is video.

So let's say for example you've got your campaign up and running, you've got your video ad going, and you're generating results but obviously not everyone that watches your video is going to opt in for your lead back. In fact, only a small percentage ever are. Well, you can retarget people that have watched, say, well in fact let's go into this and have a look.

So you can retarget people based on the video that they watched, how much of a video they've watched. So let's say for example you want, you only want to advertise your lead magnet again to people that have watched 50% of your video. Then you just go in and choose videos.

I won't do it now, but you can go in and choose that video. I'd probably recommend shortening that time window to about the 30 day mark, give it a name. But this can be very effective because obviously for someone to hear about your lead magnet, they need to make it all the way to the end of your video via the method that I've shown you.

But if someone's watched 50% or 75% of your video but not quite made it to the call to action, they're still highly likely to be interested in your lead magnet. So being able to advertise to these people again is really, really valuable. Of course if you've got other video content up on Facebook then I'd strongly recommend you create an ad set that specifically targets these people as well because those people are definitely going to be interested in opting in for your lead magnet.

So those are sort of two case studies and oh by the way the ad that you would use, that you would use for the retargeting is exactly the same ad. You can use the exact same video ad if someone's watched 50% of it and there's a good chance they'll watch all of it if you put it in front of them again. Okay, so don't feel like you need a specific retargeting ad here, you can go ahead and do that.

But this is definitely a targeting option that I would use. If you've already put video content out on Facebook and you're looking to advertise and you've got views on that, fantastic. If not, wait for a month, maybe six weeks after your campaign has been live and come and set up an ad set that targets people.

I would probably start with more than 50% of the video. Retarget those people because there's a good chance they'll end up signing up for your lead magnet and get ending up on your email list. Okay, so let's go back.

So video is one of the big ones. The other one is the Facebook. So depending on what sort of activity you've done on Facebook so far, you know, how much advertising have you done, how, what big, what sort of Facebook following do you have?

Do you have, you know, 80,000 plus page likes like we do or you've got a brand new page, etc, etc. It will really depend on whether you can use this and how effective it will be for you. But let's say you have been very active on Facebook.

You've got a lot of engagement. Advertising your lead magnet to people that have engaged with your Facebook page is another great option that I'd recommend you test. These people, you know, this targeting can often result in a really low cost per email subscriber and there are a number of different options as there were before.

So you can advertise to anyone engaged with your page, which is obviously the broadest targeting and that'll have the largest audience. Or you can be kind of specific. So you can, people who've engaged with a post or an ad and people who've clicked a call to action button, etc, etc.

What I would recommend for the purposes of this video for your lead magnet campaign is just select everyone engaged with your page and once again, reduce that to 30 days. If someone engaged with your page six months ago, they're not, they've completely forgotten about you. But within the last 30, there's a good chance they'll remember you and they'll be more likely to opt in for your, for your lead magnet as a result.

So the few things that I'd recommend and then you obviously give it a name, create audience, you're good to go. So a few things I'd recommend in terms of custom audiences is obviously, you know, we're not going to be advertising to our email list because the whole purpose of this is to build an email list. So there's no point advertising to those people, but definitely website traffic, people who have visited your website and then engagement, people who have watched your video, particularly after it's been running for a while and people who've engaged with your Facebook page.

The three custom audiences that I strongly recommend you use. And if we just pop back over here and go into edit, um, I'll just take a second to come up and then I scroll down and then you just enter in your custom audiences in here. So we've got to look like I won't, I won't, um, edit this, but you can just go ahead and enter the name of whatever you've called your custom audience in here.

Boom. And you're good to go and you're good to advertise. So let's go back in here.

Now that's custom audiences quickly covered. I'm hoping you, you know, you kind of get a bit excited when you hear about custom audience, you can see the potential with them. It's absolutely fantastic.

And in my opinion, lookalike audiences are even better. So let's go through lookalike audiences quite quickly. They're actually quite simple.

So to create a lookalike audience, I'll explain what they are to start with. When you ask Facebook to create a lookalike audience for you, what you're basically saying is here's a group of people. I want you to create an audience for me that, um, that contains people that are very similar to this group that I've given to you as a source audience.

So let's say for example, we were to take your, um, your email list. Okay. Let's say we were to take people who, let's say, you know, you've got an email list of, you know, 500 people as an example.

If we were to then use that as a source audience, upload that to Facebook and then create a lookalike audience from that source audience, Facebook would create, would create an audience, a group of people that you can advertise to that are very similar to the people that are already on your email list. Now, I know that's a little bit complicated. Hopefully you can understand as I'm explaining it.

But what that means is that, I mean, that's a fantastic targeting option because the people that are very similar to your existing email subscribers are very likely to join your email list and be interested in your lead magnet. And that's exactly what we're doing in these campaigns over here. Look, this is a lookalike audience based on our Facebook ad template subscribers.

So we are advertising to people that look like our existing subscribers. Okay. Hopefully that makes sense.

And that's so powerful because Facebook have got so much incredible data, um, about all their users that these lookalike audiences are so accurate. And as you can see from this campaign over here, most of the campaigns that we're running, once we've been running it for a while, we're advertising, we're always advertising to lookalike audiences. And often we're only advertising to lookalike audiences and custom audiences.

We don't have any other cold targeting options going. Now, of course, the audience insight stuff I showed you earlier is important for when you first get started because you may not have any source audiences to create lookalike audiences. Um, but, uh, so it's important to go through that process.

But after a while, often we're just targeting lookalike audiences, basically Facebook knows best. So as a source audience, you can use any custom audience or your page. So for example, if I had 25% video view, this just popped up.

So that contains everyone who's watched at least 25% of one of my videos in Facebook. Now I just need to choose a location. So I can go ahead and select a country.

I'm going to go for United Kingdom, just go for one at a time. And then you need to select a percentage of that country that you want to be included in the lookalike. So for a country like the UK, I'd start with 1%.

UK has got enough Facebook users that chucks out, you know, 415,000 or so. Um, Facebook users in that audience, plenty big enough. Obviously, if you're in the US or, or, or another country with a large population, then definitely start with 1%.

You don't need to go any larger. If you're in a, like a smaller European country, that's got maybe five, you know, maybe, um, 5 million Facebook users, then 1% might be a bit small, you might want to go with a slightly larger percentage. But I'd recommend 1%.

And what this basically means is, if I click create audience now, what Facebook will do is they will create an, or they will find the 1% of people in the UK that are most like, across all their data points, the people that are in this custom audience. So this custom audience is 25% video viewers. And, um, so that's who it's going to contain.

Now the source audience I would recommend you use primarily is existing email subscribers, because that's going to be the most accurate. We want more email subscribers. So therefore we use a source audience of existing email subscribers.

This principle works across Facebook. So if you're looking for sales, you want to use lookalike audience of people that have already bought. If you're looking for leads, you want to use a lookalike audience of people that have already inquired, et cetera, et cetera.

I hope that makes sense. But then you just want to click, I'm not going to do it now because I don't need this custom audience, but then you just click create audience and you are good to go. That'll take a little bit of time to populate and you're ready to use them.

And honestly, I think without lookalike audiences, Facebook would probably be 20, 30% less effective as an advertising platform. It's such a brilliant feature. You really, really need to come in and use it.

And if this is, if I've gone over this too quickly, I'm conscious of making this video too long, then leave a comment below. Let me know if you want this. You want me to do a whole video on lookalike audiences, happily do it.

I'll go into a lot more detail, explain exactly how they work and the various options that you can use. But you just want to go ahead and click create audience for now. I'm going to cancel.

And then again, you come back in here and you select your lookalike audience here, just as I have done. Okay, so we've covered an enormous amount of stuff in this video. I hope you found it tremendously valuable.

I have literally laid out the entire process, everything that I've learned over years and years of building email lists for my own businesses, for clients' businesses. It's all kind of, I've tried to condense it as much as possible into one video. And, you know, I mean, we covered a ton of stuff here.

We covered lead magnets, what to include, you know, the fact that it has to be valuable, relevant to your products and services, highly appealing to your target market. We talked about landing pages and how to create a really high converting landing page. We went into the Facebook ad campaign, talked about conversion campaigns, how important the Facebook pixel is, and links on how to set that up.

We went into the ad set level, talked all about targeting options, and then talked about the ad itself creating a great short video with really useful, valuable information that then has a call to action at the end that obviously fuels the whole process and gets people to opt in for your lead magnet and join your email list. Oh, of course, at the end, I almost forgot, obviously we just did it, custom audiences and lookalike audiences, which are key not just to this sort of Facebook advertising campaign, but to all Facebook advertising campaigns really should be featuring those two things. Now, one thing I would recommend that the first thing you should do if you're at the end going, okay, where do I start?

Start with your lead magnet. So what I recommend you do is click on the link in the video description, go through to my landing page, sign up for my lead magnet, see the process, then you've got the landing page there you can have a look at, you've got the lead magnet, create your own lead magnet first and model from it. And what I would say guys, one thing I'd like you guys to do, I think this would be really useful for you and quite fun, would be if you could leave a comment below this video with the title of your lead magnet.

Let me know what you're going to create as a lead magnet. And I can't promise I'll do it every day, but I'll come back in to this video and I'll answer, you know, I'll make a note on the title of your lead magnet and let you know what I think, whether it's good, whether I think you need to adjust it, because that's one place that I know people get really stuck with this strategy is on the lead magnet. And I'm happy to give advice and let you know if I think you're on the right track or the wrong track and all that sort of stuff.

If there's anything else in this video that you want me to go through in a lot more detail, like maybe you didn't understand lookalike audiences very well, or maybe you're going, I need more help installing the Facebook pixel. I know some of this stuff can get quite technical and quite complicated. I'm very happy to create, you know, a much more in-depth tutorial on any of those one individual items.

So again, leave a comment below, let me know and I'll see what I can do. If you did enjoy this, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe. I would really, really appreciate that.

Hopefully, obviously I'll see you guys inside of my email list very soon when you go ahead and download that Facebook ad template and see the process. And yeah, I'll talk to you in the next video guys. Bye bye.