There's one thing that every sale you make, every lead you generate has in common, trust. Your prospect trusts that by paying you money or giving you their email address, they are going to get something back that they believe to be more valuable than what they just gave you. So that begs the question, what would happen to your business if you could build trust at will?

Imagine if you had a Facebook ad campaign that's solely designed to build trust and attract your dream clients. Not only are the leads really easy to sell to because by the time they get in touch with you, they're usually really ready to buy. They buy more from you, they buy more often and they stick around for longer.

It's called the omnipresent content strategy and it's about to completely change how you think about Facebook advertising. In fact, my agency used the strategy that I'm about to share with you to get these crazy results for one of our done for you clients and one of the guys in our mentorship program used the same setup to generate 35 new clients for their $6,000 offer. That's an insane return on ad spend.

So in this video, I'm going to show you how you can set this up for yourself. With that said, let's get into it. So to demonstrate this, I'm in an example Facebook ad account.

I'm in ads manager and I'm going to go ahead and create a campaign and walk you through the exact steps to get the omnipresent content strategy, get an omnipresent content campaign created. And as we go through it, I'll explain why we're doing certain things and the important factors and the things you need to get right to make this strategy work really well. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and click on this green plus create button.

And now the first thing that we need to select is a campaign objective. Now, with any other type of campaign, I'm almost never going to use the campaign objective that I recommend for an omnipresent content campaign. And that's awareness.

The vast majority of time, if we're running direct to offer campaigns or lead magnet campaigns, we're going to go with leads or sales. But with omnipresent content, you want to use awareness. I know that's contradictory.

If you've watched other one of my videos, we're thinking, hang on, why are you doing that? It's because of this strategy in particular works with awareness. Others don't.

I just wanted to make that very, very clear before we move on. So go ahead and select awareness and then click continue. Now, as we go through this process, I'm not going to go through every single little setting.

I'm only going to change the things that are applicable to omnipresent content campaigns. All right. So special ad categories may or may not apply to your business.

You can find other videos that I've got on special ad categories and the details on that and how you get that right. Buy type we can leave as auction and there's nothing else that we need to do at the campaign level. We've got advantage campaign budget, what used to be referred to as CBO, turned off and that is exactly how I'd like it to be.

We do sometimes use CBO in other campaign types with an omnipresent content campaign. Absolutely essential that you do turn that off. Okay.

So that's everything that we need to do at the campaign level. Really quite straightforward. Now we need to jump over to the ad set level where there is quite a bit more to work out.

Okay. Now the default performance goal, the first thing that we need to decide is maximize reach of ads. And you click on this, you'll see that with an awareness objective, there are multiple options.

I would like you to leave it as maximize reach of ads. Again, that is not a performance goal that we're going to use with basically any other campaign type, but with an OC campaign, we're going to. Next, make sure you obviously you've got your right Facebook page selected.

We're not going to add in a cost per result goal, no sort of bid caps or bid controls or anything like that. Leave dynamic creative off. And then we get down to budget and schedule.

Now with an omnipresent content campaign, we are going to end up with lots of different ad sets. You'll understand why later on. Again, that's different from what I usually recommend.

And because of that, it's really important that you start with a small budget in each ad set. A small budget is going to vary depending on your business, but I would recommend that most businesses per ad set with an omnipresent content campaign start very small with a pound or a dollar a day per ad set. And you can always scale from there.

When I put the campaign together in terms of its structure, I'll explain more around budget and why that's important. But for now, just start with a dollar, a pound a day, something like that. And we can always look to adjust, right?

Start date's fine. End date, I wouldn't normally recommend sending an end date. This is a campaign that absolutely works over the long term.

More about that later on. And I'm not going to do any budget scheduling either. Okay, then we get down into the targeting section, starting with audience controls.

Now before we go to the detail here, I want to say that I would recommend that you use this setup for your targeting, Advantage Plus Audience. And don't click on this little button here to switch to original audience options. You can do, and I'll explain a little bit about the differences in a minute, but I think the way of, that the trend that Meta is following is more towards Advantage Plus Audience.

It does operate differently. I think you are less likely to make mistakes using Advantage Plus Audience. This is both for an omnipresent content campaign and for other types of campaigns.

So I would recommend that you use this setup if I have the option. As I said, some advertisers have to use this already. Okay?

So for those of you who don't know, just briefly explain. You've got the audience control and Advantage Plus Audience. So everything that happens within the audience control is a fixed boundary to do with your targeting.

So saying to Meta, these are the limits of the targeting. Do not go beyond that. Everything that's added in within Advantage Plus Audience is more of a suggestion.

You're saying to Meta, I'd like you to primarily focus on these people, but if you think you can find me conversions or find me good results elsewhere, you have the flexibility to do that. It's kind of a hybrid between open targeting and more detailed targeting, one of the reasons why I'm a fan. But let's start up with audience controls and the most important thing is obviously going to be location.

Now when it comes to an only present content campaign, my advice for this is very, very simple. Simply use the locations in which you can deliver your service. Don't look to overcomplicate it.

So for example, if we're a business that offers a service to the whole of the UK, we would go with the default targeting of the UK. As a marketing agency, we can offer our services all over the world and we do have clients in the US, Canada, Australia, Singapore, South Africa, Brazil, like literally everywhere. Germany, you name it.

We've probably had a client there. So in that scenario, we would add in obviously the UK. We probably wouldn't add in the whole world because different countries are going to have very different ad costs and therefore Meta's optimization might skew towards countries that are less expensive to advertise in.

And that might not be something we want because whilst yes, we do get clients from places like India, we're going to get more clients from somewhere like the US. Okay. So we might start with in that scenario, our core markets.

So that might be, for example, United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, and Australia, something like that. That's going to be 90% of our clients come from those locations. I won't add the others in because you get it, right?

But if you're a local business, you can also absolutely target locally, right? So I live in a town in England called Cheltenham. So let me go ahead, Cheltenham, England, and add that in.

And if I only offer my service to this town specifically, or people are only willing to come to my place of business if that's how your service works, or we're only willing to travel if that's how your service works at a certain distance, then you can select the radius. You could be like, look, I think people are willing to travel 16 miles, roughly. Or I think people aren't willing to travel at all.

We need to do current city only, or maybe you're not willing to travel. But you can adjust the location targeting criteria just to simply suit your business and what you think is realistic in terms of you being willing to travel, your customers willing to travel, assuming your service is offered in person. I wouldn't artificially constrain where you advertise.

So let's say, for example, we can advertise and we can provide a service to people all over the UK, all over the US, et cetera. I've seen advertisers in the past think, okay, I can advertise to all of the UK, but I think my best possible prospects are going to be in London, therefore just target London. I don't think that's a good idea.

If Meta can see that the people that interact with your ads and things like that are in London primarily, they will primarily advertise in London. But Meta may also work out that there's someone else in Manchester or Edinburgh or Bristol that would work really well. You know, that person is really keen and into whatever it is that you're offering and they are likely to interact with your ads.

And therefore, if they're a potential prospect for your services, you don't want to miss out on those people. So my recommendation would be to just go with where you can advertise. Don't artificially constrain, but also don't artificially make it bigger.

If, for example, people aren't going to use your service anywhere outside of Cheltenham, then don't go ahead and expand that out. So for the demonstration purposes of the rest of this video, I'm just going to add in the United Kingdom. Okay, then we click into the other audience controls and we've got a few other things that we can do here.

So we've got a minimum age. We can't set a hard age range, but we can have a minimum age. So you could say, I don't want anyone under 25, anyone under 21.

I normally wouldn't recommend that you add anything in here unless it's a requirement. So let's say your service was something related to, you know, alcohol in the US, for example, where you're probably going to want to set a 21 minimum for obvious reasons, right? So there might be cases like that.

If there aren't, then I wouldn't worry about adding that in for most businesses. Custom audiences, I wouldn't recommend you exclude any custom audiences. We will be talking about custom audiences later.

And then languages, you could choose to get more specific languages if you operate in a country where different areas or different regions primarily speak different languages and you wanted to focus on one area in particular or perhaps your service is more applicable to people who speak different languages. If you're offering, you know, teaching someone English as a service, for example, that might be really important for you. Most businesses are going to want to leave it as all languages.

Just run that through sort of like a common sense filter. Okay. Then we get into the audience suggestions.

Now, ideally, with an omnipresent content campaign, you'll primarily advertise to warm audiences, to people that have already interacted with your business. With the omnipresent content campaign, we've already talked about what we're looking to do is put ads in front of people again and again and again and show up, hence the omnipresent aspect of it, to build trust, deliver value, all these things. We'll get into more details on that.

So if we take people that are already warm, that have already interacted with us, we know that that's a really good source audience to then be able to further nurture and warm up over time. But I appreciate that a lot of businesses don't have warm audiences, in which case, it's absolutely fine. You can go ahead and use cold audiences.

What I'm going to do is quickly run through the scenarios for each, depending on which scenario you're in. You want to have a warm audience, I would say, of at least 20,000 to 30,000 people to say we can use warm audiences only. If you don't have that, you're probably going to have to use a combination of the warm that you do have and cold.

And you might not have any warm audiences if there's your first day advertising and your business is brand new, in which case, you could just go with cold. So I just wanted to give some parameters around that. But let's say you do have warm audiences.

You've got 50,000, 100,000 people in a warm audience. Absolutely fantastic. What we'd look to do then is just add in the custom audiences.

So custom audience, for those who don't know, are warm audiences. They're groups of people that have interacted with your business before. And you would just throw in all the custom audiences you've got, right?

So if you've got website visitors, you'd throw in your website visitors. If you've got people on, this is an example ad account, so I've got all sorts of stuff in here. If you've got, not example ad, example email, if you've got an email list, you can pop that in.

If you've got people who've engaged with your Facebook page, we can pop that in there. I would also normally look to add in people who've engaged with us on Instagram. Instagram engages.

I said there's lots of options that are going to pop up because we've got, this is an example ad account, we create assets for demonstration purposes. Video viewers, as an example. Maybe you've been running lead forms in the past, so you've got people who've engaged with your lead forms.

Basically, all the custom audiences that you can take advantage of, go ahead and get those uploaded. We want the largest possible warm audience to be able to run our omnipresent content campaign too. Now, I just entered in those as custom audiences.

You have to actually create those custom audiences in the audiences section. If you're not familiar with that, I'll include a link to a new video I just created all about Facebook ads targeting, how you create things like custom audiences and all that sort of stuff. So go ahead and check that out if you don't know how to actually create these and do these the right way and the logic behind using which ones and all that sort of stuff.

So, assuming you do have warm audiences, you get them all added in there. Then when it comes to age, gender, detail targeting, just leave those things nice and open. We've already got the warm audiences in there.

Meta's going to put our ads in front of the right people. We don't need to add in specific other criteria and further narrow that audience down. Now, because this is an advantage plus audience ad set and we're using that as targeting, we've added in these custom audiences.

It doesn't mean that Meta is going to specifically just advertise to people within those custom audiences because remember, these targeting options here are suggestions. So Meta does have some flexibility to go beyond the people within these warm audiences and advertise to other people. In my experience, for the most part, they are going to stick to the people within your warm audiences provided your warm audiences are large enough.

So I would say that the majority of your ad impressions are likely to come from your warm audiences, from your custom audiences, people actually within those. Again, assuming that you've got enough people in there for that to make sense. And then Meta has the flexibility to go beyond that and put your ads in front of other people that it has worked out or particularly interested in whatever it is that you have to offer and have to talk about from a service standpoint, which is usually a good thing.

Okay, so that's the setup when it comes to targeting if you have warm audiences. If you don't have warm audiences and I'm going to delete these out and you need to do this with cold, that is absolutely fine. You can do that to get started.

And obviously the more you advertise, the more your warm audiences will grow and then you can look to make adjustments. So if you don't have warm audiences, we'll leave the custom audiences section open. Oh, by the way, just quickly before I talk about that, don't add in lookalike audiences in here.

Lookalike audiences are cold audiences. They're not warm audiences. A lot of Facebook advertisers get that wrong.

A lookalike audience is an audience that's created based off a warm audience, based off a source audience. So you're saying, these are a thousand people that visited my website. Meta create me an audience of people that are similar to them.

It doesn't actually include the people that have visited your website. So I just wanted to clarify that thinking, well, I've not got much people in a custom audience, but I have lots of people in a lookalike audience. I can add that in.

No, no, no. That's not what we're talking about here. When it comes to cold audiences, what we need to do is advertise to a group of people, ideally less than 250,000, that we think are pretty representative of the people that we want to reach and that would potentially make good clients.

Okay? So what we need to do is keep an eye on this estimated audience size over here on the right-hand side. We're advertising the whole of the UK.

We've got 48.6 to 57.1 million. That's how many Facebook and Instagram users there are roughly. And then we need to start adding in the targeting criteria into this advantage plus audience section to narrow that down, ideally get under 250,000.

Now that might be very easy to do if you're advertising locally because obviously the population size is going to be really small. Like if we advertise into Cheltenham, there's about 110,000, 120,000 people that live here. So we might just target the lot because we're already under that size.

But if we are advertising nationwide or to a larger city like New York, for example, it's got like what, eight, nine million people, then we're going to want to bring that down. So I would leave gender and age open for a minute and let's start with detailed targeting. So let's say we're advertising our Facebook, Instagram, Google advertising services, right?

So we might come in here and add in something that's logical like social media marketing. People who are interested in social media marketing, make sure it's interest, not employers. We don't necessarily want to reach people that are working in this industry.

And then what you probably want to do if you're advertising nationwide and there's lots of people to really bring this down is click on narrow audience to put in say like an and function and they might have something like people need to be interested in social media marketing and they also need to be say a business page admin. So that's like a Facebook page for a business and an admin of that. And you can see that's really reduced our estimated audience size down.

But people who are interested in social media marketing, who are business page admins, you know, you can see why those might be the right sort of criteria for us as an agency when we're looking for clients. Now audience size is still larger than we'd like it to be. We're coming in at about half a million.

So we can go ahead and adjust this and we can then add, you could search around and find some other options to further reduce that or we could start messing around with our sort of age criteria. So let's say for example, 1865 is probably too broad. Most of our clients are likely to fall within say a 35 to roughly a 55, 60 sort of age range.

And obviously we have clients younger than that and obviously we have clients older than that. But if we're trying to get the number down to 250,000 or so or under, then we might look to be a little bit more narrow. Genders wise, doesn't really make sense.

Most of our clients, you know, we have clients of the men, we have clients of the women. It's probably not a million miles off halfway, probably a little bit more skewed male, but not enough to actually go ahead and like exclude or particularly target one of the genders. But your business, that might not be the case, right?

You might be 90% one way or the other, in which case absolutely fine to add in those targeting criteria and get that added in there. So this is the sort of thing that we find, you know, we've got now 250-ish thousand. Again, this has all been added in as the Advantage Plus audience suggestions.

So Meta can go outside this age range. It's not a hard boundary. Meta can go outside of people interested in this.

But we've directed Meta in terms of like, but these are the people we think are likely to be the best. So start by advertising to them. And what you can do is you could run to your omnipresent, run your omnipresent content campaign to an audience like this.

And as you engage more people and as they're more and more warm audiences, over time, you can add in custom audiences and then you could look to make the transition from cold to warm. That's something that we've done for quite a lot of businesses. If you're advertising locally to cold, you probably never need to make that switch because you can just continue to advertise to basically everyone within your town as long as that population is small.

You know, when I say locally, I'm not talking about eight, nine million people in London. I'm talking about a hundred thousand people in your local town and you can just keep advertising to the lot because that's about the right audience size. You wouldn't want to get any narrower than that.

Okay, so the next thing we need to sort at the ad set level is placements. Now the default is advantage plus placements, which is just a fancy way of saying all placements. So all the locations where Facebook and Instagram ads can be shown across those platforms plus audience network, messenger, et cetera, is the default and that's what Meta recommends you use.

And that's what I recommend you use if you are using a leads or a sales campaign but not if you are using the awareness campaign objective and optimizing for reach as we are with an omnipresent content campaign. The reason why is because if Meta is optimizing for leads or sales, they're only going to put your ads on the placements where people are likely to engage the higher quality placements and people are likely to become leads or sales. And if they find that, say, your ads on the audience network don't convert to sales, your ads just aren't going to show up there.

But because the audience network and the various other options aren't as high quality, so impression for impression that is not as valuable to you as an advertiser, they are cheaper. And because they're cheaper, that's a great place to get a lot of reach and that's a great place to get a lot of traffic, it's a great place to get a lot of engagement, but that might not translate to you achieving your business objective and us achieving our objective with an omnipresent content campaign which is to develop that relationship with your prospects to build trust to make sure they consume the content so they get from where they are right now to wanting to work with you and only work with you and pay higher prices and all that good stuff that comes with a successful omnipresent content campaign. So it's really important that we don't let Meta because the way you've got it set up right now, Meta will put your ads on the cheaper placements because you want to maximize reach and that will maximize reach, right?

If it costs less to reach someone somewhere than other places, you'll reach more people where it costs less. But that's not what we want for our business. So very important that you go ahead with an omnipresent content campaign and select manual placements.

This advice applies, by the way, if you're running a traffic campaign or an engagement campaign as well. And we need to get a lot more selective with where our ads show up. So I would recommend that you deselect Messenger, you deselect the audience network and then you see from the various options, the vast majority of your ad impressions are now going to be on feeds, stories and reels.

A little bit is going to show up in in-stream, a little bit is going to show up in search results, but that's fine. That doesn't concern me. The most important thing is you get rid of audience network and some of the lower quality placements associated with it.

Okay, that's everything we need to do at the ad set level. Now, before we get to the ad level, we're going to go ahead and build out the campaign structure. So just to make this a little bit easier to visualize, I'm going to minimize this down and we're at the ad set level here.

I've got the ad set selected and we've got one ad in this ad set automatically created when we created the campaign. And what I'm going to now do is I'm going to click duplicate on this ad set. I'm going to duplicate it into the original campaign, so into this campaign, not into a separate campaign.

And what we're going to do is we are going to create 13 copies, which is something I would never do with another campaign objective. That would be far too many different ad sets, but with only present content, it's important. And what this now gives us is a total of 14 ad sets.

And I know this sounds weird and different. It'll make sense in a minute. So what on earth are we actually doing here?

So the idea here behind 14 different ads is that we're going to structure it in a minute so that we put multiple ads per day in front of your prospects on like a rolling basis so that we build that relationship. If you think about how you build trust and a relationship with someone, you have a lot of exposure to them. You spend a lot of time with them.

So with an omnipresent content, we are looking to show up all the time, hence the omnipresent part. And we're looking to provide content. So we're looking to provide value so that you do deepen that relationship.

And we need a 14 ad set structure. And I'm going to go through the frequency cap and how that works in a minute in order to achieve that objective, in order to make sure that you're the only service provider they want to work with, they're willing to pay potentially higher fees, they're going to stick around longer and all the good things that come from developing that trust between you and your prospects. And I've said trust a thousand times in this video, but it really is very important, particularly for service-based businesses.

I mean, I know this from our business. It's why in our marketing, we include lots of client testimonials and screenshots from ad accounts and all that sort of stuff because it is really, really important. How you build trust might be slightly different.

It might be images of your portfolio. If you're a service-based business that produces something visual, but there's going to be lots of different ways, but trust is absolutely key. Right, so we've got these ad sets.

I want you to select all 14 as we've got now. Click edit. Now at the ad set level, we want all the settings to be exactly the same in all 14 ads.

We're not looking to test different targeting options or anything like that. We want them to be all exactly the same. That's why we set up all what we've just been through in one ad set before then duplicating it so that all the settings are duplicated.

And if you go down, you'll see that everything is the same. But the thing I want to discuss now, now that we've got the structure in place because it'll make more sense, is a frequency cap. So underneath this section here, underneath the cost per result goal, which we're going to ignore, there is a frequency cap option.

And you'll see that the default is one impression every seven days. And that's exactly what I'd like you to leave it at. Now, the reason why I wanted to explain about the frequency cap is that what we're looking to do here is create 14 different ads, one ad per ad set, and have each one of those ads be different and two of those ads roughly be shown each day to your prospects.

And that is achieved with the frequency cap of one impression every seven days. Because if you think if each ad can be shown once every seven days and there are 14 ads, then on average, a prospect is going to see two ads on Monday, two different ads on Tuesday, two different ads on Wednesday, two different ads on Thursday, two different ads on Friday, two different ads on Saturday, two different ads on Sunday, and then you'll repeat. Now, in reality, it's not going to quite be that neat.

On some days, they might see three or four ads and some days, they might see none. That's fine. Don't worry about that too much.

But that is why we've got 14 different ad sets. So that roughly with a frequency cap of one impression every seven days, we're getting that sort of level of exposure. Now, if you can't create 14 different ads and you can only create 10, you want to come in and change this frequency cap to one impression every five days.

If you've created 12 ads, it wants to be one impression every six days. If you create 16 ads, it's one impression every eight days. Hopefully that makes sense, right?

So basically, however many ads you've got, just make sure it's one impression every, divide that by two amount of days. 14 ad sets, one impression every seven days. And that's how we get that omnipresent effect.

And we can come to talk about content and what's including the ads in a minute. And that is absolutely essential to show up again and again and again to build that relationship. Now, if you think of the content creators, the brands, the personal brands that you follow and that you feel like you have a relationship with, feel like you trust, even if you've never actually interacted with that person, I bet you've seen their stuff a lot.

When we have people contact us about our services, they have seen ads from our omnipresent content campaign, they've seen YouTube videos, they've seen, often they'll say, I've been seeing Ben's stuff pop up for six months. I've been watching videos for a year. It takes a lot of exposure to achieve the objectives we're looking to achieve.

And this is a structure that we're looking to use to do that. Okay? So that's at the ad set level.

Now what I want to do is go ahead and jump to the ad level, right? So we've got 14 different ads in here. And I'm not going to go through the specifics of creating each ad.

I've got videos on that and the details of that include a link in the description. But what I do want to talk about here is the type of ads that you want to look to create and the mix. So there are basically four different ad buckets with an omnipresent content campaign.

There's value. So that is providing your prospects with bits of information that they can use to either get something they want or avoid something they don't want. There's demonstration.

Demonstration is, look, we can do the service that we say we offer really well. So that might be showing, for example, portfolio images. If you are a landscaper or you're an interior designer.

That might be showing like accreditation from a certain board if you do something where that's particularly important. There's like safety elements to it or people want to make sure anything to do with their property would be a good example. So there's different ways of using demonstration depending on your business.

It could be demonstrating just how the service actually works. If it's something that people aren't that familiar with, that can often be really important because they need to know what the next steps are to be willing and able to take those next steps. They go, well, I don't even know how to hire such and such.

Like what does the process even do? You don't want that to be a barrier to entry because it absolutely can be. So that's demonstration.

You've got client and customer testimonials. So this would be pretty obviously, it could be video testimonials, written testimonials. And the idea here is you want to put testimonials in front of people so that other people go, they provided this service for someone just like me.

Therefore, they will do a good service for me as well. So you can get written and video testimonials. You could use reviews.

You've got Trustpilot reviews, Google reviews, things like that. There are a number of different ways to use client and customer testimonials. We use like screenshots within ad accounts as an example.

So lots of different ways to do it depending on your business. And then the fourth category is call to action. So actually getting people to take action.

Now this could be to just inquire into your services and that would normally be one of the ads that we'd look to use. But it could also be signing up for a lead magnet. It could be joining your newsletter.

It could be anything that takes people from just consuming the ads to a little bit further on. It could be to, you know, read a particularly long blog post that's got a lot of detailed information. But we would include some call to actions to get people to try and take that next step.

And the way the mix might look, so for example, we might have a value add. So we've got value add one, right? And then we might do this as a video.

Ideally, we would mix up the format with a favoring towards video. So we've got value add one is a video. Then we've got value add two is also a video, but a different one from value add one.

And then we might have, you know, value add three might be a podcast. Might be audio of some sort. And then we might have value add four.

And then we might have value add four. Might be, it could be a blog post or an article as an example that you've written. Things that are going to provide your prospects with a lot of value.

Things that are going to, as I said before, help them get something they want to get that they can use in a standalone manner or avoid something they want to avoid that again, they can use in a standalone manner. That provides, that really builds relation. Because if someone sees your stuff, you give them a tip, a piece of advice, a technique, they go ahead and use it.

It works for them. That's huge. That's absolutely gold.

They will really appreciate it and you will benefit from a business as a result and also be able to share your knowledge and help people out like I do with the content I create. Okay, so let's say we've got four value adds. And then we might have demonstration ad one, a video.

We might have demonstration ad two, you know, something that shows what you do. We might have demonstration ad two, might be a carousel, you know, showing portfolio images or in our case, screenshots of client ad accounts, something like that. We might have demonstration ad three, that's another video.

And you can, you get the point here, you go on and on. So out of say a 14 ad mix, I'd be looking to have four or five value, let's say three or four demonstration and then a handful of client testimonials, let's say another three or four and then whatever you've got left over for CTAs. And it also depends how many CTAs you have.

You might just have the one call to action, which is just inquire for our services. You might have a few different options like a lead magnet or a webinar or something along those lines that's like a step before someone inquires for your services. So the mix will vary, but just go roughly even distribution between demonstration and client testimonials.

The largest category wants to be value and then a handful of call to action ads. And then that's going to be the mix and that's all going to be sort of mixed up and put in front of your prospects on repeat on a daily basis, hopefully a twice daily basis. And then over time, you absolutely build that relationship with your prospects and build that trust and get them to the point where they only want to work with you, pay high prices, et cetera.

Now you might be thinking, why aim for two impressions a day per prospect as we've got here? Why not aim for 10 and try and speed up the process? The problem with doing that is you're going to run into ad fatigue.

That's why we've got 14 different ads, right? If you just had the same ad or two going in front of people again and again and again and again, they're going to get bored of it and then it's not going to have the impact that you want it to. The only way you can have that many exposures over time is by making sure that there is variety and things are interesting and if you can change the look and feel and that's why we've talked about having different formats of ads alongside different styles, alongside different categories, value demonstration, call to action, et cetera, is because we need to keep things fresh and we need to make it interesting.

Now, there are some other really important things that I need to let you know about when it comes to the omnipresent content strategy but before I get into that, I just want to very quickly let you know about something brand new that I'm very excited to tell you about and that's my new Facebook Ads Mastery course with community. Now, I've packaged everything that I've learned spending more than 50 million on ad campaigns, generating more than 200 million in revenue from those ad campaigns for clients and what we've done is we've bundled all this into this new course. We've included literally the strategies, tips, techniques that we use to train our staff internally to get clients fantastic results and it comes with a brand new school community where there's tons of interaction in there from me and my team.

There's live calls and trainings. The starting price is just £97 per month. If you're interested, there is a link in the video description down below.

I very much hope to see you on the inside. So the most important thing for you to be aware of when it comes to the omnipresent content strategy is it is very much a long-term strategy. It takes time for this to work.

I've talked throughout this whole video about building trust, developing that relationship. That doesn't happen quickly. Think of the people that you're closest to.

You've probably known them for a very long time. So this is a long-term strategy and what I recommend you do is that you run this alongside more direct offer campaigns that are generating new leads in the short term because you probably need those to get clients, to pay the bills, to keep your staff busy, all that sort of stuff, right? But having this alongside, you don't have to put a ton of budget behind it.

We've talked about starting with one pound, one dollar per day, per ad sets, along those lines. You can always scale that up, by the way, if you want to reach more people within your audience. That is certainly an option.

But you can run this alongside your other campaigns, have it sort of ticking along in the background, developing that relationship. And what you will see over time is that firstly, it will really start helping improve your direct offer campaigns because obviously some of the people that are seeing your direct ads are also seeing these ads. So that's warming them up.

And then the longer it goes, six months in, you'll be like, wow, we're getting way more leads than we were six months ago. A year in, it'll be up again. 18 months in, it'll be that much up again.

Two years time, you might need to do barely any advertising because you've got this amazing warm audience of people that have been seeing your stuff for a couple of years and they're so primed and ready to work with you and only want to work with you and pay your prices and all the good stuff that we've talked about. And it very much is a long-term thing. It also helps if you've got really high average customer values or at least a high lifetime value if, for example, you're a hair salon so you don't make that much money on a customer with the first time they purchase your service but you do make money from that customer because they come back once a month for the next four years on average.

Like, actually, that's still quite a valuable customer and you can still afford to pay quite a bit to acquire that customer. And the reason why high average customer values or at least high LTV is important is because it obviously does cost money to put ads in front of people again and again and again and the economics of it work a lot better if you then make a good amount of money from each customer. If you only make $50 from a customer and then that's it, they never buy again, this is going to be really difficult to make work.

But if you do make, say, $1,000 or more per customer and that doesn't have to be all up front, that could be over their lifetime, then you are going to more than pay for all those exposures in terms of putting ads in front of people again and again and again and the economics really work on it. And also, that's why we're using this strategy, right? Because you probably can just use direct to offer if a client's only worth $40 one-off.

Like, how much trust do they need to work with you if you've got that price point? Not a lot. Whereas if you are selling something for $5,000 or trying to establish a service that has a repeat element that people are going to buy again and again and again, that's where they need to trust.

So that's where you need to do this stuff in order to get them to want to work with you. This is particularly important for coaches, consultants, anything that is seen as expertise-based because you can deliver value, you can demonstrate expertise, you can demonstrate how it works, you can show how you've helped people just like them in the past, you can do all the stuff that really good marketing does. Just be aware of the economics on that.

And if you are watching this video and you think, oh, that doesn't apply to me, we don't make enough money per customer, therefore this isn't a strategy for me, I would encourage you to just pause for a minute and think, how can I find a way to make customers worth a lot more? Can I turn the service that we offer into something that can recur or has some sort of maintenance package or something so that we can make a lot more money? Not only will that obviously make your omnipresent content campaigns a lot more successful and you'll end up with a much better return on marketing overall over the long run, it'll make all your marketing a lot easier.

When we work with clients, we know that those that have really high average customer values are often much easier to get great results for because you need far fewer customers in order for it to be nicely profitable. So just something to be aware of before you potentially dismiss it if you do have a low average customer value or very little in terms of LTV. And the other thing I need to warn you about is that Meta will not like this campaign structure.

This sort of goes against typical Meta best practices and that's because we're looking to do something very different. Meta is very much geared up for let's get your leads, let's get your sales, an advertiser comes to the platform, they want to see results within a day or so at the latest, most of them. You've been through this video so you understand that this can work well but does take time so you're going to have more patience with it than the average advertiser but Meta has to gear towards the average advertiser that comes on the platform, throws some money in, doesn't really know what they're doing and they want something back from it early days otherwise they might leave the platform and Meta obviously wants advertisers to get early results so they stick around so they spend more money.

That's how Meta's business grows. So they're going to try and convince you to turn this campaign into something that looks a lot more like a traditional lead campaign. So they're going to say you've got audience fragmentation from all the different ad sets and all that sort of stuff.

Just ignore it. We're looking to do something very different from what the default is. Even if you're getting a call with a Meta rep and they say we don't know about this, they don't.

The Meta reps normally aren't that great. They're not aware of longer term strategies typically like an omnipresent content campaign. Just wanted to give you a heads up there because I can imagine that's going to come up for a lot of people.

You're going to try and implement this and you'll be like I've got all these warnings and it won't do this and won't do that. You have to structure it this way to get the sort of exposure that we want where it's measured, it's paced but it's consistent and it has variety. If you were to say to have the one ad set which is what Meta would recommend and then throw those 14 ads in there what Meta will do is they will find the best performing ad out of those 14 and just put that in front of people again and again.

But of course that doesn't work right because there's no variety people are going to get fatigued and that's not going to achieve the objective. That's why we've structured it this way so just something I wanted to caution you about. Now I've been running Facebook ads for more than 11 years.

I literally started running Facebook ads in 2013 and I've compiled over 40 truths that I've learned about the platform in this video here and in that video I walk you through each one explain why they're important how they may or may not apply to your business. If you want to shortcut your path to Facebook ad success I would really recommend watching this video.