Have you ever felt like there's got to be a better way to promote my stuff? You know, a way to get way more people excited and interested in what you have to offer? Well, guess what?

You were right. There's definitely a better way, and I'm here to show you how to make it happen. So there's this secret Facebook ad strategy that I haven't seen anyone talk about, which, when used correctly, can supercharge all of your Facebook ad results.

And this isn't just a fairytale theory without any real results. This is a genuine ad campaign that I've used for years, and it's helped me turn my personal brand into a multi seven-figure-a-year business. It helped me grow my Facebook group, my marketing agency, my email list, even my YouTube channel.

It's called the omnipresent content strategy, and it's about to turn everything you know about Facebook ads upside down. Because here's how most people run Facebook ads. They have their offer, they set up their first Facebook ads campaign, and they run a sales campaign or a traffic campaign directly to a landing page.

They publish their ad, cross their fingers, 500 refreshes later... Maybe I need to refresh one more time? The issue here is that there's no trust.

And trust is a massive reason why people decide to buy, and who they decide to buy from. This is a Stripe screenshot from a recent consultation. I'm able to charge £2,000 per hour for one-to-one consulting sessions, because my audience trusts me, and that allows me to charge much higher prices.

You see, that's the power of omnipresent content. Let me show you how to do it. So I'm in an example Facebook ad account here, and I'm going to walk you through the omnipresent content campaign creation process, and that'll explain, once you can see the structure, why it works so well.

So I'm in Ads Manager. I'm going to go ahead and click on this green plus create button. Now, the first thing, obviously, we need to do is choose a campaign objective.

I've got the, what I would call the relatively new ODAC's campaign objective menu now. And if you've got this as well, you want to select awareness. If not, you can just go with reach.

If you've got the old campaign objective menu, for the purposes of these campaigns, they're going to function exactly the same way. So no problem either way. I'm going to go ahead and select awareness and then click continue.

So in this video, I'm not going to cover every single little setting within, you know, campaign ad set creation. I've got that in other videos. If you check out the video description, you'll see a link to a full beginner's tutorial that'll cover absolutely everything.

This is very much going to be tailored to this strategy. So we are going to gloss over things like special ad categories and buying types and things that we aren't going to change for the omnipresent content strategy. We're only going to cover things that are pertinent to this.

One thing I do want to mention at the campaign level, because we can leave all this as the default, is this advantage campaign budget. The default is for that to be off. Strongly recommend you leave it off.

What used to be called campaign budget optimization. For the omnipresent content strategy, absolutely don't want to use it. Very, very important that you leave that off.

Otherwise, we've got our campaign set up. We can now move on to the ad set level. So here we are at the ad set level.

A number of things that we need to set up and select for an omnipresent content campaign here. Okay. So the first thing is obviously the performance goal.

Now the default is maximize reach of ads. That's absolutely what we want. Not normally what we do with a regular campaign type, but with omnipresent content, that's perfect.

We want to maximize reach. So go with the default. Obviously make sure you've got Facebook page set up as the right one.

Bid control. No, no, no. Then we scroll down to budget.

Now you can see I've already changed this and added this in here as one pound per day for this ad set. Again, that might seem crazy. That's a lot less than we would normally spend, but there's going to be lots of different ad sets in this omnipresent content campaign.

And you can always scale this up. So start nice and small with omnipresent content and then scale up. You'll understand more as to why once we've built out the structure a little bit.

In terms of end dates, omnipresent content is not something you want to set an end date for. We want to run this for as long as we can. We want it to produce the best results possible, which compound over time.

So if you were to turn this off after a week, two weeks, there's basically no point. This thing needs to run for a while. Again, I'll explain more about that later on.

Then we get into the audiences section. Ideally, you would run an omnipresent content campaign only to people in your warm audiences. It doesn't have to be, and I'll explain that in a minute.

But if you do have custom audiences, as they're referred to in a meta ad account, that constitute warm people, so this would be people on your email list, people who visited your website, could be people who've watched videos of yours on Facebook, people who follow you on Instagram, all sorts of different options. And you want to go ahead and add all of those in here. So if I click in, this is an example ad account.

We've got some set up. I could select website visitors. I could go ahead and grab Instagram followers.

If you've got other ones set up, like Facebook page engagers, and we've got video viewers in there, and you just want to go ahead and add in all the warm audiences that you've got in here. Not lookalikes, lookalikes are cold audiences, but all your custom audiences in here. Then absolutely make sure that you deselect advantage custom audience.

If we are targeting warm audiences who have interacted with our business before, we do not want meta to just expand that and put our ads in front of cold people as well. That doesn't make any sense. Don't know why that's default on, but it is.

Make sure you deselect it, okay? Now, if you don't have warm audiences, that's absolutely fine. You can still use this strategy.

So what I'm going to do is I'm going to walk you through the process of what you would do for each scenario. If you do have warm audiences versus if you don't. In order to work out if we can use warm audiences for our omnipresent content campaign, you have to, it's all based on audience size.

How big are your warm audiences? So what we're looking for in terms of audience size is 50,000 to 100,000 people. If you have warm audiences that can make up that number, fantastic, let's go with warm audiences.

For example, that's certainly what I would do. I have over half a million people, you just sort of follow me and interact across various channels. We could definitely get to 50,000 to 100,000, but not all businesses do, and that's absolutely fine.

So if you don't have that many, we're going to go with a defined cold audience instead. We still want that sort of audience size, 50,000 to 100,000, we're just going to do it with them. And it may take a little bit longer for this to kick in and start delivering fantastic results, but it can still work really, really well.

We've done it a bunch of times. So if you do have warm audiences, I'm going to walk you through both scenarios. Do have warm audiences, go ahead and add them all in here and get yourself up to the audience size of 50,000 to 100,000.

Meta may or not display it over here. We can see it's unavailable right now. A lot of these are sort of dummy audiences because this is an example ad account, so I wouldn't expect data over here.

But you should have an idea of how many people are in these audiences based on your audiences tab and things like that. If you're not familiar with how to target warm audiences and create custom audiences, there's a link in the video description below. Go ahead and watch that.

That video will show you exactly how to set them all up, do them properly, how they work, all that sort of thing. So if you're confused about that, go ahead and do that, okay? Now, if you are targeting warm audiences, you want to leave everything else pretty open, right?

So location could be the country, main country operating, main countries you operate in. Obviously, you can be a narrow geographical area if that's relevant to your business. Only advertise where you can actually deliver your products or services in either scenario here.

You want to leave age nice and open, gender open, don't add in any detailed targeting options and just go with it like that, okay? If you don't have warm audiences, we're going to need to change some of these other things. So let's go ahead and delete these out and assume you don't have warm audiences so I can show you both scenarios.

So the first thing we need to do is get into location targeting. This up here is saying people living in or recently in this location. I'd much rather you change that to people living in this location.

Particularly if you're advertising somewhere that generates a lot of tourists, you don't want to be advertising to people that aren't actually in the place where you can deliver your products and services. So quickly go ahead and change that one. Then in terms of location, we can either go with the whole of the country or multiple countries.

Again, wherever it is that you can deliver your products and services, that's where you want to be basing your sort of geographical area. Or we could go with something local and I'll demonstrate that because that's really important. So I live in a town called Cheltenham, for example, and if we just had a local business, you know, service-based business, for example, that requires in-person interaction, then we would go with something like Cheltenham.

25 miles might be too much. We could narrow that down to say something like 15. Maybe that's our area of operations.

Now, as I mentioned, you want to keep an eye on this audience size over here. And this is, you're going to get better data if you are going down the cold audience targeting option. Because how big this is once you've added in your location targeting criteria is going to affect the rest of your settings.

Remember, we're aiming for that 50,000 to 100,000 audience size mark is what we are really after. If we're going local like this, we're going to have to keep this stuff a lot more broad than if we're targeting, say, the whole of the UK or even, you know, larger than that, the whole of the US. We're going to need to get really specific with some of our other criteria in here, okay?

So let's say we were advertising our digital advertising services, like what we provide as a service. Then we would probably set a younger age limit on this as something like 30. Might leave 30 to 65.

We probably would set an upper age on something like 30 to 60, perhaps. You can see this number is starting to come down. We're not far off now.

Okay, then we get down to detail targeting and we would want to add in an interest. Something for us is fairly broad at this point because our audience size is not far off our target. So we probably go with like the broad marketing term of marketing, if we were just to add in marketing as an interest.

Then we're at 88 to 102,000. So that's pretty much dead on. If we wanted to just narrow that down slightly, we could do 30 to 55.

And then look, we're dead in that range. Now, this would be a pretty great setup for us, assuming we wanted to do business locally, right audience size, right sort of targeting setup. And you'll have to work this out for your business, right?

There's going to be differences between where you advertise, how many people are in that audience, all those sorts of criteria. And that's going to affect things. But what you're really aiming for, your sort of North Star, is this estimated audience size of 50,000 to 100,000.

Ideally, you do it with warm audiences, but I appreciate some of you will not be able to do that yet. And that's absolutely fine. You can set it up kind of like this.

Okay, so now that our audience is set up, let's scroll down to the placement section. Now you see that the default is advantage plus placements. That basically means everywhere, everywhere on Facebook, everywhere on Instagram, everywhere on Messenger, audience network.

Everywhere! That is absolutely not what you want to go with, with omnipresent content. We're using the reach objective.

We want to reach as many people as possible. If you leave this selected, Meta will work out that they can get you really cheap reach on the lower quality placement options. Therefore, that's where your ads will show up.

You absolutely want to make sure that you only select the higher quality placements. So you want to go ahead and select manual placements, get rid of audience network. And what we want to do is only target feeds, stories, and reels.

So go ahead and delete out everything else in here. And that's going to be your highest quality placements. That's Facebook feeds, Instagram feeds, stories on both platforms, reels on both platforms as well.

That's really, really important. If you're going with a more conversion-based campaign, like sales, leads, something like that, you can go with advantage plus, because Meta's only going to put your ads in places where they are likely to convert. So you see why the campaign objective matters so much, but that's not what we're looking to do with this campaign type, this strategy.

We've got that ad set set up. Now, before I go any further and go into the ad level, what I want you to do is minimize this down, select this ad set, and then duplicate it, duplicate into the original campaign, and then create 11 copies. And what we're doing here is we're creating a total of 12 ad sets within this campaign, which I know sounds crazy.

You'd never do that with another campaign structure. That's too many. But with this, it works really well, and you'll see why in a minute.

And then within each one of these ad sets, we've got one individual ad. 12 ad sets, 12 ads. Again, very different.

Normally, we would have, say, three to five different ad sets, and then within each ad set, we might have three or four different ads, a completely different structure with omnipresent content strategy. Now, I need to explain how this works and why we are structuring it this way. So the idea behind omnipresent content is not to generate a quick sale.

It's not to say, look at this shiny new thing I've got, go ahead and buy it now, please. It's instead to build a brand. It's designed to develop a relationship.

What we want to do is make your business the only one that your prospect wants to buy from when it comes to whatever it is that you offer. If you think about how you interact as a consumer towards other businesses, I'm sure there are some people, some brands, that when you want something within a category, you're just going to go buy it from them. You're not even going to think about it.

Oh, that's who I buy from. I've got a relationship with them. I trust them.

They deliver good quality stuff. I'm just going to buy from them. And that is why some people, some businesses are able to charge a lot, lot more than others.

If I take my business, for example, I'm able to charge £2,000 per hour for a consulting session because I have a lot of people that trust my Facebook and Instagram advertising expertise. And if they want advice on their campaigns, I'm who they're going to work with. They're not going to work with anyone else because of the trust, the relationship that I've built up over years of delivering value.

So that's the structure of only present content is designed to do that. And that's why it works over time. We're going to deliver value, get your stuff in front of your prospects again and again and again in an engaging, entertaining way that helps them out and makes you the only option.

It's a great way of generating leads, clients, sales. You can do it with product-based business as well. And it's also a great way of being able to charge a lot more because of that trust that you build up.

So that's what only present content is designed to do. And that's what this structure is designed to do. So we've got our ad sets.

Let's select them all. Click edit. We're going to scroll down to this part here under bid control that says show more options.

Now we've got a frequency cap in here. The default is one impression every seven days. I want you to go ahead and change that to one impression every six days.

And here's why. If we've got 12 ad sets and an ad within each ad set can only be shown to people within your audience once every six days, that means that on average, a person is going to see an ad from two ad sets every day on a rolling basis. But they're only seeing them once every six days.

So to help explain, let's say you've got ad set A and ad set B are shown on Monday. Ad set C and ad set D are shown on Tuesday. Ad set E and ad set F are shown on Wednesday.

Carry it on. And then you repeat. Once you've gone six days through, you get ad set A and B again.

This frequency cap stops ads in ad set A from being shown Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. It can only be once every six days. Now, of course, it's not going to be quite as neat as that.

Some days they're going to see more than two of the ad sets and some days they're going to see less. It's not a perfect sort of two and two and two, but it's pretty close. It works pretty well.

And the idea behind that is that we want to show up in feed, stories, et cetera, for our prospects every day, ideally twice a day. And we're going to do it with different pieces of content. That's where we've got the ad structure, ad set structure.

Because each one of these ads within these 12 ad sets is going to be a different ad. So the ad that they see ideally on a Monday morning is different from a Monday afternoon, which is different from a Tuesday morning, which is different from a Tuesday afternoon, and so on. That way, you're not going to get ad fatigue.

You can be omnipresent. You can be visible all the time and show up all the time for your prospects, but you can really annoy them if it's just the same ad again and again and again and they get bored. But if it's lots of different ads that keep things interesting and deliver value, that means that these types of campaigns won't fatigue and you can show up in a way that your prospects like instead of showing up in a way that sort of drives them a bit mad.

So that's the structure, okay? Hopefully that makes sense. So the next question is, if these are our ad sets, what is actually going into the ads themselves?

Like what type of ad are we going to be putting in front of people? And I'm not going to show you each individual ad in terms of setting up, like writing the ad copy and imagery and things like that. I've got other videos you can find on my channel with more information on ad creation.

What I want you to talk you through is the structure here and the strategy in terms of what type of ad. So we've got 12 ads and there's four different categories of ads. The first one is value.

Value is exactly what you would expect it to be. It's pieces of content that help your prospects achieve something they want to achieve or avoid something they want to avoid. So my content, for example, is value content.

It's showing you how to get better results for Facebook and Instagram ads or how to avoid the big pitfalls and mistakes that you might make with Facebook and Instagram ads. So I'm helping them get better results, I'm helping them save money and avoid the pain associated with that. So in our 12 ad stat, we might have three different value ads.

Okay. We might have value add one, which is a video. And these can be different formats, by the way.

Okay. It doesn't have to be all just video, for example, although I do like to use video quite a lot. We could have value add two, if I can spell and talk at the same time.

We could have value add two and perhaps that's another video, but a different one. Okay. Very important.

This is a different one. And then we could have value add three, and maybe this is linking to a blog post on my website. Something like that.

Those are our three value posts. And these are not designed to sell anything. They're just designed to help your prospect do something they want to do.

And you have knowledge, particularly for a service-based business. You're going to have knowledge around, you know, if you do it this way, you'll probably save yourself time on this thing that you currently do, but you just don't know about because you're not an expert in the industry. There's loads of bits of information that you could provide, little helpful things in that sort of setup.

The next category of ad that we want to create is demonstration. Okay. So demonstration is going to be things that demonstrate how your product or service works.

Now, this is a really important component of people wanting to work with you, particularly if they're not super familiar with the process. A lot of times people won't buy from a product, from a company, not because they're not interested, there's not the demand, but just that they're not really sure about what the next steps are. You ever had that scenario where you're like, I need this service.

I have it in a B2B context all the time where there's a need my business has. And I think, how do I find someone to do this? I don't even know how to do it.

Well, with demonstration ads, you can show it. You can also do it with products. You could show, this is how we make our product.

This is how we install kitchens. Look at this, you know, little video we put together from the last project we did. Or check out these images that show, you know, you could do it in a carousel ad format that show the various stages.

Like this is when we started, this is when we were halfway through, this is when we finished, what it looked like. You can do all sorts of things here. So we could have demonstration ad one, that's a video.

We could have demonstration ad two that sort of shows a carousel of going through the process. Again, this is going to vary depending on your business. So you have to put that sort of filter through this process.

And we could have demonstration ad three that is another video, let's say, but a different video to that first one. So there's the first two categories. Then we get onto the third category.

Now this is testimonial. You might think testimonial and demonstration are the same, but they're not. Demonstration is, this is how we do what we do.

I want you to understand the process so that you're more likely to come work with me. Testimonial is, you should work with me and my business because we have delivered results for people in the past that are just like you. That's a really important part because often people won't buy a product or service because they think, oh, I'm not sure this will work for me.

But if you can show them definitively, this person that's in a very similar scenario to you, it worked for them, so why wouldn't it work for you? So testimonial, obviously a great thing to do would be videos from previous clients, but you can also use imagery of like a nice quote. You could use even just a text post we've used in the past if it's like a particularly long testimonial that sounds pretty good.

So you've got testimonial ad one, so it could be a video. We could have testimonial ad two, but it could also be a video. And then as I said, we could have testimonial ad three that would be a image slash text post.

Okay. Then we get into the fourth category of ads, and this is call to action. So you're delivering value, you're helping people out, you're showing them how your product or service works, you're demonstrating to them that other people just like them have had great results.

Now you need to ask them to take a specific action. So here's where you would say things like, sign up for my email list, or why don't you inquire into our services, or why don't you click through and purchase a product? Call to action.

Now some businesses will only have one type of thing that they want people to do. They'll have one call to action. It's a free consultation.

That's it. That's absolutely fine. Then just create the one call to action ad, and instead put more into the value, maybe one more into the demonstration.

That's absolutely fine. But if you do have multiple things that you might want people to buy, maybe it's, if I took my business for example, we could offer our free strategy sessions, which is like our offer for people that might want to become clients of ours. They book a call, and we help work out if we can help them, and that sort of thing.

So that might be one call to action. We might have another call to action that's to purchase our course. If someone's operating on a lower budget, can't afford our services, maybe that's a good call to action.

And we might have another call to action that is sign up for a free webinar. Get on our email list, and it's a free piece of content. Something like that, okay?

So that would be our structure. But if you don't have multiple call to actions, absolutely fine to limit the number of those, and instead use more value and things along those lines. So I'm gonna have call to action two, might be a video as well, and then we could have call to action three.

Obviously, these could be in various formats. I do like to use a couple of different formats, at least, as a total within an omnipresent content stack. Video would be my favorite, but you do want to mix up a bit.

Some people are just never going to watch a video. That's their personality type. They're just quick scrollers, let's say.

They just want to see an image or something like that. So having some other things in there can be helpful. Okay, so that's the structure.

We've got our ads in our ad sets. These are going to be delivered throughout a six-day period, and it's gonna hopefully create an omnipresent effect where this is gonna feel like we're showing up all the time. But we're also doing it with content.

That's why it's called omnipresent content, because we're delivering value and providing helpful information, resources, and things like that. So obviously, the elephant in the room here is that this takes a lot of time to set up. You've got to create 12 different ads.

If you're gonna be using video, that's time, that's effort, that's resources, that's energy. I understand. One of the advantages to this strategy, however, is because each ad is only being shown to people once every six days, and there's lots of different variation, it takes a lot longer for an omnipresent content campaign to fatigue.

If you're running a conversion campaign and you've got all your budget going into one or two ad creative, which is most likely the case at any one time, that's gonna fatigue really fast. So you have to refresh those often, particularly if you're operating with higher budgets. With omnipresent content, it's just not going to happen that way.

So we will run campaigns for three months, six months, sometimes longer, without having to refresh ad creative. So more effort to set up in the beginning, but often it will last you longer, which is fantastic. Secondly, this is a strategy that takes a long time.

It's not the sort of strategy where you launch it and then the next three days, you're looking at the results. That's silly. Omnipresent content campaigns really take a good six months to really kick in, but the longer you run them, the better they are.

And two years, three years down the line, they are absolutely gold dust. As I said, I've done that with my business and I now have very large, warm audiences that provide all the business that my agency needs, core sales, consulting, contract, everything from my audience that I have omnipresent contented, not just on Facebook and Instagram, obviously YouTube videos and things like that, but I very much use this strategy to make it work. I recommended that you start with one pound per day, per ad set.

Of course it'd be $1 per day, per ad set. So you can see that because we've got 12 here, we're getting, you know, $12 a day. It's not a ton of money, but might be a really good starting point for some people.

This can be increased. So let's say when you're looking at your reach in terms of how many people you're reaching within your ad sets, which is something I'd recommend you do. If you're finding that you're not reaching a large proportion of your audience, so each day you're reaching like 5,000 people or something, then yeah, you want to go ahead and come in and increase these.

If you increase these too much, what you'll find is that you just simply won't spend it when in trying to reach those people. You'll, you know, if these were to be 20 pound per day each, you probably won't spend that because your audience size is quite small. That's one of the reasons why it's really important to have quite a small audience size.

So it's not super expensive. You're likely to be spending less on this type of campaign than on a conversion-based campaign, but it can deliver by far the best return on ad spend over time. And that's really key here.

It is over time. What we'd usually recommend is that you run this type of strategy alongside a conversion-based campaign like sales or leads, because you're probably going to want and need short-term sales, leads, et cetera, coming in alongside this. The longer and longer you run though, the less and less important that will become if you do this well, and the more and more important and valuable this type of campaign setup is.

One other thing I want to cover that's really, really important, and that's the type of business that this strategy is appropriate for. If you sell something that's relatively inexpensive, you sell a $25 e-commerce product, this is unlikely to work as well for you as if you're selling something particularly expensive. What color is your baguette?

Because for someone to buy a $25 product, they don't need all that warming up. They don't need the 30 different ads of yours over a nine-month period. That's not really how that needs to go.

They could just see one ad, it's a bit of an impulse purchase, they go ahead and purchase. But if you're offering something that is strategic, that is service-based, or even an expensive product, something that people are going to think about, then it becomes a lot, lot more important. So the businesses that see the best results with this have high average customer values, often sell something that's quite expensive, either on the product or service side of things, or it's a really involved decision.

Maybe it's not a really large transaction initially, but people are going to stay with you for months and months and months. I've seen gyms use this well, even though one month's membership's not a lot. But if someone is the member of your gym for three, four years based off of it, then that's a high average customer value.

So just think about that and whether you want to dedicate significant resources to that based on whatever it is that you sell. Now, before you go, a couple of things I want to quickly mention. First is if you want us, my company, to run your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for you, we can do that.

That's a service that we offer. If you're interested in finding out more, there is a link in the video description below. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members to find out all the details.

Completely free call, no obligation, but you can find out more. Hopefully we get a chance to work together. Also, if you're wondering how to create the conversion campaign, you know, lead sales campaign that's going to run alongside your only present content campaign, I'd recommend you check out this video.

This video is a full beginner's tutorial. It walks you through the entire process. But even if you're running Facebook and Instagram ads, because it goes through every single little step, if you go through that, you're going to make sure that you've got things set up the right way.

So go ahead and check that out for your more conversion-based campaigns that you run alongside only present content. Best of luck with it.