What if I told you there was a better way to run Facebook ads? A strategy that I haven't really talked about before, that is very different from what we used to do, and is producing the best results right now. And if you've been running ads for a while, by the way, I fully expect this to blow your mind.

This video is sponsored by HubSpot. More about them later. So what I'm going to start by doing is quickly give a bit of context around what we used to do, because that'll help you understand why what I'm about to recommend is now the best approach, right?

If we rewind a few years, the way we used to run Facebook and Instagram ads was typically with like a three-step sales funnel approach. So we might create a traffic campaign or an awareness campaign in the first instance, and this would be our top of funnel campaign. So I'm just going to go ahead and label this so that we can follow along.

That's our top of funnel campaign. That's going to include ads that are maybe making people problem aware. So explaining what the problem is that our product or service solves in the first place, sort of introducing them to our company, to our products and services, starting to make them solution aware.

And then we would create a second campaign, which would be our middle of funnel campaign, could be a leads campaign, could be a sales campaign, could even be an engagement campaign, depending on your type of business and what it is you're looking to sell. I'm going to go with a sales campaign. That was probably the more recent version of this, was typically a sales campaign.

And this would be our middle of funnel campaign. And in our middle of funnel campaign, we'd be focused more on our products and services, more on how it works, people could understand, might be looking to get some leads and conversions from this. These ads in the middle of funnel campaign would be put in front of people who'd already engaged with the top of funnel campaign.

So they're warmed up a little bit. And then we would go with a third campaign option, which again would normally be leads or sales, depending on your business. And this would be our bottom of funnel campaign type.

And this would very much be going in for the kill. This would be conversion focused, CTA heavy, might include reviews, customer testimonials, things like that to try and get people over the line. And people would go through, they'd start with the top of funnel, then the middle of funnel, then the bottom of funnel.

And the logic was that we needed to warm people up to get them to the point where they're ready to buy from us or become a lead. And this was the standard way of doing things for many years. But then as Meta's ad platform became more sophisticated and was able to correctly identify the people for us that were most likely to convert, a lot of advertisers ended up doing away with their top of funnel campaign.

And in many cases, doing away with their middle of funnel campaign. And what they were often left with was a one-step sales funnel that was a combination of middle of funnel and bottom of funnel content. So stuff that's basically just about our product and service, maybe inclusive testimonials, call to action heavy.

And Meta was able to go, actually, we can work out who's just about to buy one of these things, who's just about to inquire for a service along those lines. Let's put ads in front of those people. And often this is going to be open targeting, maybe just the one ad set, maybe a couple of different ad sets, one for cold audience, one for wall audiences, but that was kind of the simplified sales funnel structure.

And we did this because it improved results. But the problem that a lot of advertisers saw was that Meta would find those people that are just about ready to buy or just about ready to inquire. They would put ads in front of them first and therefore advertisers would run a new campaign and they'd get great results for a couple of weeks.

And then once you run out of those people, because there's not many of those people, results would really drop off because you didn't have that more broader awareness action occurring that then creates more of the people that are sort of moving down the sales funnel, as it were, closer to that conversion action. And the logic, the human behavior element didn't change. Like there is absolutely still logic too.

You start by warming people up, explaining the problem, explaining the solution, then you show them the next stuff and then you go for the conversion. Like that logic still applies. It's just that as the platform changed, we moved more towards this structure because it improved results.

Like I said, sometimes on a more short-term basis, we missed out on the long-term. And that's sort of where we've got to today or until fairly recently. But now we can change things up.

I'm going to run through that in a second. Have you noticed that funnels aren't working anymore? 60% of Google searches now end without a click.

That means people are finding answers directly from AI like ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google Overviews. Attention is scattered and fewer visits to actual websites or your socials. That's why HubSpot, who I'm partnering with on this video, have created a fantastic free resource called the Loop Marketing Prompt Library where humans and AI work together.

I suggest you take a look at this resource. You can download it from the link in the video description below. This will transform how you approach marketing.

Instead of throwing content at the wall and hoping something sticks, you'll have a data-driven system that evolves with your audience, meaning every campaign gets smarter and more effective over time. You can use this AI prompt library to help you differentiate your brand voice, deliver account-based personalization, accelerate experimentation, and more. This prompt library contains four stages, express, tailor, amplify, and evolve.

Each stage with different AI prompts to help you level up your marketing, no matter how experienced a marketer you are. My favorite part is how much of a time saver this prompt library is. Instead of spending hours or even days researching, you can use their 100 AI prompts to get answers fast.

Check the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video. Now, I'm very pleased to let you know that as Facebook and Instagram advertisers, we can now benefit from the best of both worlds. So we can benefit from that multi-sales funnel approach, but also consolidate it into one campaign, which I know sounds a little bit crazy.

How on earth do you go about doing that? I will demonstrate. So let's relabel this as all funnel campaign, right?

Okay. So here's now from a strategy and structure standpoint, what's being recommended and what we're seeing is producing the best results. So you have, let's say you're selling products.

It's going to apply to services as well. Let's say you're an e-commerce business selling products, right? You've got the one sales campaign, the all funnel campaign.

Then within this campaign, we're going to have just the one ad set, which you might be thinking, how on earth are you going to have a multi-step sales funnel with one campaign and one ad set? Like I said, I will explain. Now, this ad set is going to target a combination of warm and cold audiences.

I'm going to explain more about that later and the mechanism behind that as we go through. And then within that ad set, we are going to have lots of different ads because Meta is now smart enough to be able to take multiple different ads within one ad set and use it in a sales funnel approach. So work out that, okay, yeah, these ads are a bit more top of funnel-y.

These ads are a bit more middle of funnel-y. These ads are a bit more bottom of funnel-y. And they can put the top of funnel ads in front of people first and then maybe a middle of funnel, maybe a bottom funnel.

Maybe they use a two-step process as opposed to three. Meta has complete flexibility around this. And not only is Meta able to do that, you might be thinking, well, what's the point to let a Meta do it versus we could just manually break these campaigns out and go back to how we used to do things ourselves.

Like what's the advantage? Meta can personalize this to the individual. So some people might just be ready to buy, in which case, don't bother putting the top of funnel ad or middle of funnel ad in front of them.

Just go straight with the bottom funnel ad. That's a more efficient way to spend your budget, quicker to get the conversion, better return on ad spend. When other people are going to need that warming up, Meta can work that out.

Right, okay, this person can be more warming up. Let's put a top of funnel ad in front of them, then a middle of funnel, maybe, or maybe just to a bottom of funnel. But they can use ads in an ordered approach.

This is only possible because of Meta's very sophisticated delivery system. And you actually may have seen this happening within your ad account already without realizing it. So if you've ever had a scenario where you're running, say, a sales campaign, and you can see that there are multiple ads within your ad set, some ads aren't getting a very good cost per result or a very good return on ad spend, depending on which you're optimizing for most.

But Meta's continuing to spend money on it. You think, what is going on there? Why is Meta putting money into this ad when it's just got a not a very good return on ad spend?

It's because Meta is using that as a top of funnel ad. They're using that one for awareness, even within a sales campaign or a leads campaign. They're using that one for awareness.

And then they are retargeting with other ads. So you see that one ad getting lots of ad spend, not very good results. Other ads getting less ad spend, but great return on ad spend.

It's because those ones are being used as retargeting. That's what Meta's doing. Now, many advertisers have had the experience where they go and turn off the ad that's performing, looks like it's performing poorly.

It's got a bad return on ad spend. And then all of a sudden, all their other ads start performing far worse as well. Well, that's why, because you've basically eliminated your top of funnel ad.

This is all happening within one ad set. And therefore, you're asking those more bottom of funnel style ads to do all the heavy lifting. Their cost per conversion goes through the roof.

Their ROAS drops off. That's what's happening in your ad account. So if you've seen that happen, you've already seen Meta applying this approach of a multi-step sales funnel within one ad set.

Now, one of the big recommendations that Meta has been making to advertisers recently is around creative diversity, is around having lots of different types of ads in an ad set all together, all live at the same time. And I've seen how hard Meta is pushing this. I speak to Meta all the time.

I have contacts. I'm part of the Meta Megaphone Partner Program. And they're really keen on this.

And the reason why they are really keen on this is because of exactly what I've just described. If you basically just have variations of the same style ad, Meta can't use a multi-sales funnel approach within the one ad set, within your sales campaigns or within your leads campaigns. But if you have that creative diversity, if you have different formats, if you have different styles, some are UGC-based, some are more tupper funnel, some are more bottom funnel, more customer testimonial and CTA-based, well, Meta has the flexibility to do that.

Meta might choose not to, by the way. And like I said, they can personalize that between different people. Some may need it, some may not.

That's the way to spend your budget most efficiently. But if you have different ads, and the way to think about it when it comes to the creative diversity is to think about it as hitting different stages of awareness. So you may well be familiar already, but within marketing, there's like an awareness ladder, right?

So you have people that are at different stages. So some people might not even be aware there's a problem in the first place, right? So you can make them problem aware.

You see ads for that all the time. Did you know that such and such is bad for your health? There's an example, right?

And you've got solution aware. People know there's a problem, but they don't know there's a solution. Did you know that you can fix that problem that you've got with this solution?

Then you've got people going down who are more product aware. So they know there's a solution, but you want to make them aware that your specific product is a good option for the solution. And you can go on and on.

The basic principles apply between the different stages. So think about creating ads as like, right, do I need to make some ads for people that don't even know that there's a problem that my product or service solves? Then I kind of create ads that are aware of the problem.

I can tell them that what the solution is. Then I can create ads for people aware of the solution that tell them that my product is the right way to go. You can think about the different awareness stages as a good way to create lots of different ads and that have creative diversity to allow Meta to do its thing in this instance.

Now this new strategy, this new structure brings up the interesting question of how do you actually optimise a campaign like this? I'm going to run through that in a second, but first I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship programme. Now with my mentorship programme, me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results.

We've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees. We'll pop them up on screen right now. In fact, 82% of people that join my mentorship programme see a notable improvement in their Facebook ads return on ad spend within just 30 days of joining.

And that's a stat that I'm really proud of. There is a link in the video description below. You can click on that coming through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you.

Hopefully we get a chance to work together. So how do you actually optimise a campaign like this with this structure and with this dynamic of some ads being used more top of funnel, other ads being used in a more bottom of funnel setup? Because the traditional way of optimising a meta ad campaign would be to look at the ads that have got the worst cost per conversion or the worst return on ad spend, turn those ones off, then create new ads, introduce those into the ad set to run along the previous best performers and see if you can further improve performance.

But if that's being done as sales funnel structure, you don't want to do that. We've actually got some advice from meta around how we should do that now. You should turn off the ads that meta is not spending budget on.

So let's say you add in six ads into an ad set. Most likely meta's going to spend the majority of the budget, not during the first few days when they're experimenting, but once the campaign's had a bit of time to learn, most of that budget's going to be spent on one, two, three ads at most, typically. So what you want to do is the ones that meta's just simply not spending money on, turn those off.

Those are your new underperformers. Meta's basically gone, we can do better with these other ones. Then create new ads, introduce those into the same ad set and run those alongside the ones meta is spending money on to see if you can further improve performance.

And then use where meta spends its money as your guide as to what's working best, not just the return ad spend number. So for example, if you had one ad that meta was consistently spending on, but the return ad spend didn't look very good and you introduced a new one that was kind of similar and meta switches budget from that one, the previous one, to the new one, but again, the row ad isn't very good, well, that's a sign to me that that previous ad was being used as your top of funnel ad. Meta's decided the other one's better and they'll use all sorts of metrics to work that out, like engagement and things like that.

That one's better, therefore they've switched budget over to the new one and you can safely say that the old one's not as good a performer, you can turn that off, create new ones and introduce. And you can go through that process, right? And just keep in mind if you're turning off ads that are at different stages of the sales funnel, basically within the one ad set, you want to make sure that you are replacing with ads that also hit those different stages of the sales funnel, different awareness stages like we talked about previously.

So I mentioned earlier that you don't want to create multiple ad sets, typically in this sort of campaign structure, in this strategy that's recommended. And one of the pushbacks that I have on that when I've mentioned that to some people is they say, well, surely you need to separate out cold and warm audiences. And the thing is, Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences in your ad sets, basically no matter what, unless you really restrict the campaign, you use sort of old school targeting methods.

So if we jump back into our campaign here, go to the ad set level, which we've got right now. If we come in here and we're adding in targeting options into this ad set. So underneath the audience section, we've got controls, which are hard constraints, hard boundaries when it comes to targeting.

Meta won't go beyond those limits when it comes to targeting. But that only covers certain things, mostly being things like locations. And then we've got the suggest an audience section, right?

And in this suggest an audience section, here is where we add our custom audiences, our warm audiences. But those are suggestions, right? Look, custom audience inclusions.

I can click in here and go ahead and I'll, this is an example, add accounts. So there'll be some in here, something like website visitors, for example. It'll be in here, I thought.

Yeah, all website visitors, 180. I've got an example set up. Like I said, it's for demonstration purposes.

So this ad set is not just targeting these website visitors. It's targeting those people, but also whoever else it wants. Just like if we didn't include that custom audience, Meta would target whoever it wants, including people who visited our website.

So anything added in this suggest an audience section, which is the vast majority of the targeting, is a suggestion to Meta. And Meta is going to choose whether or not to target it based on the specific things you've included, or to go outside based on whether or not it thinks you can get you great performance. The only way to fix it in terms of I just want to target these people, no one else, is to click on this further limit the reach of your ads.

You can see Meta's trying to persuade us from doing that and then go through the process. I've got videos on targeting if you want to check that out. But I typically would not recommend doing this.

So what that means is that let's say we had three different ad sets, one targeting a lookalike audience, one targeting a warm audience, and one targeting interest audience. Meta's going to put your ads in front of the same people in those three scenarios for the most part. And we can see this because we can look at the data and I've done a video on this previously where you want to define audience segments in advertising settings.

Let me quickly show you. So if you go into advertising settings in here and then what you want to do is select here audience segments and then you can define, this is an example ad account so I don't have it set up, you can define your engaged audience, your existing customers and then everyone else is obviously by default a new audience. So here is where you'd want to add in different custom audiences so you might say look, anyone who's visited my website for example, if I can type, that's an engaged audience whereas existing customers, well that's going to be, you can see Meta's defaulted to website purchase custom audiences as an example.

People on our email list, I've got lots of example custom audiences in here for demonstration purposes. So okay, great. So we've defined those two audiences and then when we go back into our ad account, let's get into ads manager, sorry, let's go back into ads manager.

Once we define those audiences and then we look at the breakdown by audience segment, click on campaigns here and then we click on breakdown here and you can do by audience segments. Now obviously this isn't going to, you can select that, this isn't going to show the data in this ad account because it's an example ad account but what you will be able to see is the split between how much is spent on engaged audience, how much is spent on existing customers and how much is spent on new audiences. Now if you run this experiment where you have one ad set that's set up to target warm audiences but in that suggest an audience option and one ad set where it's set up to target cold audiences but again it's within that suggest an audience part within the ad set level, this part here, down here, where are we?

In this suggest an audience, you will see that the percentage split on budget spent between engaged, existing, and new audience is basically the same across those two ad sets. So what does that mean? Basically means Meta's not really taking this into consideration all that much and not differentiating much particularly once the campaign's been up and running and had some time to optimise.

So what does that mean? That means we don't want to therefore spread our budget across multiple ad sets. We want to consolidate, we want as much money and as many conversions going through the one ad set as possible because that helps Meta learn and optimise and get us better results.

So it's a bit of a long-winded way of explaining and I've shown you how you can run this experiment or just go in and look at your own data assuming you've got these audience segments set up. Look at your own data and you will see this happening and that is why this is the new recommended strategy, the new recommended structure which I know for people who've been advertising a while it will blow your mind. Very interesting development.

It's a good thing for us advertisers because like I said it allows us to benefit from the best of both worlds. So in this video we've been talking quite a bit about creative diversity and having different types of ads within an ad set and how important this is. But there is one type of ad, one style of ad, you can create them for different awareness stages but one style of ad that is consistently producing the best results when it comes to Facebook and Instagram ads and I go through that in detail in this video here.

There's direct information from Meta that shows a significant percentage increase in a return on ad spend when we create ads with this in mind. So go ahead and check that out. first of all, please continue to reveal a Sensei, a Sensei, ainku, a Sensei, zero Gum, the Omega S programmes, theนะ de Jene, there is data a sense.

The idea of the podcast which I object to can really play in a way and then job into the further components of the ad that spirit could be with me, an ink, a Bun, a point of, a point ofats,