A lot of the things that really improve your results aren't the super exciting new techniques. It's doing a lot of things. Okay, so I'm here at the EMC 2023 conference in Brighton.

I'm just about to give my talk, which is going to be on Facebook ads. Facebook ads, cheat codes is actually the title. So I'm really excited to do it and we'll see how it goes.

So I'm around for the break because I'm 11 and I need to go to the AB desk in the back in the place. So I feel like I should be asking you what's going on today though. So in a couple of hours I'll be speaking at the EMC 2023 conference in Brighton.

Talking about some Facebook ad stuff, hopefully some useful info. And yeah, see how it goes. Just the first two.

Interest, comedian, podcast, and event food. When you start thinking about psychographics versus demographics, what's the big difference? What do you think the big difference is just looking at these two lists side to side?

You can shout it out. One of them is personal. You're cheating, sir, but you're also paying attention.

I love that. We at Lincoln's agree. It was a big day.

I'd say just a pledge. We did miss the morning ones. They might have been really good.

Talk about what? Talk about speakers. What this morning?

Okay, who did we just have? Just had Helen on. Helen Tudor talking about LinkedIn.

Hi guys, here I am on stage. Give me a whoop. Yes.

She was really good actually. She was like really casual in her delivery, which I really like. Does someone be very, she like did it really well.

A very British way of being self-deprecating and reducing the barris entry. I thought she was really good. So, we're trying to talk through the plan.

So, timing. Yeah. What's going on.

Yeah. So, it's about 10.45 at the moment. We're going to talk for about half an hour and then do about 15 minutes Q&A at the end.

So, yeah. So, try and keep it simple. What are you talking about?

What are you talking about? Well, Facebook ads, of course. So, just trying to give like a few tips that people can actually digest and take in.

This is the third of three days. People are full. So, just a few simple things that people can go that could actually be really big needle movers within their Facebook ad cafe.

So, like a goal for the sort? Like what do you want? I do.

It actually starts with that. I have like a little, yeah. I have a couple of objectives.

I really, I like the idea that one person in here takes one of the tips that I provide and uses it and it is a game changer for their business and they let me know. So, I'm hoping that someone will let me know. So, I'm going to ask that in the actual thing itself.

Like if you do this and it works, let me know. I'd be interested in it. If I do that, 500 subscribers.

If I do that, yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

What, they're not already subscribers? How rude. We will see.

So, I'm not hearing others. Yeah, yeah. Just put you in there for my bit then.

Looking forward to it, mate? Yeah, yeah. I was, um, yeah, I was really impressed with Helen just this morning.

She was really good, wasn't she? Yeah, she was so nervous yesterday. We did it all day yesterday and she was here.

She was like, how long is the stage big and all this? And we was like, is she ever presented before? Because I was sitting there doing a little video and stuff.

So, I thought she could present. She'd go up there and she smashed it. That was something, yeah, mine's probably going to be about half an hour and I was going to do a Q&A at the end.

I just wanted to let you know about the mics. I'll be there, I'll come up and manage it for you. Yeah, cool.

Yeah, so just come for me. You guys can come back. Okay.

Ben's going to come here, probably about 20 past. Yeah, he's doing about 22 quarter too. So, about 20 past, he's going to come here and find you, get him wiped up.

Excellent. Give me a slice, yeah? Yeah, yeah.

Bish has got him. Bish has got him. So, I'll see you in 20.

Yeah? Cool. Cool, we'll go do that then.

Come back and let's go have a look. Oh, shit, that's a bit. Otherwise, what I'll do, which I'll always do with slides, is I end up explaining, like, before the slide, if that makes sense.

Like, I just, if I wait a slide, just explain the whole, just explain the whole topic. You're just going through your notes? Yeah.

Spoilers? Spoilers. It's fairly similar to, like, a YouTube.

So, I agree with you. I've thought about it from a YouTube video standpoint, but, like, with slides. Like, I wouldn't normally do slides, but, like, this could absolutely be a YouTube video.

Like, but instead of me planning out, like, my bullets and explaining the points, I've got, like, slides. But, like, it's absolutely, like, that's how I've thought about it, and a similar structure. Like, I even thought about the title as, like, what would work well on my channel.

It would be Facebook ads cheat codes, I thought would be a good little title. And, so, yeah. So, I thought about it that way.

Okay, so, just about to go on with my, for my talk. Yeah, like, a little bit nervous. I think you should feel a little bit on edge, otherwise you're going to be too relaxed.

You need to bring the stuff. Starting to get a bit shaky, you know what I mean? I'm a little bit worried.

So, yeah, a little bit, but not too bad. Under control. I've got five different, what I call, Facebook ad cheat codes.

Things that you can easily implement that can make a massive difference to your Facebook ad performance. So, I imagine most people in this room have run Facebook ads in the past or will be in the future. And, yeah, it's all based on the stuff we do with clients.

We work with clients all the time and we create their campaigns, manage them, optimize them, get the best results possible. Yeah, maybe we might even get a few clients out of it. Who knows?

All work for me. Yeah, I used to talk into a camera and sometimes a dog in the corner. So, it's a lot more people than I'm used to.

How many have ever seen a video of mine? Just out of interest. Just a show of hands.

Okay. Hopefully, it didn't wreck your ad campaigns or anything like that. So, if you have seen me before, I do have legs.

In all my videos, it's just a torso. I wanted to give you some simple things that you can actually implement relatively easily, but can have a massive impact on the performance of your ad campaigns. A lot of the things that really improve your results aren't the super exciting new techniques.

They aren't the fancy added bits. It's doing a lot of the basics really well. Like, really well.

These are the things that we look to implement with our clients that we hope get fantastic results. So, yeah. So, I think there's going to be a bit of a Q&A now.

Matt's coming on. First of all, please. Okay.

So, what we're going to do, we take a couple of questions. So, have we got a mic runner? Raise your hands for questions.

Yes, Brendan at the back. I can see. Take a couple of questions.

Hey, thanks ever so much. My question for yourself is we run a maternity and newborn photography company. We run what we call lazy lead forms, which is the Facebook forms rather than landing page.

Yeah. We contact people within, our aim is within 60 seconds of them coming in through automation. So, the first part would just be an automation text message to ask a question.

Okay. And once we get a response, then it gets handed over to a human to carry that on. But even with their instant responders, we get so much drop off of people where they just don't respond.

They don't carry on the conversation. What do you think might be the reason why people have filled in a form 60 seconds ago and then don't continue the communication when we're offering something that they've just said they're interested in? Yeah.

So, first thing is just to accept that that's going to happen. Like, a lot of people are going to do that. You just got to work with it.

So, that would be the first part. But I do think that there's probably more you could be doing in a follow-up. I love the 60-second automated text message, but I would be also looking at other ways of contacting them.

How quickly can you also call as opposed to just waiting for that response? Are they more likely to respond to a call than a text message? Maybe not.

Are you more likely to make contact if you do both? Yes. So, that would be what I would say is try other ways of contacting them as well.

Quickly, and you'll get a better conversion rate. If you still feel like you're not getting enough follow-through from that point, it's probably because they're not as interested in the offer as you want them to be. So, I'd really look to beef up that introductory offer.

You might need to make a bit less money on that. You might need to do something more to get them in and then work on generating that back and more on the back end is how I'd approach it. Great.

Another question down there. Hi. Thank you for all the knowledge that you've shared today.

It's been amazing. A question in regards to you saying do 40 over 4. 40 ads instead of 4 is what I've put on here.

It's not too much extra effort because you're just duplicating it, changing the copy in the next one, duplicating it, change the copy in the next one. You can do the same in the creative. It's not that complicated.

How are you splitting sort of ad spend over that? And the second part of that question would be would you put pricing on an advert directly to flush out the people that can't afford the service? Sort of a money-based question, really.

Yeah. Yeah. So if I do the pricing one first.

So if pricing is a selling point of yours, like that's a competitive advantage of whatever it is that you have to offer over your competitors, absolutely stick it in there. So that's just an aside point because it didn't quite sound like you were more worried about wasting time. It really depends on where your bottleneck is.

So if you've got extra capacity to take sales calls, no, we'd leave it off. They can find that out about later because we're not worried about our sales guys maybe taking up a bit of time with prospects that aren't like to go on convert. If that is a bottleneck of yours, like we've got two sales guys, they're maxed out, then yeah, we would look to filter out more people earlier on.

So I would look at it from like a funnel perspective, as it were. Where's our bottleneck? Where do we want to sort of choke that so we only let through the qualified ones?

But one of the disadvantages with, say, putting pricing initially for something like a service that's maybe a bit more premium, a bit more high end, yes, it will put off people that can't afford it. It might also put off people that can afford it. I think that's why people are often reluctant.

That's like the natural reluctance to put pricing on something is someone sees it initially and they go, oh, no, I can't do that. But actually, if they went through the process and they spoke to your sales team and they were like, yeah, this is all excited. They saw some case studies and testimonials.

Maybe they decide they do have the money. So that's how I think about that. Oh, sorry.

What was the first part again? Just want to say it quickly. Oh, ad spend.

Oh, okay. Yeah. So you don't need to test them all at once.

Out of those 40, we're probably going to find five, six that do well. And we're going to, in that sort of scenario, separate those out so they have individual budgets. Because we're really looking to match the messaging with the people that feel like they identify with that messaging, if that makes sense.

So how long are you running the ads for before you see that that one's doing well? What's your sort of limit or ad spend? How much time or how much money are you spending on it before you go, no, that one's crap or that one's doing really well?

That's a really good question. And I get that's probably the single most common question I get asked in comments and videos. I don't look at time.

I don't even really look at ad spend. We look at how many conversions have been generated and how far off our target are we? So if we've run an ad for three days and we need a cost per purchase of £15, if we're at £45, that can go straight away.

If we're at £18 and our target's £15, we're going to give that more time. I know it's a bit of an unsatisfactory answer. There's not like we run ads for seven days and then we check it.

It's much more how far off our target are we? Do we think we can get this individual ad or ad set underneath our target CPA? If we think that's possible, we'll give it a lot longer.

So it's much more around how many conversions we generated. Have we generated enough for this to be statistically significant or close to? Yes.

How far off our target are we? Those are the questions we're looking at. Great answer.

Ladies and gentlemen, round of applause for Mr. Ben Heath, please. Ad creative, it would be a nicely designed video with some before and after in it.

Showing work, ideally showing work that that roofer has done if you can. You probably know amongst your clients which one's doing really nice work. Do they work on really nice properties or something like that?

Hire them to work a couple of days with one of them. Get some nice before and afters. Show the guys doing what they do.

Nice. Yeah. Get someone doing that who knows what they're doing.

Have a drone. And then you're going to want an introductory offer with something like a roofer would be like a free survey. Is that what you're using now?

Yeah. So that's pretty straightforward. The creative is going to be more important in terms of them.

Because everyone offers a free survey, free quote. Then see. So you offer a free quote?

Yeah, I would change that to a free survey if you can get your roofers to actually do that. That's a much more powerful offer. Because there'd be lots of people that don't know if they've got a roof problem.

They'd be like, you know, a bit of damp there. I'm not sure if we need it. So just, that sounds like a small thing, but that'd be quite a big change.

Contacting the leads. Yes. Whether you do that yourself or you hire someone.

Do you do that now or the roofers do it? We're not right now, but it's something we're doing. Yeah.

So that's a huge one. Yeah. Because I imagine what you're getting with your roofers with churning is they're going, oh, the leads don't pick up.

They're not very good at all of that. So contacting those leads and basically getting them to the point where they've got the free survey booked in. So then the roofer just, you can sync up your calendar.

The roofer just looks at his calendar and goes, oh, I've got like four free surveys this week. Yeah. Deal.

I'm in. How do you generate the leads? Instant forms or send them to landing pages?

Instant forms. Instant forms. That's fine.

So there's nothing there. No, no, that'd be fine. The roofers not doing anything until they turn up for the free survey.

Yeah. So that's fine. And then from then it's them.

But there's nothing more you can really do. Nice. Okay.

Pretty much get some videos made, some professional videos. Really professional videos. It's worth the cost.

Have a difference and then separate that by ad set. So you can say, oh, look, you can resonate more of the flat roofs or the tiles instead of the slate. So if someone sees a video ad and they're like, oh, that's got exactly, that's a flat roof.

It's not for me. I've got really steep roofs. It sounds small, but it makes a big difference.

Would you say that this matters in the size of the audience as well? So if you're in a place like Brighton, it's got 300,000 people. Yeah.

Are you going to get enough data between the ad sets to actually look at that? Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah, you will.

Yeah. That wouldn't concern me. I'm going to take that in.

Am I a bit too boring? Am I a bit too subdued? Should I pump it up?

But like, that's just not me. I'll tell you what, I'll come over and comment next week on one of your videos and say, oh, the calmness. So yeah, just spoke at the EMC 2023 conference in Brighton.

So if you like this sort of content, we could do more of this. Let me know. It'll be really, your feedback's always useful.

Just pop it in the comments. And yeah, subscribe for more. It feels like I'm going to go and leave it here.

Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What would it be like if he walked in here?

It'd be like, it'd be like leaving a, you know, a little bit of honey out. Yeah. Yeah.

Just the wasps just descend.