Over the past 90 days, I've spent just over three and a half million dollars on Facebook ads. Well, technically my agency has across 76 different Facebook ad accounts. And over the last few days, I've done nothing but analyze the data from those ad accounts.

And I've discovered some really interesting stuff. The ad accounts that perform best and reach those really high budget levels all do a few things really well. Some of these things I've never talked about on YouTube before.

The first one is how you present your product or service. Most Facebook advertisers want to show their audience how much better their product or service is than the other options available. But surprisingly, that's actually a mistake.

Better doesn't sell as well as you'd expect. In fact, better doesn't sell as well as new. And when I say new, I'm not talking about a new product for your store or a new color variation that you've added.

I'm talking about something truly different, something your audience may not have seen before. If you show your audience that your product or service is new, that's going to generate so much more interest than if you try and tell them that your product or service is better. Now, I know that sounds counterintuitive, but here's why it happens.

A lot of people think they've seen it all before. They think they've tried everything to fix that problem they have and nothing works. I see it in the comments of my videos all the time.

Someone will say they've tried every Facebook ads tip, technique, and strategy. Now, I know that's not true. I know that can't possibly be true, but it's how they feel.

So when you say my product is the best product ever, a lot of people seeing that simply won't believe you or they believe it won't help them in their specific situation. But when you tell people that your product or service is new, you instantly jump past the I'm going to ignore this because I've seen it before filter. And that is such a big deal because half the battle with Facebook advertising is getting people's attention in the first place.

New is one of the easiest ways to do that, which is why some of the most successful Facebook ad accounts that we've worked with over the last 90 days really nail this new marketing angle. In fact, people love new so much that it brings me on to my second point. Tying your offer to something new and current in the world outside of your niche can be a great tactic.

Let me give you an example. With all the terrible stuff that's been going on over the past few months, people have been consuming a lot of very distressing news content. I know I certainly have.

Pitching your product or service as momentary relief from that can work really well. For example, we've seen a number of indulgent style brands, luxury chocolates, spa treatments, do this very well. And doing this can be really simple.

If it's appropriate for your product, you could start your ad copy with escape into pure luxury for 60 minutes with our... You don't just have to pitch your product or service as a relief from the negative either. You can attach your offer to something much more positive and much more fun.

For example, we've attached offers in Facebook ads to big movies that have just been released or big sporting events. What you can use here will depend on your business. But give this a bit of thought and see if you can have some fun with this.

Now, I was reluctant to bring up this third point because I know a lot of you aren't going to like it. But it's really important. The Facebook ad accounts that perform the best have been through testing bootcamp.

Intense testing bootcamp. Now, everyone finds testing boring. Well, most people anyway.

But it can easily separate the average Facebook advertisers from the elite ones. To highlight how important testing and experimentation is, let me show you something. I'm in the Facebook ads library right now and I've brought up the ads that Nike are currently running in the US.

And just look at how many ads they are currently running. Roughly 2,300. That's an insane amount of ads.

Why run that many? Nike is a company that is well known for really high quality advertising. And that certainly applies to Facebook ads and Instagram ads.

They know exactly what they are doing and have some of the best photographers, videographers, copywriters, etc. at their disposal. And yet they still feel the need to test out that many different ads at once.

And you may not have spotted this, but here it says that 14 ads use this creative in text. When I click on see ad details and I flick through them, you can see that nothing about the image or the copy changes. Only the ad ID changes, which means this exact ad is being run in 14 different ad sets.

And that means Nike is not just testing copy and creative. They are also testing things at the ad set level. Most likely targeting options, delivery settings, etc.

Now, I'm not saying that you should be testing 2000 plus ads at once. The workload involved in that is huge and you need a large team to pull that off. But we should all be testing.

I know that working out how to test and run experiments can be really confusing. So I've come up with a full list of things that you may want to test. There's a whole bunch here.

Taking notes is advised. Number one is offers. Should you offer a free consultation in your ads, a discount off people's first order, perhaps something else?

Next is targeting. And within targeting, there are lots of different elements that you can experiment with, such as audience size. Do specific audiences, broad audiences, or something in between work best for you?

Audience location, which countries, regions, etc. produce the best results for you. Detailed targeting.

We can, and often do, test dozens of different interests, demographics, behavioural targeting options. Lookalike and custom audiences. There are tons of options here as well.

Moving on from targeting, I'd recommend testing on Facebook versus off Facebook. Should you send people to your website or keep them on the platform? And along those lines, which campaign objectives should you use?

Whether you've got the new ODACs menu like I have here, or you've still got the old campaign objective menu, it's worth testing. Next is the ads themselves. I'd start with ad format.

Test the full suite and see which works best with your target audience. Are you going to use dynamic ads or create them manually? Then within your chosen ad format, what is your creative going to look like?

Are you going to use bright colours, perhaps a face? And don't stop at the ad creative. Test your ad headlines.

Are they going to include your offer or be benefit rich? You can test different hooks, short versus long copy, different style and tones. Run enough tests on the primary text and you'll get a great feel for what resonates with your audience.

And of course, don't forget about the call to action button. We've covered targeting and we've covered the ad, but there's still a whole bunch more you can test, including CBO versus ABO. Does turning on campaign budget optimisation deliver better results for you?

Then you can work out what budget is right for your business. Are you at the right level now or should you decrease it? Should you scale?

And that's not the only budget question you need to answer. Will daily budgets work best for you or should you switch to lifetime budgets? Next, you could experiment with schedules.

Is it best to leave your ads running all the time or should you be more specific? Moving back to the ad set level, you can test which optimisation for ad delivery option works best. What you see here will depend on your campaign objective, but it would be very beneficial to know if a landing page view optimisation works better than a conversion optimisation.

You can test that. And finally, placements. Facebook recommends using automatic placements, but that's not always the best option.

Feel free to save this video and go through that list again if need be. There's a lot of very important stuff in there. Now though, it's time to jump back to what I found analysing over three and a half million dollars in adspend.

And this is probably the most interesting point. It turns out that you can buy better results and the scalability that comes with that. What?

Now I'm not talking about increasing your budget here. I'm talking about hiring influencers and using them in your Facebook ads and Instagram ads. In this data that I analysed, three of the absolute best performers all used industry-specific celebrities in their ad creative.

I'm going to publish a whole new video on this topic in the next few weeks, so make sure you subscribe and keep an eye out for it.