Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about how the updates with iOS 14 are going to affect Facebook ads and it seems at this stage, we don't know of course, but it seems at this stage like those changes are going to be very very significant. That's what we're covering in this video, what's going to happen and how you can prepare for it now so that you don't suffer too much and you potentially take advantage of this situation. That's what we've been covering in this video.

Before we get into that, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button, please click that thumbs up button and go ahead and subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new for more Facebook advertising related content. So I'm actually, what you can see in front of you right now is Facebook's effectively support document if you can call it that, where they're talking about how Apple's iOS 14 release may affect your ads and there's some really interesting information in here and I think quite a few of us in the industry are kind of shocked at the impact that this seems like it's going to have. So I'm going to talk about through what's going to change, what that's going to mean and then sort of basically speculate about what the impact that might be.

We don't know. There may be that this has less of an impact than we expect it to, may have more. It may be that other changes are made alongside this that counter what's going on here.

So I have to stress that we don't exactly know what the ramification is going to be and this will be something that I'm creating lots of content on over the coming sort of weeks and months as this plays out in early 2021 and beyond. But firstly, what's going to happen? So the changes, well let me read the first paragraph.

I'm not going to read through this whole thing and I'm going to go through some important points that I think are going to be really key and I've also made some notes because I really want to stress some of the important things in. You know, this is a big one guys so definitely pay attention and you might want to take some notes as well. So this is what Facebook have said here.

Apple has announced changes with iOS 14 that will impact how we receive and process conversion events from tools like the Facebook Pixel. Okay, businesses that advertise mobile apps as well as those that optimize target and report on web conversion events from any of our business tools will be affected. That is an enormous statement, right?

Basically they're saying if you're running conversion campaigns you're going to be affected by this. Well, if you follow my stuff and what most Facebook advertisers recommend and where we see the best results, it's with conversion campaigns for the vast majority of businesses. And how is it going to be affected?

Well, they've mentioned there it's going to be affected in terms of optimization, in terms of targeting and in terms of reporting on data. Three of the main massive pillars of Facebook advertising. As I said, the extent to which it's going to be affected, we don't know yet.

I'm going to get through to some details soon. But yeah, so let's run through some of the things that are going to happen and how that's going to affect things. So one of the big ones that we're going to see in early 2021, at least as far as far as I'm aware, if I understood things correctly, is that Facebook, well, within the Facebook and Instagram apps, users are going to effectively be asked if they want that app, so in this case Facebook or Instagram, to be able to track their activity online, to be able to track the actions they take on various websites.

That's going to be basically a pop-up that occurs. Most people, I think, are going to say no. Most people are going to go, no, I don't want them to be able to track my website.

Now it'll be sort of pitched as this will help Facebook and Instagram provide you with a more personalized ad experience, so you see ads for products and services that you're interested in, as opposed to just random stuff. So not everyone's going to click no, I certainly wouldn't. I'd rather see ads, I'm going to see ads anyway on this platform, so I'd rather see ads for things that I'm interested in.

So Facebook needs that data to be able to work it out. But a lot of people will tick no, particularly with the privacy issues that have been in the press recently and all that sort of stuff. When people tick no, it seems as though Facebook, on iOS devices at least, it may well extend, Facebook may well extend these rules to other, like Android devices on a computer.

We don't really know yet. That's seemingly a bit unclear, but they may extend the rules. But on iOS devices, they will not be able to track the actions very well that people take.

Now, of course, to run a successful conversions campaign, you need to be able to tell Facebook what a conversion is and you Facebook know that using pixel data and tracking the actions people take on your website. So it seems as though that functionality is going to be impaired. So what does that mean?

That means you aren't going to be able to get, well, I should say with all this, it may mean, because we're not 100% sure, it may mean that you aren't able to see as good data as you see right now. So now we know that you can send someone through to your website and you can track if they view content, if they added to cart, if they initiated checkout, if they purchased, all that sort of stuff, depending on your business, obviously, you might not be able to get all that data. In fact, it very much seems like you won't be able to get all that data, particularly if someone is taking that action on an iOS device, which as we know represents a good chunk, not the majority, but a lot of sort of the interactions that take place post Facebook ads are going to be on an iOS device, whether it's a mobile or tablet or something like that.

So that reporting in terms of the data you see is going to be affected. But that's sort of not the only thing that that affects. It doesn't just affect your data.

You might be thinking, well, that's not an issue because I can just take it, you know, I can run a new campaign. I can see based on total sales volume, the impact that's had, yada, yada. But it also affects the optimization process, both from you as a Facebook advertiser, but also from Facebook.

Facebook relies on that data to be able to work out how to improve your campaigns. It's why campaigns that have been running a long time often improve in performance. It's because Facebook going, aha, well, you gave us this audience to advertise to, but we've worked out that within this audience, these people convert better.

We've worked out that they convert at this time of day, that they convert through these placement options, that they convert with all these different variables, right? If the ability for Facebook to work out what is a conversion and what is not a conversion goes away or is at least diminished, it's going to affect their ability to optimize and also your ability to optimize. If you can't see which ads, for example, generated the conversions and things like that.

I'm not saying that you're not going to see any of that information. It doesn't seem like that's going to be the case, right? As I said, we don't exactly know how this is going to play out at the moment, but it seems like some of that information is not going to be made available and it's going to be more difficult for you to optimize the campaigns as well.

Now, I know that some of this stuff seems very negative. I do have some positives coming out of this at the end, so please stick around for those if you're thinking, oh no, what's going on? But on the face of it, there's definitely going to be some challenges coming up with this sort of stuff.

Okay, so we know reporting is going to be affected. We know that optimization both from you as a Facebook advertiser and Facebook as a platform itself is going to be affected negatively. Another way that this is going to be affected is if Facebook is not able to track what people do online as well as they are right now, that's also going to affect targeting.

Because you've almost certainly had this experience, particularly if you're interested in Facebook and Instagram advertising, where you've all of a sudden thought about buying something or booking a trip or whatever, right? I did this recently, I've used example before, but with all the lockdowns and everything's been going on, I basically said I have a home gym in my garage. So I was researching home gym equipment and weight training plates and all that sort of stuff, right?

And as soon as I started doing that, of course, all my ads on Facebook and Instagram, I'm just full of home gym equipment, right? Now, obviously, how has that happened? Well, a big part of that is that the pixel was on a lot of the websites, you know, Facebook pixel was installed on a lot of the websites that I visited, obviously.

And therefore, Facebook can see, aha, this user is clearly in the market for these sorts of products right now, I would have been included in interests to do with weight training and home gym and exercise and equipment and things like that. Therefore, those advertisers that are advertising to those interests will have been able to, will have been automatically targeting me as I moved into that interest targeting option. Now, assume that Facebook isn't able to see that me as a Facebook user, because I've disabled, you know, I said, no, I don't want Facebook and Instagram to be able to track me online.

They aren't able to see that I'm taking those online activities. How was Facebook and Instagram going to know how to categorise me as a user in what I'm interested in? So it may be that a lot of interest targeting options are affected by this as well.

And you can see from that, from that very first thing there, you know, Facebook say businesses that advertise mobile apps, as well as those that optimise target and report on web conversion events from any of our business tools will be affected. And that's, those are the three things I've talked about, you know, the optimisation, the targeting and the reporting are all going to be affected. I've got some other notes here, I'm just going to quickly glance, there's quite a lot to unpack here.

When is this going to happen? So it seems like Facebook is going to start, it seems like this is going to happen in early 2021. I don't have a more specific timeframe than that from what I've seen, but that seems like that's when users of both Facebook and Instagram will be asked if they are happy for those apps to be able to track the activity they do online.

They're going to either be able to say yes or no. Some of the impact of this change is going to be the percentage of people that say yes or no, we don't really know that. I suspect the majority of people will say no, which, you know, on the face of it isn't great, if I'm honest.

As I said, there's some positives coming, but isn't great. And that we think is going to happen early 2021, whether that's, you know, second week of Jan or later, who knows, right? We will basically see.

Right, what else have I got here? Yeah, so I've talked about tracking, I've talked about optimisation, I've talked about targeting, three major points. Okay, a few other things I need to say at this point.

You may have been listening to this and if you're business reliant on Facebook ads or you're generating customers from Facebook ads consistently, you may be panicking a little bit. The first thing I say is, look, don't panic. We do not know what the impact of this is going to be.

We do not know if Facebook is going to come up with other ways of working out who's interested in other stuff. They do use other mechanisms for assigning interest targeting, not just online activity. So there's that.

We don't know how much data isn't going to be available. It may be that the change is very insignificant. You know, it could be that this, you know, Facebook ads is affected by 5%, 10%.

It could be that it's affected a lot more than that. And everything in between. We'll know a lot more once it starts.

So there's no point in panicking right now before you know what's going to happen. So just please try and not worry at this stage before we know in more detail. Okay, very easy to do.

It's very much human nature to sort of worry about stuff. But try your best not to. And it would not surprise me in the slightest if actually this doesn't have that much of an impact.

Okay, there's been other events that happened before where people have gone, oh, this is going to have the biggest impact in the world in Facebook advertising. And actually, it hasn't. Okay, this could be one of those may not be could be more significant.

If conversion campaigns are severely impacted, and we're forced to use other campaign objectives, then it could be more significant. But, but we will see. So don't panic at this stage, right?

I think it's fairly safe to say that this is not going to be good for the majority of Facebook advertisers in the short run. Unfortunately, I think if you're if you're using a lot of conversion campaigns, I think we are likely to see a negative impact. I said I don't know how much could be small could be large to those campaigns in the short run.

Things happen, things change, particularly in highly dynamic industries like Facebook advertising. But I think in the longer run, there can be some real real positives that come out of this. And it may well be that to get as good results as you're currently getting or you were getting previously, you have to change your approach instead of obviously giving up on the platform.

So what I mean by that is, there are a lot of sort of fair weather Facebook advertisers, I'm sure you're aware of this, hopefully you're not one of them yourself, where they kind of have a little dabble. If it's easy for them to get really good results, they'll carry on. But if they have to put in any time and effort, they're just going to give up.

If the costs rise even a little bit, they're not profitable. Not very well set up businesses, not thinking about the long term. If it gets hard in any way, they'll just jump ship, right?

There's a lot of businesses that advertise on Facebook who fall into that category. And part of that is because Facebook is such a good advertising platform, right? They, these are the sorts of businesses that test a whole bunch of different platforms.

Facebook ads works really well. Boom, let's run with that. Let's spend a load on the platform.

And they, they pop up like that. Well, a lot of those businesses are going to leave. If, if Facebook ads is negatively affected in any significant way and conversion campaigns are less effective, less profitable, a lot of those businesses are going to leave.

What does that do? That's going to reduce the cost of Facebook advertising. It's going to drop CPMs.

So it may well be that those that are willing to sort of stick through those, what may be a little bit of a difficult time, maybe a few months or so of working out new processes, come out the other side and actually a better situation because there's less competition, there's lower costs. And if you find a way and I'll, we'll certainly be working on this and I'll certainly be sharing material on this, find a way to make your campaigns really effective, you might actually end up being in a better position. Okay.

These things have happened in the past, for sure. You can make something harder and that can happen. So that is, that is a really key point that I wanted to, to get across, is that this is certainly not all doom and gloom.

On that point, I think that Facebook is taking some steps here. I mean, obviously they're reacting to what Apple have done, right? But Facebook are taking some steps here almost in self-regulation.

Like these big tech companies are self-regulating to some extent. I think for the long run, that is positive. Does that mean we're going to, you know, you're still going to be able to retarget nine different levels and that sort of stuff?

Well, most likely not. But what we don't want, those of us that work in this industry, those of us that rely, you know, we have lots of clients and there's lots of people that follow my content, that Facebook ads is a very important customer client acquisition channel for their business. They rely on it to a great extent.

We don't want severe government intervention coming in and making Facebook ads make really drastic and negative changes basically by force. If we can self-regulate to avoid a lot of that stuff coming up in the first place, and by we, I mean, you know, obviously Facebook and that lot themselves, I think there are advantages to doing that. I think that if potentially smaller steps can be taken voluntarily, it'll stop really large steps being taken by force.

So I think there's some recognition of we have to know in this industry that there are people concerned about privacy issues and tracking and all that sort of stuff and we want to get ahead of that, right? Okay. Right.

What do I see, what do I think is going to happen most likely with how this is going to go going forward? I think Facebook will be working tremendously hard on this issue at the moment and trying to make sure that their advertisers aren't negatively impacted much, as little as possible, if at all. Because obviously they do not, Facebook do not want to lose advertisers.

Advertisers are their customers and that's what props up the, you know, multi, multi, multi-billion dollar valuation that the company has. If advertisers leave, they're going to suffer. So Facebook is going to do everything it can to prevent that from happening.

I think that they may well come up with stuff that I can't predict right now. I think that there are other ways that things can be done so you can achieve a similar outcome but perhaps with a different setup. So I would say the balance of most service-based businesses now, the majority of them are running conversion campaigns, generating leads via their website.

If this change has a big impact on conversion campaigns to a website, does the shift turn more towards lead ad campaigns going forward? I don't know at this stage, it may well do. There are concerns about lead ad campaigns around the quality, but if that becomes the norm and adjustments are made and things like that, that concern may well go away.

We may see that lead ads perform particularly well. Instead of Facebook being able to track what happens to a lot of e-commerce stores, like external e-commerce stores, because they're not able to track, target, optimize, etc. as well, are people going to be doing, using Facebook shops and doing more stuff on Facebook?

Because of course Facebook will be able to track all of that. You know, if you're taking actions, if people are taking actions on Facebook, then Facebook's still going to be able to track that information and use that for targeting, for optimization, for delivery and things along those lines. It's why they say here, you know, businesses that advertise mobile apps or those that optimize, target and report on web conversion events are going to be affected.

They're not talking about if you're running a lead ad campaign or on Facebook specific campaigns. And that's maybe, and you know, when I say Facebook could be similar to Instagram as well. Maybe that's the direction that we end up taking.

What I'm trying to get at here is that there's certainly going to be opportunities out of any change that is made. Okay. It may well be that some of your competitors stop advertising if they can't work it out.

If you can work it out, you might win out of these changes. Even though on the face of it, they seem negative towards Facebook advertisers. If you're involved in the industry as an agency standpoint, like I own a Facebook ads agency, what do I think is going to happen?

I think that this change in the short run might be fairly positive for our business models. Because I think if we can sort of lead the way and work out how to get good results under a new paradigm, if indeed that's what happens, you know, we may see that the changes are very insignificant and all of this is sort of worrying about nothing. But if we do see things shift significantly, more and more Facebook advertisers, more and more business advertising on Facebook that perhaps used to have good results and ran it themselves now need expert help to help them out.

So it could, again, in a sort of funny way, be good for you if you were involved in the selling Facebook ads services space in the in the agency game. Whenever there's changes, there's always challenges and there's always opportunities. And I think we're most likely going to see changes here.

Can't say for sure. I think we're most likely. And I think it's going to be challenging and there's going to be opportunities.

And I think if you go into this with the right mindset of you know what, no matter what changes they make, I'm going to work out how to make it work for my business. Because for Facebook ads to work for your business, just like any sort of marketing platform that's a competitive environment, you don't have to hit like some arbitrary goal. You just have to out-compete your competition.

Because the cost of Facebook ads is always going to drop to the point at which it's profitable for most advertisers. Because if it wasn't, those people would stop advertising and the cost would keep coming down. Like it's always going to find that equilibrium, right, where it's still profitable for the majority of advertisers.

Otherwise, people would stop advertising and the price would drop, drop, drop until you reach that point. So in order to win with the platform, no matter what changes, no matter what changes they make, you have to out-compete the competition in order for it to be profitable for you. That may mean that CPM's half or dropped by, you know, 5%, who knows?

So if you go into the attitude of like, I'm going to do a better job with this than my competition, I know that that means I will still be able to advertise on Facebook going forward. And it may well be an opportunity for me if I can work out new and innovative ways of making things happen, if the odd way of doing things has not worked out as well. So as I said, we don't really know what's going to happen.

That's some of the thought process. I would strongly recommend going through this document. If you've got app install campaigns, there's more information around here.

You can see that Facebook talk about, there's other things, by the way, there's like ad creation limits. As you can see in here, there are attribution window limits. So we're no longer be able to track 28 day click.

It's going all the way down to seven day click, I believe. I went through this before. Yeah.

28 day click is gone. 28 day view through is gone. Seven day view through is gone.

So we're going to be limited. So you will, won't be, if someone clicks on an ad today and buys in two weeks time, you won't be able to see that in your Facebook ad account going forward from when they implement these changes. So that might mean that your Facebook ad results look worse in the, in the short run, particularly when the changes made.

So again, don't panic. If you look back historic data and be like, why has that gone worse? It's just because of how the data is reported.

Nothing's really changed in, in, in customer donations. So a few other things in here, they talk about targeting limitations, dynamic ad limitations. I'm going to probably almost certainly create a specific video for that.

I wanted to talk about this as a top level, what we think is going to happen. And we will be drilling in a hundred percent into some of the specifics, like, you know, they're talking about here, dynamic ads. You can only have eight conversion events.

That's going to affect some businesses, not others. Um, we will be drilling down into the technical details of those as, and when they become, you know, they become, um, they sort of come to fruition. They become very, very impactful.

Okay. Hopefully that has been useful. Now, one thing I want to mention before you go is a, well, my free Facebook ads mastermind group.

So it's a free Facebook group, um, full of Facebook advertisers, just like yourself. There is already been, and there is going to be a ton more discussion around iOS 14, the effects that's going to have on Facebook advertising and Instagram advertising in my Facebook group. So I would strongly recommend that you, uh, that you go ahead and join.

We have almost 60,000 members as of the recording this video. So it's an amazing online community full of, as I said, people just like you. I do free live trainings in there.

I also release content into there and I'm going to be doing a lot of content on iOS 14 updates and how that affects things. I think that's probably one of the biggest things to affect the industry in, in, in a while. Um, so yeah, we'd love to have you, uh, have you in there.

If this video has been useful, please give it a thumbs up. Please, um, subscribe to my channel. If you're new, please comment below to let me know if you've got questions, things like that.

I try my best to get to all the comments. I can't quite manage all of them, but I, I do try my best. Um, oh, actually one thing I want to quickly mention that, um, my, uh, my, my sales team will be, uh, be annoyed if I don't, and that's our Facebook advertising services.

So my company lead guru is a Facebook ads agency. We create, manage and optimize campaigns. And if you want to help, if you want help improving performance, you want to get campaigns up and running, or you want a company who's going to be on top of things and professional and working out how we deal with these adjustments, we can, uh, we can very much do that for you.

So best thing to do would be to book a free call with one of my team members link in the video description below. Just go ahead and click on that. There's also a link for the Facebook ads mastermind group in the video description below.

I should have mentioned that. So yeah, links in the video description below that'll take you through to a page on our website where you can book a call directly on with our, with our sales team. And, um, they can basically find out more about your business, explain how service works, see if we'd be a good fit and, and go from there.

But, um, but yeah, one is quickly mentioned that before the end. Thanks a lot guys. Best of luck at your Facebook ad campaigns, guys.

Get ready for what's to come and I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now. Bye bye.