Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to be discussing the question is your Facebook ad strategy outdated? I see a lot of Facebook advertisers using very much outdated Facebook ad strategies that are just simply not going to work for their businesses. I also see a lot of people who are really trying to stay on the cutting edge of what the latest and best strategies are.

They're changing their sales funnel every few months trying to figure out something that will work for them. So I think it's important for me to sort of discuss those two options and explain what I think you should be doing, what I think the best approach is when it comes to your Facebook ad strategy going forward. Before I get into that I want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button, please click that thumbs up button and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already.

That is always much appreciated. Okay so I'm in an example Facebook ad account here and I'm at the campaign level and you can see I've got the create new campaign window open. I'm at the campaign objective level because I think when when people talk about Facebook ad strategy and sales funnels they often correlate those with the campaign objective and that's obviously it's not the whole story but that's obviously part of it.

Now if we think of say the last 10 years almost 10 years of Facebook advertising, say eight years of Facebook advertising, the best approaches to Facebook ads has certainly changed. Okay that is a fairly non-controversial statement. At the beginning when we first started running ads on Facebook and you'd have probably you know if you were paying attention to this sort of stuff at that time you'd have seen loads of stuff in the media where people are talking about Facebook ads aren't going to work, you know people talking about the valuations on things like Facebook being ridiculous, Facebook ads aren't going to work, people don't buy ads from social media platform, people don't buy based on ads from social media platforms, they're there to you know talk to their friends and all that sort of stuff okay it is what was talked about.

So doing the more direct approaches where you'd run like a conversions campaign and you go directly for a purchase or directly for a lead was very ineffective, was very hit or miss and it didn't really work because people just weren't really familiar. The users were like what ad I don't know about this, they didn't really interact with them, perhaps didn't trust them. Relatively quickly that became not the case, people sort of did a bit here, did a bit there, saw their friends interacting with ads and they gradually got used to them and now people are very very familiar with Facebook and Instagram ads and talk about it all the time and all that sort of stuff and even people who aren't involved in the advertising industry at all will talk about how crazy it is, the specificity with which you know they get retargeted and all those sorts of things.

So for I would say a good you know five years at least, yeah I've been five years, and going for I do more direct approach for most businesses, not all for most businesses has been the best Facebook ad strategy to go directly for the purchase and go directly for a lead. So people when they were perhaps have started with traffic campaigns and then done a lot of retargeting, so retargeting with conversion campaigns, you know say 2013 that sort of time frame, 2014, you know over a few years later would then start to switch more towards a more direct approach as users became more more familiar with it. So in terms of the structure and the strategy, I think when I'm talking about outdated Facebook ad strategies what I'm often talking about is people running campaigns like a traffic or reach or a brand awareness first and then looking to retarget and potentially having multiple layers of retargeting.

So they just have one layer of retargeting, they have three or four layers of retargeting. To me that's quite outdated, you still see a lot of people doing it, you still see a lot of people recommending it. There are definitely businesses having success with outdated strategies, I'm going to get more onto that in a minute.

So it's not like you can just, you should just completely abandon all that stuff and never go anywhere near it. That's not true. But it's not what I would recommend the majority of advertisers to do, would be to have a traffic campaign, retarget with one, you know maybe target with another traffic campaign or a video views campaign, then retarget with a conversions campaign.

Those sorts of like warming up processes in a sales funnel before you then go for the conversions campaign. There are obvious exceptions, I'm going to get some of those in a second. There are massive exceptions where you absolutely need to warm people up, but for a lot of businesses a more direct approach works best.

But, so that's the less direct approach I feel is quite outdated now and that changed and really came into its own maybe five years ago. But since over the last five years the strategies that we have used have very much remained consistent when it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising. Now the tactics and techniques, so the detail of how you put things together, how you construct sales funnels and stuff like that has obviously improved and changed quite a bit and that changes at quite a fast pace.

You know even two years from now, well even a year, but definitely two years from now there will be adjustments to be made and things along those lines. But the core sales funnel structure or the strategy has been fairly consistent for the last five years and I think now that people are more familiar with advertising on the platform, I don't see those changing a huge amount. And I think that's going to surprise a lot of people because they think digital marketing is super fast paced, it changes all the time, how can it not change that much going forward?

I think it's because there's only so much people can change over a certain period of time. Once they're used to something like ads on a platform, the sort of emotional triggers that need to take place to get people to take action are going to be the same five years from now as they are today. More or less there might be slight adjustments but basically that's going to be true.

So a lot of strategies and strategy being like the higher level how do we construct a sales funnel, how do we get someone to get to the place where they're willing to buy, I think are going to be very consistent over the next five years. Some of the tactics and techniques are going to change. So there's going to be nuances like we use a lot more lookalike audiences than we perhaps did five or six years ago, right?

That's like a tactic within an overall strategy. A technique is to use lookalike audiences. So things like that are going to adjust but the overall sales funnel structure and strategy is going to stay the same.

I mean one example that I really want that I want to give to highlight this is let's say a webinar funnel. Now how long have people been using webinars, a webinar sales funnel where you run ads to get people to sign up for your webinar, they sign up for your webinar, your webinar gives people free content and then sells them a product or a service at the end of that. People have been running that sort of sales funnel for well over 10 years, I'm sure people were doing it 15 years ago, I'm sure people were doing it before then, but that sort of online advertising webinar sales funnel has been very very effective for a long time.

Now some people say that webinars don't work anymore, absolutely not true. We run campaigns for a whole bunch of businesses that use webinars, I use webinars perfectly, for the right type of business they can work really really well okay, they can work really well so don't think they don't work. And so why has the webinar strategy been around for in digital marketing terms so long without becoming ineffective?

It's because of how basically people operate. So most people who are selling stuff at the end of webinars are selling things like relatively high-end courses, training programs, services, coaching, things like that. Right, well in order to buy a training program, a course, a service from someone, high-end service, what do you need to, what sort of boxes do you need to tick before you're ready to buy it from someone?

You need to know that that person knows what they're talking about, you need to know that you're going to get a good deal from wherever you buy, you need to know that whatever they're offering can help you achieve the objectives that you want to do, it's appropriate for you. There's a few others but those are sort of the main ones. A webinar is a fantastic way to show that.

In a relatively short period of time you can demonstrate your expertise, you can show your prospects how you can help them get the results they want to get, you can develop a relationship with them to some extent, you can tick a lot of boxes quickly and effectively and that's why they work right and that's why they will continue to work because when people are buying courses on you know whatever in five, ten years time they're still going to want the same boxes ticked before they are ready to go ahead and buy. Okay, so that strategy of a webinar funnel has been effective for a long time, is effective right now and will continue to be effective. Now of course the software's and the tactics and techniques change, right?

So you know 15 years ago there wasn't any ever webinar to make it look like you're constantly doing live ones or you know or to have that nice fresh interactive feel. Email autoresponders weren't as sophisticated as they are now. So the tactics and techniques have improved but the strategy stays.

Okay, and I really want to get that across. Once you have reached, let's say you've got a platform like Facebook advertising, once you've got a Facebook ad strategy that is suitable for a mature advertising platform and I think Facebook hit that around 2015-ish as a mature advertising platform as in there were advertisers that established best practices, users were expecting ads and knew, were comfortable interacting with them. Yes, Facebook's grown a lot since then and the advertising platform's grown and all that sort of stuff and things have changed but it's still been in the realm of a mature advertising platform.

I think once you've got a Facebook ad strategy that works for that, that should continue to work for a long time. That shouldn't go anywhere. So I would be really, so try and get away from a lot of the outdated multi-multi levels of retargeting, complex sales funnels, having to do lots and lots of warming people up before they buy a $40 product which is unnecessary.

Try and get away from that. So you don't want to be running those outdated ones which worked when Facebook advertising was quite new. But once you've got a Facebook ad strategy that you're comfortable with that works for today's Facebook advertising, don't try and change it up thinking this is how I'm going to have success.

Oh, I've just got the wrong sales funnel structure and you try a different sales funnel structure every month or two, which I've seen happen tons by the way, and it's just not the right way to go. You end up bouncing from one thing to another, you never get any consistency, things have temporary success. Instead, identify strategies, Facebook ad strategies that you know work and I can certainly help you with that and then if that's not working for you, instead of thinking I've got the wrong strategy, try and improve the elements.

Like if someone like me says like this strategy will work for your business, that's true. It will work for your business. Like I'm not making it up, it's based on agency clients, we spend millions and millions of dollars on Facebook ads, we know what works and what doesn't, right?

If it's not working for you, that's probably because you need to improve the various elements of your Facebook advertising campaign and the subsequent steps in your sales funnel as opposed to just tearing it up and finding a new strategy and that will be true for many years. Hopefully that's a bit of a, provides a bit of relief for some that get stressed and concerned about operating with tons of different sales funnels and trying to over complicate things and all that sort of stuff. It's like no, keep it simple but make it better.

Let's go back to a webinar strategy, one that I'm a big fan of, right? There are, you know, a few different elements to that. You've got your initial lead magnet, your initial campaign to get people to register for the webinar.

You've got perhaps a retargeting campaign after someone's been through the webinar. You've got the webinar itself and you've got your email autoresponder to get people to sell, to buy whatever it is and then perhaps say a sales page at the end of the webinar, something like that, right? Roughly five elements.

Go through each one of those and see how good you can make each one. Right, my email autoresponder. So my webinar isn't working.

Instead of generating a 3x ROAS like I want it to, it's generating a 1.5x ROAS. I want to improve things. Okay, can I get an email marketing expert in to help me create a really, really good email autoresponder?

Okay, that takes me from 1.5x ROAS to a 1.8x ROAS. Fantastic. Can I improve this webinar?

Can I re-record it? Can I improve the slides? My initial Facebook ad campaign, what could be improved here?

Can I create some better creative? Can I improve the webinar registration page? Go through each element and improve them and stick to your Facebook ad strategy that works well.

And I said I'm going to help you on that and here's how I'm going to do it. I've created a free webinar called 3 Killer Facebook Ad Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. Now in that webinar I give you, as you can see, three different strategies, three different sales funnels that you can use that are very much relevant and current.

As I said, tactics and techniques and things might change but you will be able to use these strategies for a decade. Of that I am very, very confident. And in that webinar I sort of break each of these three down into their component parts.

I also explain what type of, which one of those three or perhaps which two of those three you want to use depending on your business. Now I've already said that a more direct approach works for a lot of Facebook advertisers, particularly ones who are selling lower value products or relatively easy to understand services. It doesn't work for all, okay?

For some you need a webinar approach, for others you know you wouldn't want to use a webinar sales funnel to sell an e-commerce product unless it's a you know a $1200 e-commerce product but you know most aren't right. Likewise you wouldn't want to use a direct offer approach to sell high-end coaching services. So I break them down and go right if you've got this business you need this strategy.

And then once you you know you've got that Facebook ad strategy, you know it's not outdated, you know that it's current relevant and will continue to work, you can then dedicate your resources, your time and effort to making that as good as it can possibly be as opposed to constantly jumping between strategy, between sales funnel which I don't think is helpful or productive or the right way to go. Okay? So a link is in the description to this free webinar.

Go ahead and check it out, completely free and I think you'll be very glad I did. And yes at the end I am selling a course which you may or may not choose to buy depending on your circumstances but you can see the exact process that I've just sort of described. So hopefully this video has been useful.

A couple of things I want to mention, well alongside the webinar. The first is our Facebook Ads Mastermind Groups. We currently have 72,000 members in our Facebook Ads Mastermind Group.

It's a Facebook group by the way. Amazing community full of Facebook advertisers just like you. I do free live trainings in there, people asking questions, answering them, great community.

Please go ahead and join if that sounds like something you want to be part of. Links in the description and it's completely free. And the other thing I want to mention is our Facebook Advertising Services.

So my company Lead Guru is a Facebook Advertising Agency. We specialize in Facebook and Instagram Ad campaigns and if you want to get better results from Facebook Ads and you have at least a 3k per month budget we can help you achieve that. So there'll be another link in the video description where you can click through to our website and book a call with one of my team members who'll be able to describe how our service works, our pricing, find out a bit more about your business.

We may well have worked with a business just like yours in the past. And yeah, if you want to go ahead with the service we can send over the details and make that happen. But it's no obligation, 30 minute call.

All we require is you've got a 3k monthly budget in order to work with us. Best of luck with your Facebook Ad campaigns guys and yeah, please smash a like on the video, please subscribe to the channel and I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now, bye.