Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video I'm going to show you how to advertise on Facebook as quickly as possible. No one wants long-winded videos, so I'm gonna show you the quickest and easiest way to get started with Facebook advertising whilst making sure that your campaigns are actually still effective, because that's important. So, first thing you wanna do is come into Facebook's Ads Manager.

You do not want to boost posts from your page. It's a lot more effective coming to Ads Manager. The way you do that, I'm already in Ads Manager, is what you can see.

The way you do that is you click on the little button, the top right-hand side there. That'll bring a, when you're in your Facebook account, that'll bring a menu down, and one of them will be Manage Adverts, Manage Ads, something along those lines, Create Ad, Create Ads. Click on that, that will come into here.

Right, once you're in here, you wanna click this green button, green Create button, and we want to go about creating our campaign. So, first thing you wanna do is obviously just give your campaign a name, call it Example Campaign. Buying Type, Leavers Auction, Campaign Objective.

For, if you wanna get started as fast as possible, go ahead with Traffic. For the vast majority of people, you should be using the Convergence Objective. Convergence is all about generating sales and generating leads, and that's most likely what you want, particularly when you first get started.

To run the Convergence Campaign, you're going to need to have the Facebook Pixel installed on your website. I will include a link in the description of this video to another video that shows you exactly how to install the Facebook Pixel on your website. Very, very important.

Your results will be better. Trust me, do it. Give your ad set a name, and then give your ad a name.

Three components to a Facebook ad campaign. There's the campaign, the ad set, and the ad. Then you wanna go ahead and click Save to Draft, and now we need to go through and assess all the various options.

Campaign is ready. Nothing needs to be done with that. Let's click into the ad set.

So if you're running the Convergence Campaign, the first thing you need to do is decide what event you want to optimize for. So let's say you've got a Shopify store, an eCommerce type store, and you want to generate purchases. We could go ahead and pop in the purchase event code.

As you say, see there, we haven't had any conversion in seven days, because we're not an eCommerce store, our website. But that's the sort of thing you wanna do in there. Scrolling down, set your budget, whatever you want to be.

Start with something that you can afford to lose, is my recommendation. Don't worry about custom audiences if you're just getting started. Then you need to enter in your location.

If you operate on a local basis, make sure you add in the city that you operate in, the area, all that sort of stuff. If not, use the country or multiple countries that you advertise in. Age and gender.

I would recommend you get started by adding in your most, what you think encapsulates the majority of your audience. So for example, you might have men that are, let's say, 25 to 45. And go ahead and start with something like that.

Don't overthink it. You see in the UK, there's still 10 million people that meet that criteria. Now, detailed targeting.

You don't want to overthink this. This is not going to be that complicated. So we're advertising to men aged 25 to 45.

Let's say the business that we're using here, sells tennis apparel, something along those lines. Okay, so we now want to add in something that's closely related to tennis. How about people that are interested in tennis?

Make sure you get the right option here, not employers. You want interests if you're looking to target people with interest in tennis. Okay, that leaves us an audience of 1.9 million people.

That's on the larger side, but not too big. We could go ahead and test that. But we might want to be a little bit more specific in the UK.

Perhaps we could go with something like Andy Murray. He's probably got a smaller audience. That might be a bit more specific.

530,000, absolutely perfect. We're selling tennis apparel. We've got men aged 25 to 45.

And we're going people that are interested in Andy Murray, who if you're not familiar, is a famous tennis player. Everything else, when you're first getting started, you can leave as is. Use automatic placements is fine.

Leave conversions as is. Leave the conversion window as is. Don't worry about a cost control and that's everything you need to get set up at the ad set level.

There are tons of options, but you realize that when you're first getting started, you can leave those blank for the most part. Okay, now time to go into the ad. So click on the third option down here.

And we're going to look to load things up. So make sure you've got the right Facebook page there selected and scroll down. When you're first getting started, let's just go with a single image ad.

So if you're selling tennis apparel, something along those lines, you're likely to have images of your product that you're going to want to use, in which case just go ahead and upload those. Assuming that your business doesn't have that sort of setup, you can come in and click stock when you're first getting started. Search for something related to your industry and go ahead and use a stock image.

So let's say for example, we're not selling tennis apparel in this case, because you're just going to have images of your product that you're going to need to include in your ads. Let's say we're offering tennis lessons or coaching and we don't have any imagery. You go ahead, enter tennis in here, and a bunch of great different options will come up.

We could go ahead and use something like that. Pop that in. Of course, you can test different options if you want, but you just want to go ahead with the options that you think are most likely to perform very, very well.

That's automatically gone in a square. I'm happy with that for the time being. If you wanted to change that, you could select crop image and you could make it horizontal instead, crop the various elements.

No, no, I'm happy with square. It's going to look like that in my Facebook ad campaign. Okay, so in your ad level, there's the image, which is obviously an important part.

Oh, by the way, all these shutter stock little things, they won't be in there when it actually runs, when the ad actually runs. The text in here. Now, you want to keep it very simple to start with.

We're talking one or two lines. Why do people want to buy this product? Okay, so that could be a number of reasons.

That could be because the product's amazing and you need to talk about the product benefits. It could be that you're currently running a sale, you're offering a discount while stocks last, all that sort of thing. So you could have something like, I'm just thinking off the top of my head here, professional grade tennis.

I'm not 100% sure how to spell rackets, to be honest. Let's go with that. See if it doesn't like it.

Professional grade tennis rackets for amateur prices. Hurry whilst... It's not a type.

Hurry whilst stocks last. Nah, I don't really like that. For amateur prices.

Let's go with 50% off sale ends Tuesday at midnight. Facebook ad campaigns always work better. With urgency.

So let's say the tennis racket that you're selling in this particular ad is a well-known brand. It's something people know. Professional grade tennis rackets for amateur prices.

Just the sort of thing that's going to pop out. Spend some more time and think about this. I'm trying to show you how to advertise on Facebook as quickly as possible here.

But spend some time about this. Make sure this is right. Think about the benefits of your product or service.

Include a little bit of information in here. You do not need to overthink it. Obviously then pop in your website URL.

Display link is on the website URL. That's the link. That's the link.

And then you'll see if you want to see more of the best of your product or service. So let's say the tennis racket that you're selling in this particular ad is a well-known brand. It's something people know.

Professional grade tennis rackets for amateur prices. Just sort of thing that's going to pop out. Spend some more time and think about this.

I'm trying to show you how to advertise on Facebook as quickly as possible here. So you can also put in your website URL. Display link is optional.

You would just normally put in, again, the root of your domain name of your website. So tennisrackets.com, for example. Headline.

Headline, you want to be the thing that you want to stand out the most when you're advertising on Facebook. So in this case, if we're running a 50% off sale, that's what we put in there. 50% off sale for all X tennis rackets.

I'm not sure the rackets is right. Someone in the comments let me know how you spell rackets. I'll look it up after the video.

Okay. 50% off all X would just be the brand name. Something like that.

That would really grab people's attention. So I don't really know brand names. I don't know tennis that well, to be honest.

But let's say it's Slazinger or something. 50% off sale for all Slazinger tennis rackets if they make them. That's the sort of thing that people are interested in tennis.

They're scrolling through their newsfeed and they see, wow, 50% off for this really good brand of tennis racket that I really enjoy. Yes, I'm going to click on that. That's going to make me take action.

Fairly straightforward if you're running a sale or something like that. If you're not, again, the best benefit of your product. Make sure you mention what it is, what you're talking about.

So whatever the product or service is, include it in the ad. If you're running a service, for example, we're talking about the free tennis lessons. You could go with free initial tennis lessons for in, and then whatever town you happen to be in.

In, I live in Sirencester in the UK. Free initial tennis lesson in Sirencester. Something like that.

So you're selling tennis lessons, but you're giving one free to start with. Boom. Again, that's going to grab people's attention.

Scrolling through their Facebook newsfeed and they see, oh, wow, in my city, they're offering free tennis lessons. Great. I'll have one of those and see how it goes.

Just the sort of offer that's going to convert. Newsfeed link description. You don't need to include anything in there.

If you do, I would go with something like this. Click here to book your free initial tennis lesson. Or click here to take advantage of our 50% off sale.

Just something like that. You will see on the right-hand side that you have a preview. This is what the ad will look like on a mobile device in the Facebook newsfeed.

There are a bunch of different options up here. So the newsfeed, you could go with desktop newsfeed. There are lots of different options.

This will, obviously, the ad will look different in different placements. So you can see the preview. And you can see here, you've got that newsfeed link description in there.

Right, last part, we're rattling through this very, very quickly, is the call to action button. This learn more here. The option that you want to use here is the one that best describes the action that you want people to take.

If we were selling tennis rackets like we started with this ad, I would go ahead and click shop. Now, if you're offering a service, like a free initial tennis lesson, we'd probably go with sign up. If it's a bit more vague than that, not such a specific offer as a free consultation, free lesson, something like that.

I would go with learn more. So for this particular offer, I would go with sign up. I mean, we've got a bit of a blend of two ads here, but hopefully you can see the sort of thing that I'm here.

Up here, we're selling tennis rackets down here. We're selling tennis lessons, but hopefully you can see the sort of thing that I'm talking about. Then you want to go ahead and click publish and your campaign is good to go.

Make sure you've got a budget level that is right here in the ad set. And that's how you get started. So I've just done this in just over 10 minutes.

You can create a whole brand new Facebook ad campaign from scratch in less than 10 minutes and get it up and going. Obviously, you want to come back in a few days and adjust things and improve them and learn from that. But don't be afraid to get started.

You can do so quickly. Learning how to advertise on Facebook is not very difficult, as you can see, and you can get cracking and get results. And the first step is always the hardest one.

Okay. Hopefully you found that video useful. If you did, please give it a thumbs up.

Subscribe to my channel. Got any questions? Comment below.

Someone please tell me how to spell racket because I'm sure I've got that wrong. And one thing I want to mention before you go is my five part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free. This ad template includes some of the best performing ads we've created for a number of different clients.

So you can download that for free. You can model from the ads. It can really help you improve your Facebook ad performance if you're a little bit lost when it comes to this ad stage, which a lot of Facebook advertisers are.

To download that, click on the link in the video description below. That'll take you to a page on my website and you will be able to download it there. Thanks a lot, guys.

Bye-bye.