Right now we're in the middle of one of the biggest changes we've ever seen to Facebook ads tracking. Ever since iOS 14.5 was released, that messed up our data. We've had issues with reporting, getting accurate results from our ad campaigns, and we've had to do a whole bunch of extra complicated technical stuff in order to get still rather inaccurate data.

Well, I'm very pleased to tell you that all that is changing. So to show you what this change is, I'm in an example ad account here. I'm in ads manager.

You go ahead and click on these three little lines and then select events manager. I've got it up in shortcuts. You may not.

It may be down below, but you will have events manager. If you click through on that, you will most likely see a pop-up that looks something like this. And basically what's happening is that aggravated event measurement is being retired.

It's gone. It was literally removed from a bunch of our ad accounts a couple of days ago. Some people had it happen a few weeks ago, but it's happening to everyone.

And you can see there's some more information that Meta provides here. So they've said that you can now optimize for more than eight web events as part of aggregated event measurement. Related to this, you no longer need to set up and prioritize web events, nor select a domain for iOS 14.5 plus in events manager.

There's nothing you need to do for any of these changes. So this aggravated events measurement tool that was brought in after the iOS 14.5 really messed up the data that we could see from the actions that people took on iOS devices after they clicked on our ads and come through to our website. We had to set up eight web events on a priority list.

We had to verify our domain. We had to do all this stuff to get data that still wasn't completely accurate come through. We don't have to do any of that anymore.

Aggravated event measurement has been removed. This is great news for advertisers. And you'll know whether or not this has already taken place in your ad account.

Because when you come into events manager, you will simply see that aggravated event measurement is not there as it isn't in this ad account right here. So let's break this down a little because this is a really big deal. I'm kind of a big deal.

So for those who aren't familiar with aggravated event measurement, or perhaps you set this up a couple of years ago when it first came up and you've forgotten how it works since. It was a tool that you needed to use to run Facebook ads and get better data, whereby you would configure your eight conversion events in priority order. And the reason why you had to set a prioritization list was because you were only able to track the highest priority conversion event that someone did if they were on an iOS device.

So let's say someone clicked on, they're on an iPhone, they click on your ad, they come through to your website, and they view a bunch of pages, it triggers that conversion event, they initiate checkout, triggers that conversion event, they add to cart, triggers that conversion event, and then they purchase. All you would see for that individual was the purchase, assuming that purchase was your highest priority conversion event. So you wouldn't see all the other conversion events that that person may have taken.

And this was obviously not ideal, but it was much better that we had that one, and we were only allowed to track one than having no data at all. So that's one of the things you have to do. You don't have to do that anymore, which is fantastic.

You also don't need to verify your domain anymore. Previously, you had to verify your domain first to prove ownership of it so that you could then configure your conversion events and establish that priority list that we talked about. As I said, it was quite complicated and quite technical, particularly if you're not familiar with it, you don't need to verify your domain anymore.

It's still a recommended step, I'd still recommend that you do it, there are other reasons for doing so. But the main reason for doing it previously was this, that's no longer necessary. Now again, that saves advertisers the hassle of having to set that up, it can get a bit complicated and technical, which is good.

But I think this is actually a game changer for people that generate conversions via third party websites, which is a lot of advertisers. If people aren't just going through to your website and purchasing there, if they're signing up for a webinar using a third party system or purchasing using some other software or going to a place where you aren't able to verify that you own the domain because you simply don't own the domain, think Amazon, for example, but you want to be able to track conversions, you can now do so because you don't need to get the domain verified. So this is really, really useful for advertisers in that situation.

Now, I do want to be clear that you still need to have the Metapixel installed on your website if you want to track the actions that people take after they click on your ads and come through to your website. That's still an important step, but you don't need to do any of the other stuff anymore, which is great. This basically takes us from a tracking standpoint back to where we were pre-iOS 14.5, which is great.

Most advertisers would much prefer that. It's easier. All good news.

So we also need to talk about what this means for us advertisers other than simply saving us some time and not having those extra items on our to-do list, which is great. Before I get into action, I want to quickly mention our done-for-you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. So if you'd like my company to create, manage, and optimize your campaigns on an ongoing basis, that's a service that we offer.

There's a link in the video description down below. You can click on that, book a call, a free call with one of my team members who can explain what we do, what we charge, how we might be able to help. You can find out more information.

So if you're interested, go ahead and book a call, and hopefully we get a chance to work together. So the big question is, why are Meta making this change? Why?

Why? Why? I think that the function that aggravated event measurement had is still going to take place.

I don't think that's going away, but I think it's going to be taken care of automatically by Meta behind the scenes, and we don't have to do it as advertisers. For example, if we still want to be able to track the actions that people are making on our website on iOS devices, a lot of the same rules apply. That's not governed by Meta as a company.

A lot of that stuff is what Apple have introduced. So we're still going to have to have, for example, a conversion event priority list and only be able to track certain actions that those users take. And I think the way that's going to work, if we don't have to do it manually, is it's going to happen automatically.

Let's say, for example, you've got a bunch of campaigns in your ad account that are optimizing for purchases. Well, I think Meta is going to automatically put purchase at the top of your priority list, and that's what you're going to be able to track provided the iOS users take that action and it comes through into your ad account. I think if you were to change that and optimize for leads or a different conversion event, then it'll all be moved around automatically.

In an ideal world, this would happen dynamically so that the conversion event could change really quickly depending on what you're doing and could capture more data for more different types of campaigns that are running simultaneously and get better information on those users. It could, for example, switch really quickly from purchase to leads depending on what's going on in real time in your ad account. I don't know whether that's going to happen.

It might do, but I definitely think that the overall look of our ad account and what we're optimizing for, that will go to the top of our priority list in terms of our conversion events and our tracking and we'll get that data in through. I can't believe that Meta would make this change and do away with this feature if it was going to hurt tracking. They know that's really important for us advertisers, important for them as a platform.

So I think that we're likely to see no difference to the quality of the data that comes through to our ad account, or we might see an improvement. Like I said, if they're able to change this dynamically, that would improve the results that are coming through. If they no longer feel that verifying a domain is necessary, that's certainly likely to improve the quality of the data and the results that come through, which is really helpful as advertisers because we know exactly what conversions we're generating, what they cost.

It allows us to make better decisions around, do we spend more? Do we scale? Do we turn an ad off?

Do we turn an ad set off? Do we test new options? All those decisions come from being able to see what's actually going on in our ad account.

And I think we're either going to see no drop off or most likely an improvement in that based on a few things that I've already mentioned, which is great. That's great news for us advertisers. One of the biggest change to tracking two years ago, just over when iOS 14.5 came in, we had a real hit to our tracking and it looks like finally we're making big improvements to get back to where we were.

There are so many changes happening to Facebook ads right now, and I'm doing my best to keep you updated with it all. So make sure you're subscribed. I'd also recommend that you check out this video.

There are huge changes going on to Facebook ads targeting right now. In this video, I walk you through a brand new feature that is a complete game changer when it comes to targeting. Go ahead and check it out.