Okay, this is a big one. Perhaps the most important Facebook ads video I've ever done. Because the AI era of Facebook and Instagram advertising has truly begun.

So it begins. And what Mark Zuckerberg wants to do to MetaAds, to Facebook and Instagram advertising, the changes he wants to make to the ad platform are honestly mind-blowing. I have lots of people reach out recently asking for my opinion on what Mark said and the changes that are likely to happen to MetaAds.

They know I have contacts within the company. I've just gotten back from the Performance Marketing Summit in San Jose where Meta shared tons of very interesting new AI features amongst other things that I'll be telling you about. So in this video, I want to go through what Mark said, what Meta's plans are with their ad platform and what that's going to do to us MetaAdvertisers, the impact it's going to have whether you work in the industry in an agency or you run MetaAds for your own business.

Big changes are definitely coming. Let's go through it. So let's start with the bigger picture and then we'll get into the specifics of what's coming.

I've got a bunch of notes, things to run through because this really is a seismic change when it comes to the advertising industry. So recently, Mark Zuckerberg said that Meta aims to fully automate ad creation using AI. Now, we've heard that sort of thing before, but we've now got more details and there's some other added bits that really are kind of crazy.

So how would this work in practice, right? So Meta have provided us with some more information since he made those comments on what that would look like in the real world, right? So a brand would present an image of their product to Meta, basically.

Here's an image of my product. They would let Meta know how much they're willing to pay to sell it. So they provide budgetary information, basically.

And then Meta would handle everything else, right? So Meta would handle the delivery and targeting, which to be honest, they do for the majority of advertisers now, because if you're going with default settings and open targeting, even if you're using Advantage Plus campaigns and you're providing some targeting suggestions, you're still using Meta's AI to handle most of the delivery and targeting. So we're very much there already with that part of advertising.

We've been moving steadily towards that over the last number of years. Okay, so Meta would handle all of that sort of stuff, but also handle the ad creation part, right? So they'd write the ad copy.

Again, we've already got a bit of that in place. So when you add in a headline variation, primary text variations, Meta is often going to suggest alternatives. So that's AI writing ad copy.

Meta would turn the image that you provided of a product into image ads. So add things around it, add text overlays and different backgrounds. Again, these are features that to some extent already exist, although they can be improved and will be, I'm sure.

But also take that product image and turn it into video ads. Very basic options of this are available now, sort of within ad platforms. So you can take images and turn it into like a slideshow style video.

But Meta wants to go one stage further and you present a product image and Meta can completely turn that into a video. I'm imagining this is going to include things like AI created UGC style ads, where, you know, the image of your product is used to have this completely AI created UGC piece of content where someone is talking about the product and just like a UGC ad. I'm sure you're familiar with how these sorts of things work, right?

That is yet to come, but is part of the plan for sure. And then Meta wants to take this a step further. And this is the part that makes total sense once you hear about it, but very few people sort of predicted ahead of time, is they want to personalise the ad creation process for each individual.

So that person A will see a different ad to person B, who will see a different ad to person C, who will see a different ad to person D, on and on and on. Now, obviously, we can add in multiple ad variations now ourselves, and different ads may be put in front of different people, depending on which Meta thinks will get the best result, by being put in front of that person. As in, ad A might get a better conversion rate advertised to person A, whereas ad B might get a better conversion rate advertised to person B.

That's often why ad spend is distributed across your ads, and sometimes in a way that doesn't always make the most sense when you just look at the cost per result within your ad account. That's part of the reason why I just described there. But this is talking about doing it for every individual.

Not having, say, five different ads in an ad set, but having, if there's 500,000 people that you advertise to, you might have 500,000 variations of an ad. And what that'll allow Meta to do is be really smart about creating ads that are tailored to the individual that are much more likely to get a reaction, much more likely for the person to feel like, that is perfect for me, which is, we know, a really important part of convincing someone to take action to purchase, become a lead, or whatever. So Meta have given us an example, right?

So let's say you're advertising a car. Someone who lives in a city, in an inner city, they will see the car being driven around city streets, because that's most likely how they're going to use it. And that's what's more likely to get them to take action, more likely to get them to think that car's perfect for me.

Whereas someone who lives in, say, a mountainous region might see it driving on a snowy road up a, you know, a steep road, because that's what's going to convince a person, okay, yeah, that's suitable for the sort of place that I live in. And you can imagine infinite variations of that, and that apply to all different types of products or services, right? And here's another really interesting part to all this, is that Meta have now come out and said that they plan to do this.

They plan to have this fully automated AI creation process live and available within the next 18 months. So by the end of 2026, which is an insanely short timeframe. And yeah, very, very interesting for those of us in the industry.

So running through this, and this is what Meta have said, this sort of brings up a bunch of questions. I think this is what people want me to respond on. Like I said, got contacts within Meta, been operating in this industry forever, speak to Meta advertisers all the time, very much sort of embedded in this space.

So I've got quite a few thoughts around this. So the first question I think that needs to be answered once Meta has sort of come out with all this, is can they actually do it? Is this possible?

Will they be able to produce a product that fully automates ad creation? I don't see why not. I think it is likely to be possible.

Now, AI does limited versions of a lot of the stuff they want to do already. I already mentioned this. So AI will write your headline and ad copy variations.

That's been a thing that's been possible since ChatGPT sort of made a big scene back at the end of 2022. And a lot of Meta advertisers are now using either AI on platform or something like ChatGPT to write ad copy for them, right? They've also got some of the personalization features embedded within that.

So you can have like optimized text per person options available. You may or may not be aware, but that is an option within the ad creation process where Meta can decide, for example, oh no, we're going to use this headline as the primary text and move the primary text around in the description. And we're going to tailor that to the individual.

That's not just going to be decide which is better. And that's pushed out to everyone. That's going to be tailored to each person.

That's sort of like a precursor to this personalized ad process. Targeting and delivery. Can Meta automate that fully with AI?

AI, absolutely. That's probably the part of this that is most advanced that's been going on for a long time. And honestly, Meta does a better job than most advertisers of targeting anyway.

So that is absolutely something that they can do. And creative enhancements already exist and will get better. I think that's one of the things that Meta needs to get better at in order to be able to provide this.

So ad creative enhancements will depend on whether you're using an image or a video, but you can have, for example, image background generation, increasing the brightness, simple stuff like that, text overlays, animation turning images into sort of animated videos. And that is certainly going to get better. And we already know this isn't sort of embedded within the Meta ad platform, but we already know that there are tons of very, very smart people working on AI tools to produce video.

So as of the recording of this, Google VO3 has just become the thing that everyone's talking about in the last couple of weeks. And that's producing some crazy video type assets using AI. Is that going to become more and more widely available?

Is that going to get added to other platforms? Is that going to improve? Absolutely.

So I can see a scenario where advertisers can enter in certain prompts and this is all embedded within the ad platform and video ads will be produced based off of that. They're probably pretty poor at the beginning, but they will get better over time. So I think that's a question of, yes, they will be able to do it.

And it's more when as opposed to whether or not they can. It's a timeframe question as opposed to is this feasible? So that's the first thing.

I do think this is possible. Secondly, can Meta do it within 18 months, the timeframe that they've given? I'm pretty skeptical of this timeframe.

I would be very surprised if this is available as they want it to be in 18 months. I think there might be versions of this available, that still require quite a lot of advertiser input, available within 18 months. And that would really be a continuation of all the tools that are being provided and added, but fully rolled out how they wanted it, where you just give Meta an image and tell them how much you're willing to pay to acquire a customer and just let Meta do everything else.

I'd be very surprised if that's where Meta Ads is going to be in 18 months and it's going to take a lot longer. I think there's a few things we need to factor in here, right? Meta is a publicly traded company.

They always want to release good news. Like all these tech companies, they're ambitious with their targets. Part of the reason for that is because they want to encourage their staff and people to make this thing happen.

And I understand why, but they tend to be optimistic. You can look at many tech companies and say, oh, self-driving cars will be here in five years. And they said that 15 years ago.

Like we've had these things before and these things typically take significantly longer than they initially say. I understand why, but that's it, right? I think a more realistic timeframe is at least three years from now, probably closer to five, before we get to the point where Meta's providing an AI product that does what we've described, right?

If we look at sort of the history of how AI has gone over the last few years, well, ChatGPT with its sort of groundbreaking AI development at the time, that's almost three years ago as of the recording of this video. And yes, there's been improvements in AI, but there's still flaws. All of us that have played around with AI tools to help with particularly image and especially video creation know that many times you will ask it to create something and there will be issues.

You know, ChatGPT still produces images where the text in every image seems to not quite be right. I'm sure someone's going to say there's an AI tool you should be using instead that's perfect for that and yada, yada, yada. But we know there are still problems.

And to get to the point where not only can AI produce, say, video ads, taking a product image and turn that into like a UGC style video ad, all AI created, no person involved. Not just that, but to be so reliable at it that you're happy for, say, meta to go and do that and then put that created in front of someone without you seeing it first. Because there's one thing getting AI to produce a load of ads and you can go through and be like, right, the AI didn't do well on three out of five, but these two it did well with.

Let's use the two out of five. That's very different to this personalized ad format where you won't see the ads, right? There's no way, if 100,000 different ads are going to be created, there's no way anyone could ever review that.

You have to completely trust that the AI is going to produce high enough quality ad creative for each individual person that it doesn't represent your brand badly or just doesn't make sense and therefore is a waste of money. I think we're fighting a moving game. There'll be one stage to the point where it can reliably produce high quality, say, video ads.

It'll be a whole nother step before it can do that every single time and we can trust it. That is a long way away. And I talk about using AI tools a lot with your meta advertising, but I say you have to be the filter.

And in order for us to get to the point where we trust meta with what they want to do going forward, they have to make this so good that they remove the need for the filter. They remove the need for us to go, oh no, I don't want that headline variation that meta's AI has written for me because I don't think that's very good, but I'll take these two, which is what we're doing at the moment a lot. And that's with text, let alone imagery and video, which is a harder thing to do.

We won't get this all in one go, right? We will see this as a continuation of what we've already got. Like I said, targeting and delivery is probably the furthest along with this.

Ad copy is also further along. And like I said, right now we're the filter. That's probably, we're probably going to be able to trust it more and more as time goes on.

The image and then particularly the video side of things is going to take longer, but it won't be as jarring as it sounds. It's not going to go from what we have now, all of a sudden to this new option. And when this option is added in, it's almost certainly going to be added in as an option, not as a default, not as you can't have any impact over your ad campaigns anymore.

It's just going to be this way. So we will have time to warm up to this, to get used to it, to take advantage of the new tools that are available. If you're on top of things to be able to have a competitive advantage and if you're in an agency or do this as your job, be able to deliver value to people that aren't familiar with these tools.

And that's going to be a process that's already been happening for years, ever since I started advertising on the platform and is going to continue to happen as these AI tools get better and more become available. So this can all feel very daunting and the pace of change is difficult to keep up with. And if you would like me and my team that spent more than $150 million on Facebook and Instagram to help you to review exactly what you're doing, to provide real-time advice and expertise, I have a mentorship program.

As part of my mentorship program, we have exclusive course material. We have tons of live calls, Q&As, trainings. Literally, someone is available from my team for you to speak with.

Six, seven hours a day spread across multiple time zones. We try and provide as much support as possible with my mentorship program to make it as hard as possible for you to not get great results. We want as many people to go through that to get as good results as possible.

And today, 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable improvement in their retail and ad spend within just 30 days. So our track record is really good. If you're interested in that, you can check the link in the video description below.

Click on that, come through to a page on our website and book in a free call with one of my team members to find out more about how we might be able to help. Okay, so the third question that all this brings up is will businesses actually use it where AI does the whole ad creation process? The answer to that is not as obvious as some people may assume.

There will be a lot of pushback to this initially. There was significant pushback to Advantage Plus Shopping campaigns, the automated and the targeting process. And it's taken many, many years for people to slowly move over.

And many people haven't moved over even to this day. And Advantage Plus Shopping campaigns have been around three plus years, right? And I think the bar for adopting something like this is significantly higher than it is for an Advantage Plus Shopping campaign.

Because with an Advantage Plus Shopping campaign, what's now been renamed as an Advantage Plus Sales campaign and has been changed up recently, that automates targeting and delivery. But you still have control over your ads and you still have control over what was put in front of people. And that is really important to businesses.

How your brand is presented, the imagery, the tone, the content, the video assets. I think this can be, particularly the case with larger brands, they're going to be very afraid of this and skeptical of this. Because how much do you need to trust the AI to fully produce, let's say, video content that you are happy with to go out and represent your brand?

That's a high bar. We've worked with many large brands. And one of the things that they are always really hot on are their brand guidelines on getting approval of everything.

They are afraid of missteps in their marketing, of things that are going to really hurt them and damage them reputationally. So I think this is going to be really difficult for them to sign off on. And because of the dynamic, personalized nature of this, like I said, 100,000 ads being created for 100,000 people, that is unfeasible for you to check in advance.

You can't get approval on that. You have to trust it. So I think there's going to be a real, real pushback if you can't review it.

Meta, I've wondered about this for a while, thinking about these tools. And speaking with Meta, the way they're going to seek to address that is with brand guidelines. So you can add in brand guidelines and say like, look, we want this tone.

Don't do this. Don't do that. Don't do that.

And that will help with that concern that a lot of businesses will have. Will it fully overcome it? I don't think so.

So I think we're going to see some tentative testing when it comes out. Gradual adoption. But for there to be widespread adoption, I think it needs to produce significantly better results than not using it.

And I think smaller businesses are more likely to adopt it than large ones because smaller businesses don't often have the resources, the time, the money, or the expertise to produce high quality ad creative anyway. So they're more likely to trust the AI process or be in a position where they have to because they don't really have a choice. They also have less reputational brand risk.

If they're an unknown entity within their space for the most part, there's only so much brand damage you can do. Whereas if you're a big name and you're known for a certain thing and then you have ads that go out featuring, you know, the wrong tone, you know, the wrong feel, like that could be a real, real issue. And like as this tool improves, like who knows what's going to happen in 20 years time, right?

But do I think all businesses are going to be doing this in five years time? Like no way. There's no way a lot of the bigger brands are going to be willing to trust this.

I just can't see that happen. And that leads me on to the next question which is perhaps the most important. What does all this mean for meta advertisers?

So people in my audience are a mixture of, you know, business owners that run their own ads and that's potentially an area of competitive advantage for them because they're better at running ads than their competitors. A lot of people in my audience work for agencies or own agencies or work for businesses running meta ad campaigns and that's a big part of their job. But a lot of them are understandably afraid that this will either replace them, make them unnecessary or in the case of a business owner that runs their own meta ads and that's competitive advantage for them that they will no longer have that competitive advantage if everyone just has the same access to all the same, you know, AI tools and that's that, right?

I understand the fear and the first thing I'll say is that like who knows if that's going to happen over the next 20 years? Like will there still be a massive industry of meta advertisers in 20 years time? Like very hard to predict.

There was no meta advertising 20 years ago so thinking out 20 years time is really difficult to do, impossible to predict. But over the shorter term time frames, like let's say over the next five years which is quite a long time within this industry, in some industries not at all but in this industry it is, I do not think that's going to happen. I do not think meta advertisers are going to be unnecessary or replaced.

There's a few reasons for that and I want to run through that. Okay. So firstly, if you know how to use these AI tools because like I said we're not going to jump all the way to the end situation that meta wants where you just upload an image and a budget and go there.

There's going to be a continuation of added AI tools and actually whilst that end destination sounds really simple the meta ad platform is getting more complicated as these things are added right now. Not less. So if you understand how to use this that is a very valuable thing.

That is a valuable thing that other companies are willing to pay for for a service or people are going to hire for because it's still going to be one of the most important things to a business is how well they can acquire customers. That's always going to be the case and if a lot of their advertising is done through meta which many businesses are one of the biggest along with Google the two biggest ad platforms in the world by far then it's still going to be really really valuable. And actually I think a lot of these AI developments because it's going to be stepped are going to be fantastic for those of us that work in the industry in the short run because what it's going to allow us to do is get more done quicker get better results faster just like ASE meant that we no longer had to worry about targeting in some cases we got better results meta's got the data on that so we could focus on the things that really matter on the other parts like if the AI does that better than me let the AI do it I'll focus on this that's where I'll get my competitive advantage and not worry about everyone else who's messing around with all this stuff that no longer needs to be to be messed around with right in the same way of thinking about it like let's say when Excel was introduced it didn't replace bookkeepers and accountants it made them a lot more efficient which allowed them to get more work done take on more clients grow businesses etc etc so in the short run I imagine this will be quite beneficial if you know how to use the AI tools because you have to appreciate that many of your clients or bosses or whatever your structure is are not going to know that or if you're running ads for your own business your competitors might not know it if you can use it you get competitive advantage and that'd be a really good thing so as long as you stay on top of things so make sure you subscribe I'll try and keep you up to date that's going to be really beneficial and then there's another sort of that one that thing I just talked about that might be solved over the long run because if the AI just fully does it then like okay that part might go away but definitely more than five years in my opinion probably a little longer than that like I said who knows in 20 years time this next part I don't see how this gets removed as a really important reason to have meta advertisers and sort of marketers more broadly and that's that one of the primary jobs of a marketer is to differentiate the offer versus the competition that is absolutely key if you've been advertising a while you will know that if you just present the same offer as your competitors it's not going to work you're not going to get great results you have to find a way to differentiate that might be with a brand story it might be with emphasizing a different product or service it might be with working with creators and people who have influence there's all sorts of ways that that could be done but that is absolutely essential part of what marketers do now if everyone has access to the same AI tools there's no differentiation if everyone's doing what meta says and they're uploading a product image or like a service based image or something like that and telling them how much they're willing to acquire a customer where's the differentiation there isn't any and I cannot get my head around a marketing landscape without differentiation like I just don't see how not only do I not see how that works I don't see how that's even possible I don't see how brands don't try and differentiate themselves and that's going to be a huge role of the marketer so maybe it'll be that meta's AI does a ton of the ad creation process but it's the marketer's job to provide the AI with the right information the right brand guidelines the right prompts in order to produce a brand feel and like a marketing eco sphere that is unique to that brand and differentiated and that they sound like sort of wishy-washy marketing words they're really not if I was to say like think of a brand like Red Bull that is what do you think of you think of like extreme sports and visuals and amazing things and like that's that's like what that's what you think of that's differentiated marketing and that is absolutely essential to the success of that company there are very smart marketers that have cultivated that over many years to get that brand in a position where it is so yeah I cannot see that part going away I can't see a world where that is not really valuable at least for the rest of my career and then the third reason why I don't think meta advertisers are going to be unnecessary or replaced in say 18 months which is when meta thinks they're going to be able to do this I'm not quite sure that's going to be possible it's because of what meta are saying and I'm going to run through that in a minute what they're doing because that is a really good indicator of what they believe is going to happen going forward before we do that I want to quickly let you know about Hyros Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads it's a software that all the big players including myself use I use it to track the results that I generate from my own ads I also use it for my organic content as well which is really useful so if someone comes through and books a call for our done for you services for example I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy and that allows me to make decisions in my business which is really really helpful and let me quickly show you how important this is so I'm in my Hyros dashboard and I've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns and I've created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this so this campaign spent just under £2,000 generated £15,000 in revenue but here's the really important bit reported versus revenue and in this column we can see £12,000 now what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated Hyros has been able to report on the full £15,000 £12,000 of which Meta was not originally able to see so if we're just looking within our meta ad account not using Hyros we would have seen that £3,000 of revenue was generated from this campaign and that is not true at all that is a much much lower ROAS number than the actual £15,000 of revenue that was generated for a number of years now Meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect and it's only heading that way it's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and track our results as we need to be able to do this is a relatively extreme case and the reason why is because Meta has a 7 day maximum attribution window and this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than 7 days to make a decision on so if someone clicks on an ad they often won't convert within 7 days Meta's simply not able to see that data and that's where Hyros comes in the important thing is that you need accurate data and Hyros takes care of that so if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads go ahead and sign up to Hyros there is a link in the video description so a couple of weeks ago I went to Meta's Performance Marketing Summit in San Jose in California and it was an invite-only event and it was for basically big spenders so people who work at agencies spend a lot of money or people who work sort of within businesses that spend a lot of money on Meta ads and I'm fortunate enough to be a Meta megaphone partner basically like a brand ambassador for Meta ads so they flew me out there and I got sort of special access and it was a fantastic event and really glad that they did it but well firstly if Meta truly believed that they would have these AI tools in place and the Meta advertisers would not be necessary anymore they would not be putting on events like this now because this is all very much targeted at helping us advertisers get better results and the whole event was around that and giving us advice and how like I'm going to share a bunch of things from the conference by the way shortly so they wouldn't be putting on those events if they didn't think that we were going to be necessary shortly right two main focuses that they wanted that I had as takeaways I'll get into more specifics but two main focuses one was creators so Meta's really pushing using creators within ads and they're saying that far more businesses should do this on average they get better results I had all sorts of statistics that I will share so that creates two questions or two thoughts I should say firstly that's probably going to be an increasingly important role for Meta advertisers is finding creators influencers to work with to partner with I've been talking about this for a number of years I think it's really valuable Meta sees that as a big part of our role those of us that work in the industry to get better results right so Meta sees that as part of our role going forward Meta also clearly sees that there's going to be lasting value in creators in influencers and if if they imagined a world where AI was just going to do all the ad creation again they wouldn't be putting time effort resources into making creator ads easier because in that world that would be unnecessary so they clearly Meta clearly don't think that's going to happen they still think that creators are going to be a thing people with personal brands are going to be a thing and that's going to be really valuable going forward Meta recently been pushing their creator marketplace which is fantastic by the way I've got a video all about the creator marketplace how you can use it to find influencers to go in your ads fantastic tool you can find and it's free available to advertisers you can find people you can see all their relevant stats like definitely go ahead and check it out there's a video on my channel you can find to go ahead and give that a watch where I do a full sort of walkthrough and a breakdown on this so Meta are really pushing this they don't clearly think that AI is going to replace all creators or think that us advertisers aren't going to be involved in the ad creation process at all because they wouldn't be pushing this and there was a real emphasis on creators and that matches up with what I feel about the influencer space people with personal brands like myself going forward is that yes there will be some AI influencers there'll be specific use cases but I don't think that's going to dominate the landscape not for a long time maybe future generations that grow up with AI influencers and it's completely normal maybe they get there but for a while at least I don't think that's going to happen because I think the human connection is important I think following people that you know are people that have a backstory that you might meet one day you might meet at like me for example you might meet at a conference many people came up to me at this conference and said oh I've been watching your stuff for years and like that's great like without that connection I think it's difficult and one of the examples and one of the sort of justifications I give to that opinion is think of professional sports like we could create robots that play sports and are much better they're faster stronger can tackle harder but like would people care as much about that I don't think they would I don't think it would be as interesting it wouldn't be as engaging there's not that there's not the jeopardy there there's not the story there's not the emotion because the robot doesn't really care whether it wins or not like we whereas the person you can see that athlete they tried their whole career and they finally got it or they just missed out and like that that's really important so I think that's a good example as to why creators are going to continue to be a thing and I think it's going to be a big role of meta advertisers to work with creators and bring on the right ones and integrate that within your marketing and how your brand is presented okay the second major thing that was really sort of drilled home at the performance summit performance marketing summit was data and meta was really emphasizing the importance of the data input being able to feed the AI tools to get the best results possible obviously there's the basics like install the meta pixel and get the conversions API set up but then they went on to talk about more complex things and that's somewhat tailored to the room because these are big spenders and companies with the resources where they're talking about different attribution models and incrementality I'm going to be talking about this in more detail I just want to more cover the Mark Zuckerberg comments and the future plans and how this ties in so I think that's going to be another major focus of meta advertisers marketing agencies people who work for companies people who do this for their own business is working hard on improving the data inputs because that's going to help feed the AI tools and get you better results that's going to be another really important role if meta didn't feel like it was necessary they wouldn't have just put on this big event and spent a huge amount of money on it I'm sure and dedicated a lot of resources and internal communication and external communication around all the like they wouldn't be doing all these things right so they clearly think that's going to be a valuable thing going forward by the way I'm going to be sharing a lot more detail around what I learned at the Metaformance Marketing Summit we got sort of also invited to do like a closed door session where we were told stuff that's not publicly widely available which I'll be able to share shortly which is also really exciting and some crazy new stuff so make sure you subscribe for that keep an eye out for my next few videos because I'll be going over a lot of stuff that was covered there and some really wacky things not just stuff that might be available 18 months that I think is going to take a bit longer but also stuff that's going to be available any day now that is kind of mind-blowing what Meta's going to be able to do and finally as we've been talking about creators I'd strongly recommend you check out this video I talk about why using creators is so valuable get someone who's brilliant on camera to produce your video ads for you that's a no-brainer and someone who has influence over your target audience it's a great way to get significantly better better ad results I demonstrate it all in this video here so go ahead and check it out next EXCANS