Most Facebook advertisers are really messing things up. They focus on the wrong things and that kills their Facebook ad results. I think because a Facebook ad account and ads manager is quite complicated, there's all sorts of functionality in there.

And Meta has been adding to that over the years, which is great for advanced advertisers because it means we can do more things and we have more control, more flexibility, etc. But I think it does make it very confusing for not just beginner Facebook advertisers, but intermediate, even some advanced Facebook advertisers. And people get lost in all the various options.

I could run this type of campaign. I could use this setting. I could do this.

And what ends up happening because of that is that Facebook advertisers put their time and effort into things that either don't matter at all or they only move the needle a tiny bit. And that really hurts their chances of success with Facebook advertising. We all only have so many resources to put into our Facebook and Instagram ad accounts.

We all only have so much time, so much money. So you want to make sure that you are working on the things that really matter, that really move the needle. And that's what we're going to cover in this video.

I'm going to give you five, the most important five things when it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising that you need to focus on, that you need to get right if you want to see great results. So let's get started with the performance goal. Now, Facebook advertisers for years have really focused on the campaign objective and how important that is.

And I get questions about the campaign objective all the time. But the campaign objective is only important in that it narrows down the options that you see when it comes to the performance goal. The performance goal is where you're able to tell Meta what it is that you want the campaign to optimize for, what it is that you want the campaign to try and get you.

What do you want? It's not that simple. What do you want?

And depending on your campaign objective, you'll see different options for performance goal. So for example, if you use the leads campaign objective, you'll see a number of options in the performance goal, one of which will be get as many conversions, as many leads as possible, which is what I'd recommend you use in that scenario. But you could also change that to something like generate as many link clicks as possible or get as many landing page views as possible.

Now, if you go, for example, with generate as many link clicks as possible, that campaign will operate exactly the same as a traffic campaign that has the same performance goal, which is get as many link clicks as possible. So the campaign objective in that scenario, one's leads, but optimizing for link clicks, one's traffic, but optimizing for link clicks, they're going to be optimized and run in the exact same way. You're not going to get any benefit from using a leads campaign.

And that's why the performance goal is now much more important. If you are losing a leads campaign, you want to optimize for leads and get as many leads as possible. If you're using a sales campaign, you want to get as many purchase possible or the highest return on ad spend, depending on how your ad account is set up and whether you're able to track and optimize for that.

Now, the way a Facebook ad account is optimized, the thing that you tell Meta you want, the performance goal, that might sound like a bit of a trivial thing, but it is absolutely not. It is so important that you get this right. Meta is really good at finding people that are likely to take the action that you tell Meta that you want.

So if you say you want link clicks, you will get a ton of link clicks, probably relatively inexpensively, but are those people actually going to go on and convert? Are they going to become a lead? Are they going to go ahead and purchase?

Probably not. Whereas if you tell Meta, look, I want leads, I want sales, Meta's going to do their best to try and get you that. And the difference is a massive, more than 100% improvement in results, typically when you go with, say, a leads campaign optimizing for leads versus a traffic campaign or a leads campaign optimizing for link clicks, when you're measuring cost per lead or the number of leads generated, assuming the same budget.

So absolutely, you need to get this right. You need to get the performance goal right. And my simple advice here is that you go with the option that best describes what you really want with your business.

Do you want leads? Do you want sales? Do you want app installs?

Maybe you do just want to reach people. You're using an omnipresent content strategy, for example. You just want to reach as many people as possible.

In which case, absolutely fine to go with the awareness objective and then select reach, optimize for as much reach as possible as your performance goal. But just make sure you really think about that. What is my end objective here?

What do I really want from a Facebook ad campaign? That's what you need to select as your performance goal. And if you've got this wrong, if you're watching this video thinking, oh, I don't think I've got my performance goal set up right.

If you change it, that's likely to make a huge difference to your results. Okay, so the second thing that I want to discuss is very much tied into the first thing that's really important for your Facebook ad campaign results. And that's your ability to track the actions that people take.

Track the actions that people take after they click on your ads. Do they go through and purchase? Do they go through and become a lead?

What pages do they look at? All that sort of stuff. Now, for the performance goal to matter, let's say you want to optimize for leads.

You want to optimize for sales. Meta needs to be able to know accurately what a lead, what a sale looks like on your website. So if you don't have tracking in place properly, then you are going to miss out, not only as an advertiser in terms of being able to see how my campaign's performing, which ads are doing well, which are doing badly, turn off the end performers, create new ads like the better performers, all the sort of stuff that we do on a daily basis.

But also remember, Meta's machine learning process is not going to know what a lead is, not going to know what a sales is. So how are they going to be able to optimize for that? So it's very important that you get the Facebook pixel installed and that you have the conversions API installed as well.

I've got videos that show you how to do both. We'll include links to those in the description if you're not familiar and want to go through that process. But just absolutely essential that you get those set up and that you try and get your tracking as accurately as possible.

It'll help you as an advertiser and it'll help Meta optimize, which as we've already discussed, makes a huge difference. Okay, the next thing on my list and perhaps the single most important element of a Facebook ad campaign, Instagram ad campaign is the offer. What do people actually get when they take the action that you want to take?

When they go ahead and purchase your product, purchase your service? What is it that they are getting? How do you position that?

How do you package it? How do you make it really enticing? Now, the reason why I think this is the most important thing is because you can have an ad campaign that is set up really poorly, but still do well if the offer is strong enough.

However, you could have the perfect Facebook ad campaign, all optimized in the perfect way. You've got everything really dialed in. But if the offer is something that people just aren't that interested in, it's not going to work.

So I want to give you a quick few examples. I've got other videos that go into more detail on offers, but just some things that might give you a few ideas of how you could improve your offer. It's one of my most common responses when I get asked questions.

I might look at what someone's doing and say, you know what? I don't think your offer is good enough. Here's how you might be able to improve it.

So I'll start with one of the most interesting examples because I always remember this client and the difference that improving the offer made was just insane. They were selling a product that is installed in people's properties. And the average price for one of these things is £3,000.

We were running ad campaigns trying to generate leads because these were sold via a sales call. And we were emphasizing the benefits of this product and the fact that, you know, the customer service is really good and it gets installed well and yada, yada, yada. And the campaigns did okay, but not great.

We then switched to a finance option. Now, this is a product that wasn't typically offered with a finance option. Instead of saying, you know, this is how much it costs and the regular ads, we focused really heavily within the ads, both in the creative and in the copy, on the fact that you only needed to pay, I believe it was £9 per week for, I think it was quite an extended period of time, must be six years.

And installation of this relatively essential product would take place within, I believe it was 48 hours from inquiry. It's speed, hassle-free, there's a finance option. Now, that campaign absolutely crushed.

Once we switched over and improved that offer from, isn't this great, all those things still applied, like the product was good, et cetera, et cetera, to, here's a finance option, you only need to pay a little amount per week, it's gonna cost you a lot less than you originally thought to replace one of these and you'll get it installed in the next 48 hours. That was such a good offer that it absolutely flew and we were generating more leads than the business can handle. We kept having to turn the campaign off because they would just be full leads-wise and all that sort of stuff.

Another example of a great offer, a way to improve an offer, is if you can genuinely add something new and innovative to your product or service that other people don't offer. It's a great way of differentiating yourself and if someone sees you out and they go, oh, I didn't know that product within this category could do that thing, that they had the ability to do that, that's great, I'm really interested, I'll go ahead and check it out. That improvement and offer could massively improve your results.

And then another example I want to give that's particularly applicable on the service side of things is a guarantee. People pitching services all the time, most, whether it's B2B or B2C, people have pitched all the time for various different services. But if you say as part of your offer within your ad, look, we guarantee X result or you don't pay us or you get your money back or we work with you until we get you that objective, no matter how long that'll be for free.

Guarantees are a great way to improve an offer. They show that you are very confident in what you offer and your lead rate, normally that applies to services but can apply to products as well. Normally your lead rate or your sale rate is gonna go through the roof with that sort of thing.

So have a little think about your offer and how you can improve it. That's probably the single biggest area for leverage within your Facebook and Instagram ads. If you can improve your offer, you can triple, quadruple or more your results overnight.

Very quickly, I've got some really exciting news. I've launched a new mentorship program to help you explode your business's revenue and profits through paid ads and marketing. Now in this mentorship program, myself and my team will mentor you daily, literally every single working day and because of that, spots are very limited.

So if you're interested, you can click on a link in the video description below and book a call with one of my team members who can explain everything about the mentorship program and how it works. I'm really, really excited about this and I hope to be working with you and mentoring you very soon. Okay, the next thing I want to bring up is lifetime customer value and specifically doing everything you can to increase your lifetime customer value.

So I've spoken to a lot of Facebook advertisers that get really obsessed with their ad campaigns and they've got them dialed in, they're performing well and they're working really, really hard and testing all these options to try and shave an extra dollar, trying to get purchased for a dollar less or get a 5% improvement in their cost per lead. I understand that. I don't think that's wasted effort, but I think that same effort could be better spent increasing their lifetime value because there's only so low realistically you can drop your cost per conversion or your cost per lead when your campaigns are performing well, but you can increase your lifetime customer value significantly.

I often say to people, it's a lot easier to double your average customer value, your lifetime customer value than it is to half your cost per conversion with a Facebook ad or Instagram ad. And I think that when we're trying to work out where's the highest leverage opportunities, what should I be spending my time and effort on, I would first focus on lifetime customer value, increasing that as much as possible because that's going to really help your ad campaigns. That'll double your ROAS.

If you double your lifetime customer value, even if your ad campaigns stay exactly the same, that doubles your return on ad spend and it makes it so much easier for you to weather any dips in Facebook ad performance to handle if competitors join the market and spike the price up slightly, maybe temporarily, maybe over a longer period. If you have that buffer, you know that you're going to make a lot more per customer than your competitors. You're going to make a lot more per customer than you used to.

That just does wonderful things for your business. So obviously there's a number of different ways to do that. One would be referrals.

Make your product service so good that when people buy it, they feel compelled to tell others about it. That's a great way. If you know that for every customer you acquire, you're going to get another one on average because they're going to tell people about it.

It's a great way to make your ad campaigns more profitable. You could really focus on repeat purchase. Part of that's going to be the quality of product and service.

It's going to also come down to retargeting and are you following via email and maybe SMS marketing and various things you might be able to do to get people to be reactivated. A subscription type setup for a lot of businesses where the product or service can be a good way to go and so you get that recurring revenue. And of course, you can very simply ask people to spend more money by charging more of your product services.

Now they need to be better to warrant that, but you know what I mean. Or you can offer more alternative products that they also may be interested in with cross-sells and up-sells and things along those lines. So that's an area where Facebook advertisers massively neglect, but it can make all the difference.

If you can triple your lifetime customer value, you can probably afford to pay a lot more than you're currently paying per new customer to your ad campaigns and still have a more profitable business. So it's a win all around for you and your business. And then the fifth thing that I want to talk about when it comes to the most important things for your Facebook and Instagram ads is the ad creative.

Now the ad creative is the part that people see. And again, a lot of Facebook advertisers get obsessed with the various little settings and things like that within the ad account. And you go, yes, they may make a bit of a difference, but Facebook is moving more and more towards automating all of that.

So less and less of a difference as time goes on. And actually it's going to be the quality of what people actually see that is the bigger needle mover. That's going to be the thing that either grabs people's attention or it doesn't.

That's going to be the thing that impresses your prospects and go, wow, this looks really cool. This company looks great. I'm really interested in this.

Or it doesn't. So I'd recommend that most Facebook advertisers put more effort and particularly more budget into their creative. I see a lot of Facebook advertisers spend, you know, hardly anything on the creative and put it all into the ad campaign.

Often I've advised people saying, look, if you just take like 10% of what you're spending on the ad campaign and hire a professional, you know, video editor or a videographer or a photographer or a creative professional, someone to create something that looks really, really good. I bet you that's net positive in terms of you take 10% of the ad budget, spend that on creative. Are you going to get more than a 10% improvement on your results in that ad campaign?

Yes, I think you will. You could easily get 30, 40, 70, 160% improvement. We've seen all those sorts of numbers before from better quality, significantly better quality ad creative.

So it's going to more than pay for itself. Now, of course, I understand that not everyone has the budget to hire creative professionals, whether that's a professional photographer or videographer or something like that. In which case there is a tool that I'd recommend you use that makes it super simple and easy to create really high quality ad creative.

I explain exactly what it is and how it works in this video here. If you're new to Facebook ads or you don't have a ton of budget to play with when it comes to the creative side of things, this is exactly what I'd recommend you use. So go through that video, check it out.

I think you'll find it really useful.