Hi guys, it's Ben Heath and in this video I'm going to talk about my number one long-term Facebook advertising strategy. There's so much advice out there about how to get results over the short run, how to get something to work next week. But actually if you approach things differently and focus on the long run, particularly for certain types of businesses, you can see far, far better results and that's what I'm going to discuss in this video.

Before I get into that, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button, click that like button on this video, that would be much appreciated and really help me out. And of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay, so Facebook advertising in the long term, it's not something that a lot of Facebook advertisers think about.

They throw up an ad, they want to generate leads and sales today, they don't think about how can I do things now that are really going to help me in 12 months, even six months, which in regular life isn't the long term, but in Facebook advertising it certainly is, but in 12 months, 24 months, 36 months, those sorts of timeframes. Because there are things you can do that make an enormous difference, will be completely business and life changing for you later down the line that aren't focused on getting results tomorrow. And that's what I'm going to describe here.

Now, the strategies I'm going to talk about in this video are quite specific to certain types of businesses. So what I'm about to describe really works well for anything that's expertise based, when you're selling something that's expertise based. So what's that going to look like?

That's going to look like most service based businesses, whether B2B or B2C. You know, people only want to work with and hire experts. Okay.

It's going to be businesses that sell, you know, coaches, consultants, anyone that sells any sort of training, online courses, information products, as I said, service providers, anyone who offers like a bespoke product, something where you really want to hire an expert, something a bit more expensive, things above, let's say the $1,000 price point. I know that category covers an enormous amount of businesses or service businesses, basically ones that aren't commodities, at least anything expertise based product or service training online, that's a huge amount of businesses. But that's what this is really for.

You can have long term approaches for let's say, e commerce companies, but the strategy is different. That's more typically around acquiring customers in the short run, and then being able to retarget and things like that over the long run, as opposed to trying to generate a profit immediately all the time. But that's not what I focused on today.

I focused on those other businesses that can take a longer term approach. And if you're an expertise based business, you know, all the categories are just mentioned, absolutely expertise based businesses, people want to hire experts in industry, I'm certainly in that category. So my business is Facebook advertising agency, people want to hire us for our expertise, that's why they want to work with us, they believe we can get them better results than other companies, or if they try and do it themselves.

And that's, that's what this is all about what I'm about to describe. So my strategy for doing that is something that's called an omnipresence content campaign, something I've talked about in the past, but I'm going to break it down a little bit more detail here. So what on earth is an omnipresence content campaign?

Well, the two components of that omnipresence, we're going to try and make sure that your ads are constantly coming up in front of your prospects in front of the right prospects with an omnipresence content campaign. That's the first part. The first part is the idea that you're not just going to advertise them today, and they're never going to see from you for the next six months.

No, they're going to see an ad today, tomorrow, the next day, that's the omnipresence part. And the content part, again, is fairly self-explanatory, we're going to deliver value, we're going to tick a number of boxes that help you position yourself to that person as the expert, as the only person they want to work with, as the only logical choice. You know, I want the people that follow me around Facebook advertising content, that when they're ready to work with an agency, we're the only logical choice.

And what was anyone else? Why would they even think about it? Because they know that I have the expertise, my company is in a position to get the best results possible.

Okay, that's what an omnipresence content campaign does. So how does an omnipresence content campaign work? So I thought about sort of how do I go about, you know, describing this and setting up and all that sort of stuff.

I think the best way is to show you basically an example. So I'm in an example Facebook ad account right here, and I've got example ad campaign. This is an omnipresence content campaign.

So when you create an omnipresence content campaign, you want to use the reach objective. I'll explain more about that in a minute, but this is a reach campaign, one of the only times I really, I deviate from a conversions campaign. And let's click into the campaign and go to the ad set level.

Okay, and you can see what we've got here. Now, the first thing before I get into specifics is you want to use an omnipresence content campaign and target a very specific group of people. Who that group is does depend on your business, how long you've been in business and what you've done so far.

For example, when I run omnipresence content campaigns for my own business, I use my email list. I've got almost 30,000 people on email list, very nice, healthy audience. And that's who I want.

Those are people anyone on my email list has opted in for something they've opted in for my webinar for a lead magnet for something like that. I know they're really interested in Facebook advertising, they're interested in what I have to say. And those are just the people that I want to be putting my content in front of again and again and again.

So warm audiences make fantastic targeting options for omnipresence content campaigns. Now, your warm audiences might be different. You might not have a big email list, but perhaps you could use, you could do an omnipresence content campaign to your website visitors, or maybe even people that have watched videos of yours on Facebook.

If you're a local business, perhaps you're just going to do that to the entire local area. Let's say, you know, for argument's sake, let's say you're a financial advisor in a small town. You might just omnipresence content everyone in the town.

Okay, that's a perfectly reasonable approach to take. As I said, for most businesses, most, I think you're going to see the best results from taking a warm audience, and usually a fairly significant warm audience. So an email list is just perfect.

Omnipresence content campaigns often work really, really well in conjunction with lead magnet campaigns. So for example, if I'm advertising for our Facebook advertising services, I might be running a lead magnet campaign, getting people to opt in for our five-part Facebook ad template. They opt in for that, they're on our email list.

They get a great piece of content with the template. And then once they're on our email list, they're added automatically into our omnipresence content campaign. We're going to retarget them for years.

You know, obviously we want to convert them as soon as possible, but we're going to retarget them for years. And we know their interest in Facebook advertising. They might become a client next month.

They might become a client in six months time. They might become a client in three years time. You don't know when they're going to be ready.

And that's the thing with expertise-based businesses, is you don't know when your prospect's going to be ready. These are normally considered decisions. You know, when is someone going to hire you for your services?

Well, obviously when they need them, which might not be now, might be at a future point. When is someone going to go ahead and purchase that really expensive, bespoke product from you? When they need it, when they've thought about it, when they've saved up for it, perhaps, all that sort of stuff.

Okay. So that's who are we going to be targeting. And the email list is the absolute best option.

You could have some of the other options that I've mentioned, but email list is the best. Then how's it going to work? So the structure is that we're going to have one ad set per ad.

I know this is completely not the structure I usually talk about with conversion campaigns, but this is something quite different that is done over the long run. So one ad set per ad. How many ads?

Well, here I've got eight. I've got eight different ad sets in here. And my preference is about eight to 14 different ads at any one time.

Now, yes, that is going to take some time to go ahead and create, you know, doesn't, you know, you're not necessarily going to be able to create eight to 14 ads overnight, but the rewards over the long run are absolutely fantastic. So eight to 14 different ads is what I want you to create for an omnipresence content campaign. And then we're going to have one ad set per ad.

I've just created eight here for demonstration purposes. So then what is in each one of these ads? Well, there are a number of different boxes that you want to tick with your omnipresence content stack.

That's basically what I call it. Let's say you've got 10 ads. Those 10 ads are your omnipresence content stack.

It's your stack of ads that you're going to basically be having on repeat to your prospects. The first thing you want to tick is demonstrating your expertise. How do you do that?

Deliver value. Video is nearly always the best way to go. You can do it with blog posts.

You can even do it with like a Facebook post that's just got a load of text in it. You can even advertise like podcast episodes, but really video is the best way to go. So in your omnipresence content stack, let's say you've got eight ads.

I would want probably three of those to be content delivering value, giving your prospects pieces of information that they can, that will help them, that they can use, that perhaps they can then implement and get good results. And they go, Oh, um, I saw this video from so-and-so, um, they advised I do this. I did that and it worked really well.

You know what? I think I'm just going to work with them. They seem like they know what they're doing.

I have that all the time. The amount of times I speak to prospects and they're like, Oh, I've been seeing some of your videos actually implemented. You know, I started using lookalikes because of a video or I started doing this and this and it worked really well.

And then they go on to work with us. That's so common. So in your omnipresence content stack, you want, you know, a good, um, 30% of it or so, maybe a bit more to be value and content.

That's the first box to tick. Okay. So let's say that's those top three ads.

Uh, these are in a bit of a weird order. Don't know why, but, but there we go. What other boxes do we want to tick?

We want to tick the not only am I an expert because you've done that already. We want to tick the, I can deliver fantastic results for you box. Okay.

There are lots of people, you know, you could put up, you could have like only person's content video of, let's say take like Usain Bolt as a, as an example, right? You could have content videos of him doing insanely fast sprints and that's fantastic. Like I believe that Usain Bolt is an expert at sprinting.

Of course he is. But do I know that he can help me get much faster at sprinting? Well, that's a different thing.

Okay. So to tick that box, what can we use? Client testimonials are absolutely golden for that.

If you have client testimonials, particularly in video format, that's a fantastic option to add to your omnipresence content stack. So you've got your value ads and then you've got your ads from clients of yours that said, Oh yeah, I, um, started working with, with, uh, this company. Um, you know, they've just been fantastic from day one.

They've really helped us get fantastic results. They've really helped me achieve, overcome this. They produce amazing products.

Look at their products. If you're portfolio based, you can also literally demonstrate, you know, if you produce a high end product, bespoke products and like that, you can part of your ad stat can be demonstrating your, your products and the fantastic work that you've been able to do. Um, but you really need to get people to the point where they go, ah, it really worked for them.

Probably really worked for me as well. And it really helps if you have like a bit of a suite of these. And if the people, let's say you've got client testimonials, the people, the clients that you're choosing are quite representative of your target audience.

So for example, people really resonate with someone else that's in their situation. So let's say, you know, I'm a personal trainer. Okay.

And I see an ad that's from, it's a client testimonial of another personal trainer saying, I worked with this business. They've got me fantastic results. Yada, yada, yada.

That's going to really speak to me. So the same applies. So you want these client testimonial videos or perhaps like a portfolio based, um, ad that demonstrates your work and shows your prospects that you can get great results for them.

You can deliver a fantastic product for them. You can really help them out. Those are two massive, massive boxes to tick.

The two most important. Then of course, we want to tell people how the process works. So let's say, oh, by the way, let's go through this again.

So let's say the top three are content. Perhaps we'd have two testimonial videos next. Um, and then we've got, let's say, say three left.

You're going to want one at least that explains your process. How does it work? If this is a considered purchase, people want to know this stuff.

So I could have a video in my own example, as a Facebook ads agency, something along the lines of, so the way we work with clients is when they come on board, um, we take them through this onboarding process. We do an ad account audit. We then do some customer competitor research.

We then implement the campaigns. They get contacted X amount of time. They'll be in touch with this person on our team, demonstrate how it works.

If you're doing bespoke products, you know, show the process, you know, little videos that show how like, let's say, make bespoke kitchens, little videos that show how you make your kitchens. Those things are fantastic. When people know what steps A through G are about hiring your service or using your, your, uh, purchasing your products, it makes them much more likely to do so.

It really smooths the, um, the ride. That's the next box to take. Show them the process.

And then of course, we've got the direct call to action, um, ads. Don't be shy at all to have some ads in there on your personal contact stack saying things like, we know you're interested in this. We can help you do this.

Come ahead and hire us. Here's the next step. Very, very simple setup, very simple setup, but very effective.

And don't be shy to do that. Um, I have, you know, I I've run ads like that in the past in my only presence content stack. And whenever I do that, we get flooded with inquiries.

We have them off now because you know, there's capacity issues and things like that, but we get flooded with inquiries when we have very straightforward. I know you're interested in Facebook advertising. Look, that's something we can really help you with.

We're expert agency. We spend millions of dollars on the platform every year. We've delivered fantastic results to previous clients.

If you're interested in services, go ahead and do X, Y, Z, right? That's really important. So those are the four boxes you want to tick for different ad types.

You won't really want to tick in an omnipresence content campaign. How many of each depends on obviously how many ads you're going to use. But as I said, if you want more sort of content than anything else, um, you may only need one or two call to action, um, ads, maybe only one call to action ad in there, direct call to action, maybe only one explaining the process, um, and that sort of thing.

I had this question asked the other day about omnipresence content. It's a great question. At the end of your, you know, value ads.

So, you know, these three at the top here, where you're just sort of giving value. Can you also have a call to action in there at the end? Absolutely.

That's absolutely. And I'd recommend it. So at the end of your value ads, when someone, you know, you're delivering lots of value, let's say you're delivering a 90 second video with a great tip that people can implement.

You can say at the end, oh, by the way, why don't you go ahead and, you know, book a call and we can maybe do that for you. We can help you out with that. We can get you on the path.

We can get someone out for a free quote, something like that. That's absolutely fine as well. Don't just think it has to be in the call to action, ad itself.

So let's say you've got your eight to 14 different ads. One thing that's very, very important. I'm going to click into this.

I'm going to go through all the settings, but one thing that's very important is go to the ad set level. Then you want to come down to this optimization delivery section and you want to click on select more options. And then the frequency cap is very, very important.

So frequency cap basically means how many times someone is going to see an ad within a certain timeframe. So the default is one impression every seven days. Now that means that per ad set, Facebook is going to limit that ad being delivered to the same person once, a maximum of once every seven days.

So what do you, how do you want to make this work? So let's say I've got eight ads. I'm going to change this to one impression every four days.

If I've got 10 ads, it's one impression every five days, 12 ads every six. I'm sure you get the idea. I'm basically just halving that.

Why am I doing that? What I want and what I found works the best is that each day, I want two of my ads on average to be delivered to a person so that every single day as they're going through life, they're checking Facebook, they're checking Instagram, they're going to see two ads of mine in a day. And if you think about it, if you have eight ads and each ad is being delivered once every four days, that's two a day.

Okay. As I said, if you've got more ads, you've got 10 ads, 12 ads, then you can increase the number of days. Okay.

One thing I need to quickly mention. In reality, does it mean that you're going to like everyone in your audience is going to see two ads on Monday, two ads on Tuesday? No, it's not going to work out like that.

There's no real way to fully enforce that. Maybe they see three ads on Monday, one ad on Tuesday, four ads on Wednesday, no ads on Thursday. But this is what we're trying to set up.

What you don't want if you had a different frequency catch setup is just all of them to, you know, tons of impressions to one person on one day, they never get another ad for a week. You want that consistent drip feeding, constant contact, because it may well be that someone needs 50 impressions before they're ready to become a customer of yours. That might be the case.

You know, if that's two impressions a day, that's 25 days, you know, three and a half, just under four weeks. It's not that long a time period. Someone might need a hundred impressions.

Someone might not necessarily need that many impressions, but perhaps they're just, they're not gonna be ready for another three months. If you advertise to that person now, but stop, they may not work with you in three months time. They may work with someone else.

And that's very, very important for expertise-based businesses, because as I've already said, when someone's ready to work with you is when you need to be in front of them. And you don't know when they're ready to work with you. Could be tomorrow, could be six months, could be 18 months.

If you make sure you're in front of them all the time, then it's far more likely they're gonna end up working with you and not someone else. Okay. So that's how I like to structure this.

Let me close this down. So other questions people might have about omnipresence content. How often do you need to refresh the ads?

It does depend on how many you have. If I had 14 in here and I'm doing one impression every seven days versus eight, where I'm doing one impression every four days, I need to basically refresh these ads more frequently if I've got less ads, because you don't want ad fatigue to set in. In general, though, I feel like these ads probably need to be refreshed every three months, three to six months, depending on the size of your audience.

Okay. Every three to six months. Because you've got lots of different ads going, it's going to really delay the time period by which someone gets bored.

If you've just got one ad and you're doing like three impressions a day, someone's going to get bored with that within three or four days. But if you've got 10 different ads, they're only seeing each ad once every five days, you know, you might be able to run that for three months, four months, five months before people start getting bored with it. So I would probably, in an ideal world, set your calendar, you know, set like a week in your calendar every three months, right?

Got to create a whole bunch of new Facebook ads and you'll get much quicker and more used to doing this the more you do it. Something along those lines. If that goes a little bit, you got sort of the six month mark, that's also fine.

But you do want to refresh these at some point because again, people can get bored and they're going to switch off from them. And that is basically the setup. That is how omnipresence content campaigns work.

And the reason why they work so, so well is because let's say I said someone joins your email list now and they on average see two ads of yours a day for the next six months. No one else is doing that. None of your competitors are bothering to do that.

You are going to become the only choice. You're going to become the only choice. You're going to be top of mind when they are ready to hire you, hire someone who provides your service or whatever it is you provide.

They're also far more likely to pay your prices because you're who they want to work with. They might find someone else cheaper, but they'll pay your prices even though you're more expensive because you've demonstrated to them that you are an expert. You've demonstrated to them that you can deliver results for people just like them.

You've shown them how your process works and you've told them to actually do it. Okay. You've ticked those four boxes.

And that means you can raise your prices, which if you're a service-based business, if you're an expertise-based business, if you offer a bespoke product, you'll know that raising your price is such an important component of long-term business success and not having to compete on price is everything. Absolutely essential. So implementing this and ticking these boxes is, it really does that very, very well.

So that's what I'd strongly recommend. Okay. If that video has been useful, please give a video a thumbs up.

That'd be much appreciated. Comment below to let me know. Comment below if you want any questions, by the way, as well, because I know this is probably a bit complicated.

There will be some. Before you go, a couple of free things I want to quickly mention. The first is a free webinar that I've created called Three Killer Facebook Advertising Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue.

Now this webinar goes through three different sales funnels, one of which is the OmniPresence Content Campaign. It explains exactly how they work, which one you want to use depending on your business, which is very important. There's no one size fits all when it comes to Facebook advertising.

Webinar is completely free. I think you get a ton of value from it. Link is in the description below.

Go ahead and check that out. Help you improve your Facebook advertising performance big time. These are sales funnels we use with clients, generating more than a million dollars with each sales funnel easily and strongly recommend it.

The other free thing is my Facebook Ads Mastermind Group. So there's now over 47,000 members, people who are Facebook advertisers just like yourself, looking to get better results. There's fantastic community engagement, people asking questions, getting them answered all the time.

I'm in there with live trainings every single week, completely free, of course. You're free to join the group. Again, link is in the description.

Go ahead and join. We'd love to have you in there. And there's no spam in that group or anything like that.

We moderate it very, very closely. Anyone who spams is gone because we want to keep it a really useful, fantastic community for everyone. So if that sounds like something you want to be part of, go ahead and join us.

Help us get to 50,000 group members, which is nuts. A huge number of people. And yeah, we'd love to have you in there.

As I said, if this video has been useful, give it a like, comment below to let me know, comment below if you've got any questions. And of course, subscribe to my YouTube channel if you haven't done so already. Click the little bell notifications to turn on alerts whenever I publish a new video, which I do a couple of times per week usually.

And yeah, I'll talk to you guys soon. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye.