Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you my favourite, my number one tool for Facebook advertising success. Now this is only a tool that's been available in 2019, it's only a tool that's been available for the last month or so. It's very, very new and extremely powerful.

So I've got it right in front of me and I'll explain why now. So it's called the Facebook Ads Library. It's a completely free tool provided you've got a Facebook ad account you can access this tool.

It's something that Facebook have provided for everyone and they've basically done it for privacy reasons. They want their platform to be as transparent as possible, they want anyone to be able to come in and check the ads that any business is currently running within Facebook. But of course for us marketers that presents an incredible opportunity because if you're advertising on Facebook you're really struggling to work out how it works.

Let's say you're trying different campaign types, you're trying different sales funnels, different strategies, you're wondering what will work for me etc etc. Well you can cut that learning phase down enormously. Save yourself thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars in testing and basically copy or model from some of your competitors that you know are delivering great results on Facebook.

I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. So here I am, the Facebook Ads Library. I'll include a link to this in the video description.

And let's say for example I was running, I was selling digital marketing related courses. Now one of the best sellers of digital marketing related courses in the world is a company called Digital Marketer. So I could come in here and I could search for Digital Marketer, find their page specifically, select them there.

Now first thing I'll say is you can filter by country so if you want to see the ads they're running in the US versus let's say the UK or Canada, something like that, I can go ahead and change these. You can see all the different countries they're advertising in. Interestingly, Bermuda and Greenland make the list which is very interesting.

Okay, so here you can see the ads that they're currently running. It's an absolutely phenomenal tool. So let's say for example we take this one here and we go in and click see ad details.

So you can see absolutely everything. You can see the copy that they've used. You can see the image if they've used a video like they have here.

I can play it and listen to the video. I can see their headline. I can see their newsfeed link description.

I can see different versions of the ad. See down here it says this ad has multiple versions. One of two.

I can click on the other one, take a look at that. So that's incredible. That's already a great fantastic feature, a brilliant Facebook advertising tool to help you improve the results for Facebook ads.

If you're a carpet cleaner or a architect or a plumber, take a look at some of your competitors that you know are delivering great results on Facebook and see exactly what they're doing in terms of their Facebook ads. Now if you're in a position where you don't know whether they're actually delivering great results on Facebook, I've got a technique for how you can tell that in a second. I'm going to get to that just now.

But one of the reasons why this is so important for Facebook advertising success is that if you've been watching my videos you'll know that a big part of having success with Facebook ads is not just the ad itself it's what happens after the ad. So the landing page, the process that your prospects are taken through in order to make a sale or generate a lead is very very important. And with this Facebook ads library tool you can see that as well.

So obviously I've got all the ad data in here but I can click, I'm going to open that in a new tab, I can click on that link and that will take me through to the landing page that digital marketers are sending their prospects through to from that ad. So I can see exactly how they've got this page set up, you know I can see they've got buy now buttons, all the copy, everything in here, their imagery, they've got this up at the top, all this sort of stuff. So not only can you see the ad you can also see their entire process after that.

Fantastically powerful feature, I really hope you don't underestimate how important that is. You can use this and you can funnel hack people, you can take a look at their Facebook advertising setup, at their ads themselves and then the subsequent sales pages to see what what is working and what isn't for those businesses. Now I said a second ago, I'm going to come back into here, that you may not know, you know you may know of examples of competitors that are having great results with Facebook, in which case fantastic, use those, go ahead and model from what they're doing.

But you may not, you may not know any competitors that are, you may be a plumber for example going, do plumbing companies have success with Facebook ads, is that even a thing? Here's a way to find out. So let's say you come in here, you find, you know, a plumbing company in your industry, you go to their Facebook page, you check out their data.

Number one, are they running ads? If they're running ads, there's a good, a reasonable chance that those ads are working, if they're not, perhaps not. If they're not running ads, it doesn't necessarily mean it hasn't worked, just might mean that they haven't tested it yet.

So keep that in mind. But here's the real kicker. If you scroll down, you can see, it's going to take a second to load because I'm recording at the same time, you can see, I'll just get to a reasonable point.

Okay, here we go. This will do. You can see when the ad was started.

So this one here, it says started running on November 2nd, 2018. Now I'm recording this in August of 2019. If this ad wasn't successful and didn't produce great results, there's no way the digital marketer would have carried on running that for nine months.

No chance. They would have stopped running that ad. So this ad here is obviously delivering great results.

And if you go in and you do this exercise and you see that a company has been running an ad for six months, nine months, a year, that ad and the subsequent sales funnel after it, so their landing page, the offer, all that stuff that goes with the successful Facebook advertising setup, that will also be working. So that gives you much more confidence that you can model from the setup that they've got from an ad. You know, I could keep going further back, all the way back to October 2018.

That should make you very, very confident that what you're modeling from is working for them. And therefore, it's very, very likely to work for you. And that's why I think the Facebook Ads Library is just such a fantastic Facebook advertising tool, can really help people succeed with Facebook advertising.

Because so many times I see people create ads where they're trying to work it out. And they could work it out, provided they're willing to spend enough time and spend enough money on testing and figuring out the process and testing different ads, different landing pages, all that sort of stuff. But you can massively, massively shrink the time frame around that process by using the Facebook Ads Library tool, coming in, checking out some competitors that operate, that offer similar products and services to yours, see what they're doing and model from that.

And it can make a huge, huge difference to the success of your business. And yeah. So hopefully you found this video useful.

If you have, please give it a thumbs up. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel. If you enjoyed the video, please pop a comment below.

Always makes my day when people say great video. So I appreciate that. Before you go, something I really, really quickly want to mention, which is my five-part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free.

So this ad template includes some of the best performing ads that I've personally created for a number of different clients. They perform very, very well. They are spread across different industries.

You can obviously model from them. If you haven't got enough data from here, you can obviously model from that template. I've sort of broken each ad down into its component parts and explained what I've included and why.

So it should be really useful if you are looking for better results from Facebook advertising. It's free to download. All you want to do is click on the link in the video description and you can download it there for free.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.