If someone was to ask me what's the number one mistake that you see service businesses make when they're advertising on Facebook, I'd have to say it's not taking an omnipresence approach. Too many service providers when they're advertising on Facebook they want to generate sales calls right away and then they want to convert those calls into customers as soon as possible. But Facebook's not a good advertising platform to do that, it doesn't really lend itself very well to that sort of customer acquisition.

On Facebook it's much better to take a small group of hyper responsive prospects, people that you know are interested in the services you provide and consistently advertise to them. With an omnipresence approach to Facebook advertising you show up in your prospects news feeds every single day and over time you explain your methodology, you show you them how you can help them and you demonstrate the fantastic results you can get for them and you have got for previous customers. And doing this makes you an authority in your industry and when you're seen as an authority you'll be able to charge a price that you're worth and you'll find it so much easier to convert prospects into customers when you do talk to them over the phone or when you do meet with them.

And the way Facebook works makes this approach possible for regular businesses. Before you needed multi million pound budgets to spend on TV ads and radio, Coca-Cola have done this famously and it cost too much for regular business to take this sort of omnipresence approach. But by being super specific and only being omnipresent to your hyper responsive prospects, people you know are interested in your services, you can do it for a fraction of the cost that it costs these bigger brands, you can make it much more affordable but still very very effective.

So if you're a service based business and you want the best results from Facebook over the long run, be omnipresent to your hyper responsive prospects. Identify a group of people that you know are interested in the services you provide and advertise to them consistently. Thanks a lot guys, bye bye.