Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from LeadGuru and in this video I want to talk about Black Friday and Facebook advertising and what Black Friday strategy you should use to make the most with your Facebook ads during that time period. Basically, during Black Friday the cost of Facebook advertising increases significantly. So roughly two weeks out you might see a little bit of a cost increase, so you might see 20% or so cost increase.

Maybe the week of it goes up to about 50% and then around Black Friday itself you might see as much as a doubling in cost for Facebook and Instagram advertising. And that's simply because there's a lot more advertiser activity on the platform. And the more advertisers are bidding to advertise to people on Facebook and Instagram, it operates on an auction system, so the more that pushes the price up for everyone.

So when it comes to which Facebook advertising strategy should I use for Black Friday, I split things up into two camps. Either you want to take advantage of it or you want to try and avoid it. So whilst the cost of Facebook advertising might be higher during Black Friday, so is buyer activity.

People expect to see lots of deals and discounts. A lot of people use it as a time to get all of their Christmas shopping done because they can buy things at a discounted rate and benefit from that. So if you're a business, if it makes sense for you to be able to offer Black Friday deals, Black Friday discounts, special sales, 50% off, 60% off, 30% off depending on your business.

So a lot of e-commerce companies would fall into that category. A lot of local businesses, restaurants, hair salons would fall into that category. Anything online, anything digital would also fall into that category.

You can use a Black Friday discount, Black Friday deal, as a great way to activate a lot of new customers and reactivate a lot of old customers that haven't bought from you in a while. Okay? So those businesses, I think you want to make the most of it, make everything very Black Friday-y.

So you want your ad imagery to have Black Friday on it, you want your copy to have Black Friday on it, headline, etc. You want to make absolutely sure that your prospects know that this is a Black Friday deal that you're offering. It's a limited time only, it will go away after Black Friday.

If they want to take advantage of it, they need to jump on it and go ahead and buy as soon as possible. If your business is not set up that way at all, let's say you're a service provider and the service that you provide is something that takes months and months. It's not a quick service that you could discount, it's very comprehensive.

Okay, maybe you can't come up with a Black Friday deal, which just doesn't really make sense. In that case, I would look to avoid it altogether or at least scale back your campaigns during that time period. Because you don't want to be paying twice as much per lead for, let's say, the 10 days around Black Friday.

That's a waste of money. You can easily pause your campaigns for that time, come back after it or scale your campaigns back down. It's often the better approach.

Use a bid cap to make sure that your costs don't increase too much. I'll include a link in the video description to a video that I created all about how to create bid caps and how they work on that sort of stuff. And that's a good option if you want to keep your campaigns running, keep generating leads, let's say, but you don't want to be paying twice as much for them.

You can use a bid cap to mitigate that. But just be aware that it might be better to have a little bit less volume during this time period in order to not pay the higher costs. Obviously, that's going to depend on your business, but that's usually what I'd recommend and what I say to most of our clients.

So those are the sort of two approaches. It's a very exciting time for some businesses. For others, a time to catch up on a few other things whilst you scale your campaigns back down.

Before I go, something I want to quickly mention is my Facebook Ads Mastermind Group. Free Facebook group. It's got over 10,000 members.

Fantastic community. We'd love to have you in there. There'll be a link in the video description.

You can go ahead and join. Ask your Facebook advertising related questions. There'll be experts, including myself, happy to answer and weigh in on those.

As I said, fantastic community full of people wanting to get better results in Facebook advertising. So I strongly recommend you get involved. Of course, if you've got Black Friday questions, you can pop them in there right now as well.

If you enjoyed this video, please like it. Please comment below to let me know. Always appreciate it when you guys do that.

Obviously, if you've got any questions, pop them in the comments. And obviously, don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content. Thanks a lot, guys.

Bye-bye.