To get great results with Facebook ads, you have to stay up to date with the very latest on the platform as changes are being made all the time. And because of those changes and some of the new features that we're now using, we've had to completely change our recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. In my last video, I showed you how to use Dynamic Creative, something I'd recommend you do.

And in this video, I'm going to show you our new campaign structure when using Dynamic Creative. Now, before we get into that, I need to make it very clear when you should and shouldn't use this new campaign structure. So if you're using, for example, the direct offer strategy where you're directly advertising your products and services, you're wanting someone to click on your ads, come through and either buy or inquire and become a lead.

Absolutely, you want to be testing Dynamic Creative and then you want to be using this new campaign structure. However, if you're using the omnipresent content strategy, something you may have seen on some of my other videos where you've got many different ads going to the same people again and again and again over time to build trust, relationship, etc. Often used for service-based businesses, businesses with high average customer value.

You don't want to use Dynamic Creative and you also don't want to use this new campaign structure that I'm about to cover you. I would say 80 to 90% of advertisers fall into the first category where you do want to use Dynamic Creative and you do want to use this campaign structure, but just wanted to make that very clear up front. Okay, next I want to quickly show you what our previous campaign structure looked like before I then show you the new one.

That'll highlight the differences and I'll also explain which one you do actually want to use. It's not like everyone wants to switch over to the new one. So bear with me for a few seconds whilst we quickly recap this and then we'll get on to the new stuff because I think it's really important.

So I'm in an example ad account. I've just prepped up what I've called here an example traditional campaign to show you that this was the previous version. I want to quickly run through the structure of so you can see the differences.

So firstly, we've got one campaign per product range or service offering. Typically, we are going to be using Advantage Campaign Budget, what used to be called Campaign Budget Optimization. That's going to be turned on.

So the budget is set at the campaign level as opposed to the ad set level and we're going to allow Meta to distribute budget across the various ad sets. Okay, then within that campaign, we're going to have three to five ad sets live at any one time and those are going to be targeting different audiences which allowed us to test different targeting options. So as an example, it might look something like this.

We might have one ad set targeting a lookalike, another ad set targeting an interest, another ad set with all the retargeting, so all the warm audiences in it, and then another ad set just open targeting, targeting everyone. Now this can vary. We might have two with interests or two with lookalikes instead and mix and match, but that's the basic structure that we'd use at the ad set level.

And then within each one of those ad sets, we're going to have usually three to four ads live at any one time. So I've just prepped up here, you know, image ad one, image ad two, video ad one, video ad two, and that's going to be across all the different ad sets and that allows us to test creative options alongside testing targeting options. So we can see, is video ad one going to perform better or image ad two going to perform better, and then we can adjust accordingly.

So if we're running, for example, the direct to offer strategy, looking to directly sell a product, directly get leads for a service, that would be a structure that we would have used previously. Now when we're using dynamic creative, we're going to mix things up and you'll see the new campaign structure is quite different. Oh, and by the way, if you would like the results that we got for this client or for this client, you can click on the link in the video description below.

There you'll be able to find out more about our done for you Facebook ad services. Okay, so I've jumped over to another example ad account of ours where I've prepped up a different campaign, this one with the new campaign structure that does use dynamic creative, because we need to change things quite considerably here, because dynamic creative really is quite a big deal. Kind of a big deal.

Now when we're using dynamic creative, that's giving meta so many more variables with which to test, because instead of one ad just having a single image, one headline, one primary text, we can have up to 10 different creative options, plus a number of different headline options, a number of different primary text options. And within one ad, you can actually have dozens of variations that meta can test. And we need to factor that into the rest of our campaign and make adjustments.

It's been true in Facebook advertising for a long time that you don't want to overload the system. If you give too many variables, too many things to test, results drop off. And it makes sense because meta's then got so much to test.

And during that testing window, where they work out exactly this combination with this combination, this combination, this combination, your results can be quite poor as the wrong things are tested in the wrong scenarios. So you want to be careful overloading. It's why with the previous structure, we never ran with, you know, 40 different ads in an ad set, or we didn't have 20 different ad sets in a campaign, it was just too much.

So when we're increasing the number of variables, as we are with dynamic creative at the ad level, we need to compensate by decreasing some of the stuff elsewhere. Okay, so the first change we're going to make is we're not going to use advantage campaign budget, what used to be called a campaign budget optimization. And we're going to instead put the budget at the ad set level.

Now we're doing this because it's one less thing for meta to work out. It does mean that it's more time and effort for us as advertisers, instead of just having the budget at the campaign level, and allowing meta to work out and allocate budget according to performance, which is something I've really liked about the previous structure, especially when it came to retargeting ad sets being included. Because if your warm audience grew, for example, meta would allocate more budget automatically to its audiences.

And that was great. And that was relatively hands free and helped you get better results. With this structure, I don't think it's a good idea.

I think you want to set the budget at the ad set level, it does require more effort, but it gives meta one less thing to worry about. And we've tested this, it just seems to hold true that we're getting better results with the budget set at the ad set level when using dynamic creative, you also avoid the issue where all your budget when using advantage campaign budget is spent on just one ad set, let's say you've got a few different ad sets, one of them is open targeting, it just gets all the budget, none of those get any budget, and you're not really able to test, which is becoming more and more of a problem is definitely a problem when you're using dynamic creative. So if you set the budget, the ad set level, you also avoid those issues.

Okay, so that's the first change we're going to make. Then we jump to the ad set level. And what we're going to do is reduce the number of ad sets, you can still test different targeting options, but just don't test as many all at once.

Okay, so for example, we've gone down from four in the previous campaign structure to two here, we've got one testing interest targeting, and one testing open targeting, again, with the budget set at the ad set level, as opposed to the campaign level. And that makes sense, right? We've got many more variables at the ad level, let's just help meta out and reduce the variables at the ad set level.

You can still test lots of different targeting options, just don't do it all at once. So we might test these two for a week, two weeks, something like that, see which one performs best, pause the performer, and then test a new one in again. So you can still test 15 different targeting options if you want, but just do it over time, not all in one go.

The other thing you'll notice is that we're breaking out our retargeting ad sets into a separate retargeting campaign. Okay, I haven't got that shown in here, that would just be a standalone campaign with a retargeting ad set, and then a dynamic creative ad within it. So very, very simple structure in there.

But we're going to break that out. It's something we've been experimenting with quite a bit recently, we're starting to see better results. And I think if you're not going to be using advantage campaign budget, and you're going to be controlling the budget for that particular retargeting ad set anyway, why not just break it out into separate campaign, allow it to optimize according to its own dynamics, its own dimensions, because a retargeting audience is going to respond differently to a cold audience.

And there's going to be optimization around that meta, for example, needs to work out what the right frequency is, it's going to be different if you've got warm audiences versus if you're targeting cold audiences. So break that out into separate campaign. And that also helps reduce the variables within this campaign.

Then we get to the ad level. And of course, this is something that I would recommend anyway, but meta actually forces it, you can only have one ad per ad set, that's still plenty, you're still actually testing more variables with one dynamic ad than you were under the previous setup with four different ads, because you can have many more creative options and things like that. So one ad per ad set, quite straightforward.

So that's a pretty straightforward dynamic creative campaign structure. And the big question is, which one should you use? Because as I've said, it's not like everyone should be switching over to this new campaign structure, there are still scenarios where you want to use the old campaign structure.

So firstly, if you're using anything like omnipresent content, something where you wouldn't use dynamic creative, don't use this new structure, stick to the old ways of doing things covered in separate videos. Also, if you're really new to Facebook advertising, I wouldn't recommend you use dynamic creative and therefore use this campaign structure yet. Dynamic creative is not super advanced, but a bit more of an advanced feature, it can be more complicated to work out which elements are performing best and for you to learn your business, learn how it works on Facebook ads, learn what sort of thing gets results.

I'd go with the older structure where you've got more traditional ads and you can see exactly easily this image did well, this video did well. I think for learning as a beginner, that's the better approach. But once you've sort of done that, you've been running campaigns for a few months, you feel like you're ready to take a step up, this is what I'd recommend you move to, particularly if you're using something like the direct to offer strategy or like a lead magnet first strategy or something along those lines, I'd really give this a go.

There are so many changes happening to Facebook ads right now, so make sure you subscribe and I'll do my best to keep you up to date. Speaking of which, Meta is currently in the process of rolling out a brand new way to run Facebook ads. It's a completely new campaign type and I show you exactly how it works here.

I also explain when you do and don't want to use it. Early testing has given us some really interesting results.