I am very excited to let you know about a new Facebook Ads feature that is going to help us get more clicks and better results. We've already done some testing with this new feature for our clients and seen an improvement in CTR, which is fantastic. Let me show you what I'm talking about.

I'm in an example Facebook ad account. I'm in Ads Manager. I'm going to go ahead and create an example campaign to demonstrate what it is I'm talking about.

I'm going to use the leads objective for demonstration purposes, click continue, and then I'm going to select manual leads campaigns as if you're new to my videos, that's what I typically recommend. People who know what they're doing want to go with the manual version of either a leads campaign or a sales campaign as opposed to the automated or tailored versions most of the time. Okay, so we've got our leads campaign.

I'm not going to worry about any of the other settings at the campaign ad set, et cetera, level other than what I need to specifically show you for this new feature. I have other tutorials that walk through absolutely everything. So if you want to check out that, you can.

What I'm going to do is quickly jump to the ad set level because we need to change the default conversion location from Instant Forms. Instant Forms is where someone clicks on a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad and they're presented with a form where they can fill out their information, probably familiar with those. But for this new feature, you need to be using the website option instead.

And that's where someone clicks on an ad on Facebook, Instagram, and then goes through to your website or your landing page. It's probably what most Facebook advertisers use for the leads objective, but also for sales objective, wanting to generate purchases via their Shopify store, for example, although there are other alternatives. Okay, that's what we need to do at the ad set level in order to turn on this new feature.

And then if we jump to the ad level, we will see it down here. So again, I'm going to scroll past, you know, identity ad setup, all that sort of stuff, and get to this new ad sources section. Now, if you follow the process that I've just been through, and you don't see this ad sources section, that's because you don't yet have it in your ad account.

We see this now in some of our meta ad accounts, but not all. Meta does that with new features. They roll things out to certain ad accounts early.

They want to test things, make sure that nothing breaks, and then provided all goes well, it gets rolled out to other ad accounts. So I just wanted to let you know, in case you have a look at this and you're like, where is it? What am I doing wrong?

Maybe nothing. It might just be that you don't have this yet. But we have seen this feature being rolled out quite aggressively, quite quickly for meta.

They normally take a long time, and it's just a few little ad accounts, and then they spread it out. Whereas actually, we've seen this pop up in a lot of ad accounts relatively fast. So I imagine most people who don't yet have this will have it very soon.

So let me start by explaining what this ad sources section is, what it allows us to do, and how it's actually going to help us get more clicks and better results. So you can see that meta have got a bit of information here, and they say connect ad sources to include more information in your ad that can help inspire action. So can you provide more details, more info in the ad itself that's going to help people be convinced to purchase, click through and become a lead, all that sort of stuff.

Then we've got this next part here, asterisk next to it, called website URL. And it says, enter a website URL to automatically enhance your ad with site links. So what site links allow people to do is to click on a link that is different from the main destination of your ad and go through to different places on your website.

So if the main part of your ad, let's say we're advertising our Facebook advertising services, and we want to send people through to our homepage to check out more information. Well, we could have different site links to different things. We could have site links to a case studies page, or we could have site links directly to the done for you services page on our website where people can fill out their information.

We could have a site link directly through to testimonials. We could have a site link directly through some of our other offers, like our mentorship program, for example. So you could add in these different site links and people, instead of just clicking through to the main destination of the ad, can then go, oh, actually, I do want to check out their case studies.

I'm going to click through to their first directly. And if you're familiar with Google advertising, if everyone adds on Google, they've had site links for a long time. And they can be really powerful in not only getting more clicks, because people have more options, and it's more tailored, potentially, to what they're looking for.

They don't have to come through to your website and find where they want to go. They can just, boom, oh, I want to go straight through to the contact page. I'm going to go ahead and do that.

And that also helps with conversions, because if people are more likely to click through, they're obviously more likely to convert. If people find what they're looking for, they're obviously more likely to convert. So it's something that I'm really glad that Meta has.

Added Meta does often add in features where possible that have previously been used on Google Ads that we know work, which is a good thing. Helps improve our ad results. And that's what we're looking at with here.

Okay, so then we need to enter in our URL in here. And you can see the example is example.com forward slash page. So you could either enter in your homepage, or you could enter in pages specific to products or services.

If there's like a category page, maybe you want to advertise with different options for that category. It's what you enter here is going to depend on what you eventually put into your site links. So let's say, for example, you're advertising a number of different products with your site links that are all within one category.

Then you probably want to put in the category page in here. If you've only got two or three services, and you're going to have site links to each one, maybe you just want to enter in the homepage of the website, which is what I'm going to do for demonstration purposes. Or you could even get more specific and go for an individual product page.

And then perhaps the site links are going to link through to different pages that cover different elements of it. It's going to depend what you enter on your business. But if you start with your homepage, you kind of can't go wrong.

Okay, you can always get more specific later and have a play. Now I've entered in there and you can see that Meta hasn't been able to find like specific information to generate site links automatically. That's absolutely fine.

You may well see that your site links are generated for you automatically. And that's great. We haven't had that.

We can add in this case, but we can go ahead and add them in manually. Not a problem. So we can see site links here showcase additional URLs with photos to offer more ways for people to take action.

So we can go ahead and click on add. So we've got our main homepage here, heathmedia.co.uk, but we can add in more. We need at least three, as you can see Meta is saying, to be able to display them on your ad.

You need to add at least three site links. So we click add more here. So we can have a link directly to our done for you services page.

Like I mentioned, if people are interested in our done for you Facebook advertising services, then we can add in the label. So that's the text that's going to appear with the link. So this needs to be something that people are going to understand if it's taking people through to a contact page, like say contact, if it's taking people through to a portfolio, say portfolio.

So something in there that people understand. And then this is the actual URL itself where people are going to be taken. So I'm just going to go ahead and grab that.

Pop that in there and then click add. Okay. So we've now got our done for you services and they're taken straight through to the done for you page on our website.

People want us to manage their Facebook and Instagram ads. By the way, there'll be a link to that in the video description in case you are interested in my agency, managing, creating, optimizing your Facebook and Instagram campaigns for you, saving time, getting you better results. We can obviously add more, right?

Okay. So we could link through to our case studies page. Perhaps that's what people want to go and directly check out before they're willing to work with us.

They want to see what results have you been able to get. Let's go and have a look. And they might want to be able to click through straight through there.

And that's going to help convince someone to convert, become a lead and eventually go on to work with us, right? You might have testimonial pages, case study pages, portfolio pages. This is going to vary depending on your business.

So I've grabbed the URL for that and I can pop that in there, right? In the results section. Okay.

Now we can go ahead and add another one in. We often have questions from potential customers who are asking us, you know, what type of businesses do you work with? Would you work with my type of business?

So we could have a link to a part of our website that directly addresses that. So for example, we could have in here who we work with and then we could enter in the URL that's specific to that and go ahead and add that in. Now you can see these URLs actually just sections of the done for you page because we've got that information in there.

You might have separate pages instead. Either way is absolutely fine. What you enter in here, you really want to have a little think about, okay, what is the information that we know people want before they work with us?

So for example, I've added in just straight up to the done for you services. People want to be able to come through to there and find out what the service is all about. I know that people want to see case studies before they work with us.

Completely understand why. I know that people want to know what types of businesses we work with before they book a call because they're not wanting to waste their time if they book a call in their own e-commerce business. We say, you know, we only work with lead generation businesses.

We don't, by the way. We work with e-commerce businesses, lead generation businesses, all sorts, but it's useful to have that information in there, okay? So we've got our three in there.

You could add more if you wanted to. Have a little think about what information you want people to be able to access directly straight away. Add those in and then click save.

Okay, so now we can see that we've got these three site links added under here. So that's done. We can turn on the ad preview.

Now we haven't added in any other information like creative, headlines, primary text. I've got other videos about that stuff. Link will be in the video description in case you're interested.

And unfortunately, we can't see what the site links look like on the preview on the right hand side, even if you go and add in this other stuff. I think it's because it's a brand new feature and Meta just hasn't set up this preview to be able to demonstrate it yet. I imagine that will happen.

You may well be going through this by the time you watch this video and implement it and see that, but it's not available as of the time of recording. But we can see a preview of this because Meta has this little section here called see how it works. And you can see the three site links to the ones in blue.

They basically show up beneath your ad. And if I click on this, then we've got a more detailed example. Meta's got help information about all of this stuff.

And then we can scroll down and we can see it. Look, this is what it looks like here, right? So here's the ad itself.

And then we've got beneath this headline, we've got these three site links in here. They've got makeup, fragrance and body. And that's exactly what that would look like on a phone, obviously on a mobile device underneath the headline.

And that's where they're going to show up and quite easy and obvious people to click on them. They've obviously got in this scenario, the shop now button, but they've also got those three buttons if they wanted to go through to those various locations. As we've discussed, what you use here is going to vary depending on the business that you use and what it is that you want to send people to, what information quickly and easily that you know is going to help convince them to purchase, become a lead, etc.

Now in this help section, we've also got some really valuable information. So you can see at the moment, note ads with site links can only be delivered to the ad placement Facebook feed. Okay, so site links are only showing up on the Facebook feed right now.

Will it be rolled out to other placements? Probably. I can't say with any certainty, but I would expect so.

Meta normally tries things out, as I've said, in one location or, you know, a few ad accounts or whatever first, and then looks to roll it out if it works. I imagine this is going to get rolled out, but just something to be aware of. And then if we scroll down further, we've got this how to create ads with site links in ads manager section.

And, you know, we've walked through the process, but one thing I did want to highlight was the ad objectives, the campaign objectives that enable this. So you can see it says select either traffic, engagement, leads, or sales as your ad objective to be able to use site links. So there are obviously ad objectives not included in that that you won't be able to use site links with.

They've mentioned ad promotion as an example. And they also say that if you select the sales as your ad objective, and you want to use site links, then you need to toggle off, use a catalog at the campaign level. If you want to be able to use this feature that may or may not be worth it to you, depending on what you're looking to do, but just something you need to be aware of.

If you're trying to set this up, thinking, why isn't this showing up? It may be because you're not using the right campaign objective, or you're trying to use a catalog with a sales campaign. So I would definitely encourage you to use this feature if you have it, or at least give it a go to test it out.

I think there's a very limited downside in doing so. And as I said, we are seeing an improvement in CTR and have a little think about how you could use this and how you could get the most out of this. We've already discussed some options.

You could have site links through to reviews or a portfolio or testimonials. But there's other things you could link through to. If you've got a product that comes with a great warranty, you could link straight through to the warranty.

If people are concerned about a refund policy, that's one of the things that your prospects want to know about before they purchase, you could link straight through to a refund policy, particularly if it's a good selling point. Think about the areas in which you have competitive advantage, your product or service has competitive advantage, and things that you know are going to help convince people to take that next action to purchase, to become a lead, etc. And link straight through to those.

I think there's limited downside in doing so. And people might click through on a site link to a place where they find the information that helps convince them to go ahead that they wouldn't get to if they just came through to the same main destination of the ad that everyone is going through. So quite excited about this feature, and I'd recommend that you go ahead and give it a go.

Okay, once you do give it a go, there is a way that you can track the specific performance of those site links, like how many clicks I'm actually getting on each one of these and where people are going and all that sort of stuff. I'm going to show you that now. So I'm back in Ads Manager, I'm just going to go ahead and close that down.

I'm going to close down the help as well. And then we're going to go ahead and select breakdown. And then you want to do by website URL, you can just search in here, and it'll pop right up.

Now, obviously, this isn't going to display any data because this is an example ad account, this campaign isn't live. But if you're familiar with breakdowns, you would then see it broken down by website URL, like where your clicks were, and all that sort of stuff. If you're familiar with the breakdowns, you can go in and select all sorts of things.

You could select age, for example, and you add that in. And again, it's not going to display any data here, but you would then see the breakdown by how many clicks did we get for this age range, this age range, this age range, or how many conversions did we get, etc, etc. So really useful info.

And that's very simply how you go ahead and do it. It's just website URL. And that's how you check up on the data.

And you might see that certain site links are getting much more clicks than others. Or when people click on certain site links, they go through and convert at a much higher percentage rate. So you might see better return on ad spend numbers and therefore want to tailor it, maybe even change the main destination of the ad to go through to that specific site link instead.

That's working really well. So really useful data. And this is how you go ahead and check it out.

Now, whenever Meta adds new features like this, but hasn't yet fully rolled it out, so certain ad accounts have it, but others don't, that is a big competitive advantage for people that do have it. So if you have it, I'd recommend jumping on it. Like I said, there's limited downside.

It's helping with click through rates so far. I think it's also going to help with conversion rates. We know it does with Google ads that has the exact same feature has a site link feature.

So yeah, quite excited about this. If you do give it a go, let me know how it goes in the comments. Now going from one new feature to another huge aspect of Facebook advertising that has changed enormously over the past year, and that's targeting.

We are now doing things very differently when it comes to Facebook ads targeting because of these changes. And in this video, I show you everything that you need to know to get fully up to speed with the best way to do Facebook ads targeting now.