In this video, I'm going to show you the new Facebook video ad features that Meta have just released. These new features highlight some crazy data that you just have to see. Let me show what I'm talking about.

So I'm in one of our active Facebook ad accounts here, and I've navigated to a retargeting campaign and gone to the ad set level. And this is just a very simple retargeting campaign that's being kept on ticking over with a small budget, but it's got a couple of video ads in it to allow us to demonstrate these new video ad features. So there's three new features here that I want to go through.

I'll start with the most boring, the least useful, and work my way up to the really quite interesting and surprising stuff. Okay, so if you go ahead and select columns and then go on video engagement, we can see that there's some new data points in here. So we've had this stuff on the right hand side for a while, like video plays at 25%, 50%, 75%, all that sort of stuff.

But now we also have two second continuous video plays and then cost per, and then three second video plays and then cost per. And if you highlight over any of these, you'll see that Meta is saying that this metric is in development. And like a lot of things that are new in a Facebook ad account, a lot of things that are in development, these two data points have not been calculated for this particular ad set.

That'll come with time. These two, on the other hand, have three second video plays and then obviously cost per. Now, the most interesting thing I think to quickly look at is to compare what, say, your three second video plays are to your total plays.

So if we scroll over, you can see that total video plays is 25,182, but only 4,273 of those, so 20%, have even managed a three second video play. Okay, so that's worth bearing in mind that when you just look at the total number of video plays, that can potentially be quite a misleading data point. Obviously, I'd still prefer you look at the higher percentages.

I think that's much more valuable data, even through plays, which is a bit of a weird metric because through plays is 15 seconds, even though it sounds like they watch the whole video. That would be more useful to look at than this stuff. Not super useful, but it's in there.

More data is, by and large, a better thing. Okay, so the next change to take a look at is breakdown. We've got some really new, useful breakdown information.

Okay, so if you click on breakdown and then you go to buy action and then click on here, video view type, which is very new. And this is some really fascinating data because we can now see of the people that watched our video, how many of those were autoplay, the video just started playing automatically, and how many of those actually took an action and clicked to play. Now, of course, the people that have clicked to play are going to be better prospects.

They're more engaged, they've taken an action. A lot of people that are watching it on autoplay, they may be watching TV and it's just sort of playing in the background. They may be distracted, they may be mindlessly scrolling and just hovered over it.

Now, of course, they're going to be people that have started, it started autoplaying and they've just kept it there and watched through a chunk of the video, but click to play is going to be going to be more valuable. Now, we've already talked about the fact that, you know, total video plays is a bit of a misleading metric. So we'll start with this three second video plays.

And we can see that the vast, vast, vast majority of the video views are coming from autoplay, which is not a great metric. It's not the best thing that I want to see. I'm going to explain what we can do about it, what it means in a minute.

But a tiny percentage of the total number of plays at this level come from click to play. Now, what's interesting is that as you go further and further through the video, the proportion of people that have clicked to play is greater. Basically, the people that have clicked to play, they stick around longer than the autoplays on average, which makes sense, right?

So here we've lost 85, 80% of autoplays, but we've only lost 55% of click to play. And as we go further and further, you can see that the drop off is far less as an overall percentage than it is in the autoplay, where we've got more than 10% of the people that made it all the way through the video coming from click to play far, far less at say, three second video plays. So this is very interesting data.

And I'd very much encourage you to come in and take a look at this if you are running video ads on Facebook, Instagram, etc. And I don't want you to think that autoplay video views are useless. That's certainly not the case.

If you think about your own consumption, I'm sure you will start watching a video via autoplay and then keep going and get engaged and watch it and things like that. But it is worth bearing in mind. And it is a bit of a shocking metric that that few people are actually clicking to play.

Okay, so that's the first new breakdown option. But there's another one. So if you're going to breakdown by action beneath video view type, we've got video sound.

This is also something I definitely recommend you take a look at. So this shows us how many people are watching our video ads with the sound on versus with the sound off. And just like with the previous example, the people that are turning the sound on, those are better prospects, they're more engaged, they're taking an action.

And we can see that play out. So if we take a look at three second video plays, we can see that about three quarters of the people that have watched these videos at the three second video play reach that metric. And they've done so with the sound off, which is really quite a lot.

Now, as we scroll across, we can see that the people that have the sound on are far more likely to watch more of the video, just like with the click to play versus autoplay, right? So we've got three quarters of the people viewing with the sound off three second video plays. But by the time we make it to 25%, it's already switched around people with the sound on make it to that point far more regularly.

And then you can see as we keep going along the metrics, people who have got the video sound on are far more likely to consume more of the video. So what does this data mean for us as meta advertisers for those of us running particularly video ads on Facebook and Instagram, because it seems quite discouraging, it's not as bad as you think. And there's things we can we can do about it.

Firstly, don't think that video ads are the be all end all. And they always produce the best results. That's just not the case that hasn't been the case for a long time.

There are businesses that see better results with image ads, carousel ads, slideshow ads, ads that are easier to consume. And the reason why is this data that we're looking at here, not many people are going to turn the sound on a lot of these video views are just autoplay. And the ask from you to your prospects to get them to watch a video is a big one.

A lot of people just aren't going to do it if they can just consume and understand what your ad is in a split second like they can with an image that may well perform better. Video ads aren't bad, definitely test them. Test video ads, test them against other formats and go with whichever format produces the best results for you.

Just don't pin your hopes on video completely. Now if you are going to use video ads and that does produce the best results for you, there's a few things you need to make sure you do. Firstly, get your message across as quickly as possible.

One of the best ways to do this is to use some text overlay that summarizes maybe the main point that you're trying to make. Let's say for example you're running video ads for a flash sale that you're currently running and you're doing it to warm audiences. Well you could have a banner or text or something on top of the video that says 30% all products until the end of May or whatever it happens to be.

That allows people to understand what's being offered and the main thing that the ad is providing in a split second. They can watch the video or not and they still get the message. If you can do something like that, think about how you can do it, that can make a big difference.

The second thing is that captions are absolutely necessary and you have to check your captions or write them yourself to make sure that they are accurate because as we've seen a lot, a lot of people, the last majority of people at those shorter video view times are not turning the sound on. So if you can get the message across with captions with other elements that perhaps would appear on your video in written format that don't require sound, that's something you definitely want to add. Adding that into your existing video ads could really improve your results.

And if you would like some help with your Facebook video ads or any form of Facebook and Instagram advertising, that's a service that my company Lead Guru offers. We're a specialist Facebook and Instagram advertising agency. We offer done-for-you services where we create, manage, and optimize Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for our clients.

If you want to find out more information, you can find a link in the video description below. Go ahead and click on that. You can book a call with one of my team members and find out all the info you need.

And if you're looking for an easier way to succeed with Facebook ads, then you have to check out this video. In it, I show you how to find and use ad creative that is all but guaranteed to succeed. When people ask me for Facebook advertising advice, this is where I send them.