In this video, I'm going to share with you the new Facebook ad tips, techniques, and strategies that are working really well right now. There's been an enormous amount of change to Facebook ads over the past half months, and I don't see that slowing down anytime soon. Fortunately, most of the changes are beneficial for us advertisers, but you have to stay up to date with the very latest techniques and strategies, or you'll be left behind.

This video will give you the very latest information that you can use to gain an edge over your competition. Tip number one is to embrace Advantage Plus. So the past few years, Meta has been rolling out more and more Advantage Plus products, whether that's Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or Advantage Plus audience, which is a targeting setup within manual campaigns.

And a lot of advertisers are still reluctant to use Advantage Plus. They'd rather stick with the old, more manual ways of doing things. But in most cases now, Advantage Plus products are going to deliver better performance than the non-Advantage Plus equivalent, whether that's Advantage Plus placements, which are effectively all placements, or you're actually editing placements and selecting certain ones manually.

Or like I said, using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns, if that's appropriate for your business, or using Advantage Plus audience, which is a targeting setup that allows you to give targeting criteria as suggestions, as opposed to sort of hard boundaries to allow Meta the flexibility to work out, yeah, okay, the advertiser thinks we should target these people, but let's have some flexibility in terms of our algorithm might be able to find other prospects that are just as good, if not better, and can produce better results. So it shouldn't be used, you shouldn't always use the Advantage Plus version in every case, but that should be your default. The default now should be use the Advantage Plus, test the alternative, see which one works best for your business, because there's always individual variants there.

But most of the time, the Advantage Plus option, in our experience, is going to deliver better results now. So embrace it, at least test it, if you're stuck just doing the old way of setting up campaigns, or placements, or targeting options, that you know, there's various Advantage Plus elements. And also be aware that these Advantage Plus products, they use AI, they use machine learning, they use, take advantage of a lot of Meta's automatic optimization processes, those are only getting better.

So I'm saying this today, that Advantage Plus is now performing better than the alternative in most scenarios. I imagine that in six months time, in a year's time, that's only going to be more true. So really something you want to embrace, and something you want to test.

Okay, so tip number two is to use, but be careful with creative enhancements. So just to quickly explain what they are, when you upload an image or a video as part of your ad, as your ad creative, often the most important part of your ad creative, Meta will then offer creative enhancements. Well actually, often now, they will automatically apply creative enhancements, and you can choose to not use them to deselect them as an advertiser.

And what creative enhancements are going to do is they're going to try and improve using AI, your imagery or your videos. And there are lots of different creative enhancement options, the ones that you see will depend on whether you're uploading an image or a video, you'll have different options. And it also depend on what's included within that image or a video.

Because if you've got a really simple background, then Meta might be able to automatically create more interesting backgrounds for you as an option. That's less likely to happen in images that have interesting or lots going on in the background anyway. So there's lots of different options.

So what I recommend you do for every ad creative that you upload, you need to go through the creative enhancement options. Don't just turn it all off, and don't just use it all. The best approach is somewhere in the middle.

You want to go through each one of those and go, yes, this works for my business. No, that doesn't work at all. Yes, that works, that doesn't work.

So I've got a few examples. So for example, like text overlay is one of the creative enhancement options. That's great if you've got like a simple image, perhaps it's just like a simple e-commerce type product image.

Great. Add a bit of text overlay, talking about the sale or the main benefit associated with the product or service or the price point. Brilliant.

Love that as a creative enhancement. But if you've already got a lot of text on your image, do you want then text overlay on top of it? Almost certainly not.

So that's very much like a case by case basis. Another example would be image generation or image background generation. That can work great if you're using simple e-commerce product style images.

But we've had a little experiment when we've been running retargeting ads for our services. And our ads obviously contain a picture of me because we're advertising them to warm audiences. And there's that personal brand element that I've got.

And there's recognition there. And we've got Meta to use that image generation creative enhancement based on the images that we've uploaded. And they've created a person that doesn't look anything like me.

And you're like, okay, well, that clearly won't work because we're putting this ad in front of warm audiences. And if there's no recognition, I say like, you know, why haven't you signed up for our agency services yet? Right?

It's like, well, that's not going to work if the person's completely different. So you've got to think about this. The AI is very sophisticated.

It's very smart. It's very powerful. It can be very helpful.

But there are all sorts of times where you do want to use things and don't. Do you want music added to your ads? Do you want the image to be animated?

Do you want filters applied to your videos? You have to assess each piece of ad creative individually. Come on a sec, take a look at this.

So this is in my mentorship program, right? And the results from Win's channel. And Tara has said this.

In two weeks of joining, my ROAS went from 0.7 to 8.03. And I've only implemented maybe 30% of the feedback that's given me so far, which is just, that's just incredible. That's awesome.

So Zoe up here, she joined the mentorship program with 35,000 raffle tickets. I was thinking she wasn't going to sell them. And she ended up selling out completely with two days to spare.

And we've got loads of others in here. We've got tons of people just sharing information around how they've done well, great results they've got. If you're interested, you can click on the button beneath this video.

That'll go through to a page on our website. You could book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more information. Hopefully we get to work together.

Hopefully you join and you'll be sharing fantastic results like Tara and Zoe have done just here. Number three, as the meta ads platform becomes more complicated, and it does that by the way to improve functionality, don't lose sight of what really matters. Meta ads is going to continue to get more and more complicated.

When you go into ads manager, you see the various options. Meta does that because they want to give advanced advertisers the options to play around with this and test that and see if they can get those 1% improvements, 2% improvements, extra settings, extra features, all those sorts of things. And that's great, but it can make it more complicated and more difficult.

And I found that when I'm recording videos that demonstrate the entire campaign creation process, they are getting longer and longer and longer. And that's because there's just more things to cover. When you go through that campaign creation process, there's more, okay, there's this setting now, I need to talk about that.

And there's this setting. And it's very easy for advertisers to get lost in that, not focus on what really matters. And what really matters is offers.

What are you actually offering in your ad? Is it better than what your competition are offering? Have you got better price points, a better deal, better delivery times, an enhanced service?

Is your product just better in some way to what your competitors are offering? Are you offering something that's lower barrier to entry than what your competitors are offering to get people into your sales funnel earlier that you can then look to upsell? Really, really important.

Offers always has been, always will be really, really important. The other part that really matters is ad creative. That's the part that's either going to grab your audience's attention or not.

It's the part that's going to convince them to keep watching or keep reading or not. It's what's going to convince them to take action. Obviously, the rest of the ad is important as well.

But that is the most important part. And I don't want you to be spending lots of time fiddling around with placement options or site links or some of the other new features. It's like, no, no, no, offers an ad creative where you should be spending the majority of your time as an advertiser.

And that actually leads me to my next point, which is massive improvements in return on ad spend can come from things that have nothing to do with the ad platform. So we just discussed previously where you should be spending your time when it comes to within the meta ads platform. It's on your creative and testing offers and things like that.

But you should not spend all of your advertising time, all of your marketing time in meta ads manager at all. There are many things you need to do outside of that that can have a huge impact on your return on ad spend. So what I'd encourage you to do as a business is obsess over lifetime customer value.

That is really, really important. And the businesses that win big are the ones not necessarily that generate customers for the least. They don't have the lowest cost per purchase or the lowest cost per lead in the industry.

What they do is they make the most amount of money from the leads from the customers that they generate. It's why so many businesses over the last few years have businesses, industries that you wouldn't have even thought possible have moved over to subscription type businesses. Why?

Because subscriptions benefit from inertia as in the customer has to actively cancel as opposed to actively purchase again, which means they are more likely to not, which means they're more likely to keep paying you month over month and your customer LTV, your lifetime value of that customer massively increases. So obviously this always used to happen with things like your phone and internet and TV and obvious things. But think about how many businesses there are now that are subscription based that never ever used to be like, like a HelloFresh, for example, like food you cook in your own home is now a subscription, right?

A lot of cars are now like if you get a new car, like I've got it, there's a subscription associated with it because you pay for the subscription to get like the updates and the downloads and all those sorts of things. So, so many businesses becoming subscriptions and that's why it's to increase customer LTV. Now there are other ways to increase customer LTV.

It doesn't have to just be through a subscription. You can increase the average order values, how much they buy the first time. You can not use a recurring billing method like a subscription, but instead use like a reoccurring setup.

Think of Coca-Cola, right? They don't really have subscriptions as far as I'm aware. And maybe they do on a B2B basis.

But you buy Coke drinks on a, well, most people will do so on a regular basis. When you go to a restaurant, when you're in the supermarket, whatever, you buy it on a reoccurring basis. There are ways to get more out of each customer.

And that is something that advertisers do not spend enough time on. They focus on, need to reduce my cost per purchase, need to reduce my cost per lead. And it's just like, it's often a lot easier to double your customer LTV than it is to halve your cost per purchase.

Okay. Tip number five, simplify your campaign structure. So when we're using the direct offer strategy, which is directly advertising the products or services that we're offering, as opposed to having like a lead magnet beforehand or using an omnipresent content campaign, I've got videos on both of those if you want to find those on my channel.

But most of the time when we're advertising our clients' products and services, we're going to directly advertise them more or less. When we do that, we now have a simplified campaign structure in comparison to what we used to have. So we may previously have had five, maybe more ad sets in one campaign, testing different targeting options and things like that.

We'll rarely do that now. And the reason why is because of the way, and this ties into the first point about embracing Advantage Plus, because of the way meta has gone, and you're either using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or tailored lead campaigns where the targeting is all automated, or we're using things like Advantage Plus audience, which is a suggestion feature. So yes, we're giving targeting inputs, but meta has the flexibility.

We don't want multiple ad sets setting different options, because we might as well just put it all in one ad set, because it's a suggestion anyway. And that includes things like lookalike audiences, often even custom audiences, like we might include warm audiences in with cold audiences, in an Advantage Plus audience ad set. We will do that if the ads are going to be the same to both warm audiences and cold audiences.

We'll still separate them out if warm audiences are going to get different ads, different ad creative, different ad copy than cold audiences. That's going to depend on the business and what's most appropriate. But in general, we've got simplified ad campaign structures.

We might still have multiple campaigns, we might still have a testing campaign, a scaling campaign, etc. But within that campaign, the structure is going to be more simple than it used to be. We also used to have more individual ads, whereas now because we have the variations on headlines, so you can have five headlines per ad, you can have five primary texts per ad, a lot of the testing can be done within the one ad, as opposed to having to have multiple variations.

So again, not something that I want you to be focusing a ton of your time on is building out tons of ad sets, tons of ads, I don't think that's the right way to go. If you want more information about campaign structure and my recommended campaign structure in detail, I'll include a link in the description below that can go through more details on exactly how we set things up now. Okay, point number six is to improve your data tracking.

So the quality of the data that you get into your meta ad account, so the accuracy of how many purchases am I generating, how many leads am I generating, how many people are I sending through to my website is really, really important, because it will allow you as an advertiser to see what's going on. So you can optimize the campaigns. It also allows meta to optimize the campaigns properly and get you the best possible results.

And neither of those things should be underestimated. You can take a campaign that is failing badly and make it really profitable with enough good data that can then be used to optimize over time. So the bare minimum is you have to have the Metapixel installed, linked to a video on how to do that in the video description, and you have to have the conversions API installed as well, again, linked to how to install that in the video description.

And I'd recommend that a lot of advertisers go one step further and use Hyros. We use Hyros in my business, and it really helps improve the data that you generate within your ad account and allows you and Meta to optimize your campaigns that much better. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads.

It's a software that all the big players, including myself, use. I use it to track the results that I generate from my own ads. I also use it for all my organic content as well, which is really useful.

So if someone comes through and books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy, and that allows me to make decisions in my business, which is really, really helpful. And let me quickly show you how important this is. So I'm in my Hyros dashboard.

I've isolated one of our Meta ad campaigns, and I've created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this. So this campaign spent just under £2,000, generated £15,000 in revenue. But here's the really important bit, reported versus revenue.

And in this column, we can see £12,000. Now, what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated, Hyros has been able to report on the full £15,000, £12,000 of which Meta was not originally able to see. So if we're just looking within our Meta ad account, not using Hyros, we would have seen that £3,000 of revenue was generated from this campaign.

And that is not true at all. That is a much, much lower ROAS number than the actual £15,000 of revenue that was generated. For a number of years now, Meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were, because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect.

And it's only heading that way. It's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and track our results as we need to be able to do. This is a relatively extreme case.

And the reason why is because Meta has a seven-day maximum attribution window. And this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than seven days to make a decision on. So someone clicks on an ad, they often won't convert within seven days.

Meta's simply not able to see that data. And that's where Hyros comes in. The important thing is that you need accurate data and Hyros takes care of that.

So if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Tip number seven is to use the AI text generation built within the Meta ad campaign creation process, but be the filter.

So when you upload a primary text or a headline that you've written, Meta will then create new versions of that. They can also do this based on the link that you're sending people through to your website. They can take information from there as well, but they will create other AI generated text copy that you can use in your ad, primary text versions, headline versions, things like that.

So you actually want to use that, but similarly to the creative enhancements, you want to check through and make sure that you only use the ones that apply to your business. You're always going to have context on your business on whether or not this offer can have a headline like that, can have a primary text like that. And it still all makes sense that like Meta's not going to have, obviously their AI is not going to have.

So what we typically do is we'll write one ourselves. We will then look at the method generated AI generated copy variations. We will usually use, Meta might create five of each, for example, we might use two or three.

Sometimes we will just tick those select yet. We'll use them. Sometimes we'll go, okay, that's pretty good, but this is not quite right.

That's not in the voice of the brand. Let's tweak that slightly and then, and then go ahead with it. So you really want to see things like that.

A lot of the AI tools within Meta ads for creative, for copy generation as a time saver, who didn't need to write out four or five versions yourself. You just wrote one and then modified a couple and then just used a couple of others. But don't think of it as like, it can completely do the job.

That is a good way to end up with ad copy that in some cases just doesn't make sense. Point number eight is to take advantage of opportunity score. Now opportunity score is something, is a feature that's relatively new.

Not all ad accounts have it. And just to quickly explain how it works. So with opportunity score, Meta will give you a score out of 100 that shows how optimized your setup is.

And they will make recommendations how you can improve your opportunity score, get closer to 100. And obviously campaigns, et cetera, ads, sets, ads that are more optimized are going to be a higher score. Those that are less optimized are going to get a lower score.

Most of the recommendations that you get within opportunity score are really quite good and things that I would also recommend. And so I think taking it as its advice for the most part is a good idea and it's going to help you get better results. I think this is especially important if your results aren't where you want them to be.

You can go ahead and go, okay, yeah, I'm a 72 out of 100. There's probably quite a bit I could do here to improve, to optimize my setup and get better results, follow the instructions, improve the opportunity score. There's a good chance you will see your results improve as well.

Tip number nine is to scale more aggressively. So Meta has told us that we can now scale in larger increments without re-entering the learning phase. It was sort of accepted wisdom for a long time that you couldn't increase the budget by more than 10%, 20% without re-entering the learning phase and your results just, you know, becoming rubbish overnight as soon as you start to scale.

That's not the case anymore. You can scale in significantly larger increments, sometimes as much as doubling, sometimes even, I've even seen more without re-entering the learning phase. It does depend on what your budget currently is.

So you can scale in larger percentage increments if you're operating with a small budget as opposed to a large budget. You can take a $10 a day budget to $20 a day, no problem at all. Would you want to take a $10,000 a day budget to $20,000 a day in one go?

Probably not, right? That would be too large a jump. This is really important for advertisers and this has come up recently quite a number of times and people I've spoken to that have time-sensitive offers and things are going really well and they want to take advantage of them.

So if you've got like a Black Friday offer or a Christmas sale or whatever happens to be for your business, it's like, we've only got another three days. Can I really only increase the budget 10, 20%? It's like, no, no, no, go for it.

If things are working really well, whack that budget up. Now, of course, your cost per purchase, your cost per lead may go up. These things are possible, but I think the potential reward is worth the risk because if it works out, you can acquire a lot more customers and take advantage of a shortened time period.

If you don't have those time deadlines, I'd still recommend you be on the cautious side when it comes to scaling. You don't want to break your campaign if this is an evergreen campaign that you plan on running for months, years, et cetera. But just know that you can be more aggressive and you can scale more than, you know, I've spoken to advertisers that don't want to scale more than 10% once a week.

And you think it's going to take you a long time to increase this budget to anything substantially more than what you're currently spending with that setup. Okay. Point number 10 is to use geofencing if you're a local business.

So fairly recently, Meta removed the ability to target location-based with different setting options. So basically, I'll explain what I mean. So now you use your location targeting and you can still do that, right?

You can select, I only want to advertise to this city or this county or this area, this radius. But what you used to be able to do previously was instead of going with the default, which is people living in or recently in this location, you used to be able to change that to only people living in. And if you're a local business, let's say you're a plumber, you don't want to advertise to people that have visited the city in which you operate recently, because if you're advertising your plumbing services, like they're not gonna be interested, they live somewhere else.

You only want to target people that are actually living in that location. And that's caused some issues for advertisers where you're like, I'm only targeting this city. But for some reason, I can see the leads being generated in my data that I'm getting leads from different parts of the country, different cities, different states, different countries, even like what's going on.

So the solution there is often to geofence. And the way you geofence is you target the city you want to target or the area you want to target, if you want to be, you know, radius more specific with lots of different options. And then you exclude the areas around that.

And that seems to really improve the situation where you've got that issue I just described, where you are generating leads from people in the wrong locations. It doesn't make it 100% accurate, but you don't want to be spending 20-30% of your budget on people that can't become customers of yours, right? If you can do this and reduce that to 5%, 2%, that's well worth doing.

I've got a whole video on geofencing, exactly how to do it and walk you through the steps. Link is in the video description. Tip number 11, the key to success with video ads is the hook.

Now, a lot of meta advertisers are quite intimidated by video ads, and I completely get why. They're much more difficult to create than image ads. There's a much greater chance that you create a video ad and it just looks rubbish in comparison to an image ad.

But the potential rewards of producing a high-quality video ad are well worth the effort and can make up for those difficulties and that added complexity in terms of creating them in the first place. So just like I talked about earlier, there are parts of meta advertising that you really want to focus on and spend your time and effort on because those are the things that move the needle and make the difference. The equivalent of that for a video ad is the hook.

The hook is the first three seconds of a Facebook video ad and that's the part that's either going to grab people's attention or not. And by improving the hook, keeping the rest of the video ad the same, you can double or more your return on ad spend. It is that important.

So if you're running video ads and want to get better results, you're thinking about creating video ads, I strongly recommend you check out this video. In that video, I walk you through the various hook options that we use. There's a whole bunch that we use.

Typically, you can select which ones are going to work for your business. And by creating lots of different hooks, often quick, easy to do, and then combining those with the same ad but just testing lots of different options, you can see huge improvements in your return on ad spend. So like I said, if you want to get better results from Facebook video ads, go ahead and give this a watch and I'll see you in another video.