Every Facebook advertiser that is running Facebook ads to generate leads wants better lead quality. And Meta has just released a new feature that is going to help all of us significantly improve lead quality. In this video, I'm going to show you what it is and how to use it.

This video is sponsored by HubSpot. More about them later. So lead quality is one of the biggest issues with Facebook advertisers, particularly when using Instant Forms.

And Instant Forms, if you're not familiar, is where someone clicks on a Facebook ad, Instagram ad, and instead of being taken through to an external landing page or website, they're instead kept in platform and presented with a form where they can fill out their contact information, maybe answer a few questions. And that's information that the advertiser then has to be able to contact them and hopefully progress that lead from a lead into a customer, right? Now, Instant Forms are fantastic.

They have some really good plus points. Firstly, they're really easy for users because you're staying on platform. You're not going somewhere external.

You don't have to wait for a landing page to load. There's no issues with the UI or the design or how something might be presented or having to navigate a website, any of that. It's just really easy.

Right there, click on the ad presented with a form. That's one of the reasons why leads are often quite cheap when they're generated through Instant Forms. You're typically going to pay less in terms of cost per lead, often significantly less when using Instant Forms, as opposed to sending people through to another website or a landing page.

That also leads to higher lead volumes. So most businesses that are looking to generate leads would love the idea of paying less for their leads and generating more leads given the amount they're spending. And also Meta quite likes it because you're keeping their users on platform.

You're not sending them elsewhere. So you often see cheaper CPMs, cost per thousand impressions when you use Instant Forms, as opposed to sending people through to an external location. And of course, if your website's not amazing or your landing pages aren't as good as they could be, you just don't have to worry about that because you can present people with the Instant Forms and have them convert there.

So a lot of plus points. The big negative that is leveled at Instant Forms is that the quality of the leads that come through isn't as good as advertisers would like it to be. Often you will see a higher quality lead sending leads through to a website or a landing page instead.

And part of that is because of how easy it is for users to click on an ad, very quickly submit their information, move on, and maybe they haven't interacted enough to sort of remember what they did and feel like they're involved in the process and they're excited about the company contacting them about the product or service, whatever it is they signed up for. Just before I get into the new feature that Meta has created to help with lead quality, I want to let you know about a fantastic free resource that HubSpot, who I'm partnering with in this video, have created that contains 50 high-performing Facebook ads that you can model from. There is a link in the video description below where you can download these Facebook ad examples.

They've included ads from Nike, Hulu, Venmo, and so much more. My favorite part is that it's sorted by industry to make it really easy to find exactly what you're looking for. Using this free resource to find high-performing Facebook ads to model from is one of the absolute best ways to create Facebook ads that can deliver outstanding results.

You don't need to try and reinvent the wheel, especially when you're first learning. I'd strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook ad creative. Check it out using the link in the description below, and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video.

Now one of the things that Meta has done for a number of years now is that when someone clicks on an ad that has an instant form, Meta will pre-fill, they'll automatically fill the certain contact information that's associated with the user's Facebook account. So it could be email address, phone number, depending on what it is that you're looking for. Now that's designed to make it really quick and easy for the user, help improve lead volume, get more leads, cheaper cost per lead.

So you totally understand why Meta introduced that, but that can lead to some issues. And as time goes on, that's likely to lead to more and more issues because the email address and phone number associated with someone's Facebook account or Instagram profile, if they signed up for particularly Facebook, it's been around longer, 10, 15 years ago, what are the chances that that email address that they use is still their current one? I mean, could be, but could also not be, right?

And these are not necessarily things that people are continually updating. If they only ever log in through their phone, you might not need any sort of external login details. You just go straight in there and it might be that this contact information has gotten out of date.

And therefore, when you as the advertiser get this information, you try and call them on that phone number, you try and email them. And this is just information that's old and they're not using anymore, right? And so that leads to one of the most common complaints that I hear from Facebook advertisers that are using instant forms.

And that's that they struggle to make contact with their leads in the first place. They can't get them to pick up the phone. They can't get them to respond to emails.

And whilst it's good to generate more leads, whilst it's good to pay less in terms of cost per lead, if you can't actually get in touch with that lead, that lead's basically worthless to your business. Now, I should say that some of that is inevitable. A proportion of the leads you generate are always going to be low quality.

You're not going to be able to get in touch with them. You're not going to be able to convert them. That's just life.

That happens to every business looking to generate leads. But what we want to do as advertisers, as marketers, is improve the percentage of leads that we do make contact with, that we can convert from leads to clients. And there are a number of things we can do.

And there are a number of things that Meta are doing to help us improve that. And that's what this video is about, right? So Meta has now introduced the ability to turn off the autofill feature for both email and phone number.

So let me show you what that looks like. So when you get this in your ad account, right now it's being tested with a relatively small number of ad accounts, which is what Meta does all the time. And then once they've sort of worked out any bugs, they then look to roll it out more broadly across ad accounts.

So this will likely be coming to your ad account within the next few months. So you can see here that we've got email and phone number. When you see this pop up, you will see that there's an autofill option and you can choose to deselect autofill.

So that that forces your leads, your prospects to manually enter in their email, manually enter in their phone number. And that makes it much more likely that they're going to give you up-to-date contact information, which makes it more likely to be able to contact them. And therefore everything following on from that is more likely to happen, which is what you want.

Just a quick aside on this, by the way, phone number, you can choose to make it optional as the example is displayed here. I don't recommend that. I nearly always recommend that you do ask for a phone number.

You do make it mandatory and you try and call your prospects. Much more likely you'll get in contact means it much more likely you will convert. Now, there are exceptions to that.

If you're just advertising a lead magnet, for example, then you might not want to insist people provide their phone number. But if you're advertising a service and that's what you're generating leads for, then absolutely you want to be requiring email, phone number, and testing deselecting autofill once you get this, if you have had issues with lead quality of the past, actually making contact with your prospects. Okay.

So that's the first feature that I wanted to talk about when it comes to improving lead quality. Meta have also just released another feature that I want to talk about that might even be more impactful in terms of ensuring that lead quality is higher and we're better able to contact our leads and therefore get them to convert. And that's that you can now require SMS verification for someone to actually submit an instant form.

So let me show you what this looks like, right? So again, not all ad accounts have this yet. It's being tested with a small number and will be rolled out more broadly, but this is something I'm really excited about, right?

So you can have, you can add in a quality filter and you can see this tick box here, right? Require SMS verification to submit form. So this works.

I'm sure you're familiar with the, you know, how this might work on other websites when you're trying to pay for something or something like that, where they will go through the form, enter in their contact information, answer any other questions that they've got. And at the end, they need to click a button that basically says, yes, I'm happy to receive a text and I'll enter in the code. They get sent a message with a code that's entered in, it's verified and the form is then submitted.

So this does a couple of things. It's really going to weed out those people who aren't interested because that's like a real sign of intent and commitment. Secondly, it's going to force people to use their real phone number because even if you make a phone number mandatory, sometimes people will put other phone numbers if they're, oh, I just want an email, I don't want to be called.

You and me both know that if that person is called and you get them on the phone, you're more likely to get them to convert. So they might put in a, you know, a false phone number, change it slightly so it's not actually theirs. Well, if they have to receive a text message with a code to submit the instant form, they've got to use their proper phone number.

So, so yeah, so that's going to really help with that. It's also going to help filter out bots, which for some advertisers can be a big deal. I think there's too much fear for most Facebook Instagram advertisers around bots submitting instant forms and, and that ruining lead quality and setting off the optimization process because, you know, it's like false positives effectively when it comes to generating leads.

I think, I think there's too much fear around that, but bots are a thing. This does happen. Requiring SMS verification is certainly going to help with that.

So, so yeah, this could be a really big deal, particularly in conjunction with what I said previously around. I'm a big fan of calling leads ASAP. If you can call a lead within a few minutes of becoming a lead, you are far more likely to make contact.

You are far more likely to get them to the next step of your sales funnel. Well, if you have required SMS verification, so you know, they've had to put in their correct phone number and they've had to show enough intent to take that step, they are way more likely to pick up the phone than not doing that. That's going to massively improve lead quality and help us convert our leads.

How am I agency to run your meta ads for you? Why do that? I said at the beginning, spent more than 150 million.

That's a very conservative number. I always like any number claims I give to be like absolutely bulletproof. Averaged over 4x ROAS.

Again, that's conservative over those ad accounts and that ad spend generating more than 600 million in revenue for our clients. And like I said, clients all around the world, all sorts of niches. I am the only meta megaphone partner in the UK, which is because of my personal brand.

I have special access with meta. They give me access to things early. Special access so that if things go wrong with ad accounts, which if you've been running Facebook and Instagram ads, you will know that is absolutely the case.

We're able to get that resolved with an email, which is a big advantage. And we're an agency partner. Lots of agencies will tell you that they're agency partners.

There's different levels to that game. We're in the top level. There's only 50 in the UK.

And of those 50, we actually have the most number of clients. When we signed up, the person from meta was surprised that that was the case. And that leads me to make the somewhat bold claim, but I would honestly stand by it, that I've got the best meta ads agency in the UK.

I pitch my team against any in the UK and be surprised they didn't come out on top. Honestly, I'd pitch my guys against any meta ads agency in the world and be surprised if they didn't come out on top, which I know is punchy, but there we go. For those of you that run meta ads for a company you work for and think, well, there's no way I'm ever going to hire you guys because that's my job.

We also have a mentorship program where we can train you and show you exactly how we do what we do and how we can get you the best results possible. And so, yeah, so there is that option as well, if that is your scenario and you wouldn't want to hire us and replace yourself in that role. So a couple of things to watch out for when it comes to these new features, firstly, you will pay more in terms of cost per lead and assuming you're spending the same amount, that means you will generate fewer leads.

I think with the autofill turning that off, the increase in cost per lead is likely to be noticeable, but not necessarily massive. Requiring SMS verification, that's likely to lead to a significant increase in lead cost. Now, that might be more than worth it for your business if you are really struggling with lead quality issues.

If, for example, more than half the leads you generate, you would classify as low quality, very unlikely to convert, or maybe it's worth paying 50% or 80% more per lead, maybe even more than that if they come through their higher quality, you have the right phone number, you can get in touch with people, you've weeded out the bots, the people that aren't as interested because they don't want to take those extra steps, that might be well worth it. So like all these things, I'd recommend that you test and see which works best for your business because I imagine it's not going to be as simple as always use autofill or always turn it off, always use SMS verification or always don't. It's going to be some business is really important, but others it's not.

Test and see which works best for your business. This is a relatively new feature, so we haven't had a chance to do extensive testing on this yet. Once we do, I'll report back and let you know what impact it has both on lead cost and on lead quality.

Like I said, I've been doing this a long time. I know what these features are likely to do. Pretty confident in my predictions that the autofill is going to see notable increase in cost but a notable improvement in quality and SMS verification might be a complete game changer.

It might make them much more expensive but also much, much higher quality. Okay, I would watch out for these features, particularly the SMS verification, if you serve older demographics that might just be a little bit less tech savvy and not as familiar with operating in that way or you advertise in countries where that's just not the done thing. There's just, you know, I speak to people from all around the world that are Facebook advertisers and absolutely we need to tailor our sales process and our lead generation process to the cultural norms and what's expected within that location.

So in some countries, it's much easier to sell through WhatsApp, for example, than it is to get people to buy through an e-commerce store. In other countries, it's going to be the complete opposite. So that's just something to watch out for.

And like I said, these features are being tested in small groups at the moment, likely to be rolled out more broadly quite soon. I think as soon as you see it in your ad account, jump on it, give it a test if you are using instant forms to generate leads and see how it goes for your business. Now, one other thing that I want to mention is that when you're generating leads, you're going to want to retarget those people and help get them to convert, not just with a sales call or an email follow-up sequence, but also by putting ads in front of them again.

In fact, you can go one step further and put retargeting ads in front of people that have clicked on your instant form, opened it, but didn't quite get through to the point where they submitted. That's going to happen even more so, that group of people is going to be larger if you do use the SMS verification feature. So to help you work all that out, set up the retargeting strategy, I'd recommend you check out this video.

In it, I go through my updated recommendations for retargeting. It's an area of Facebook and Instagram advertising that has changed quite a lot over the last few years as targeting has evolved with more automation as part of Meta's process. So if you're not super confident that you've got 100% the right retargeting strategy, go ahead and give this a watch.