I've got some very exciting news and that's that organic reach on Facebook is back. It's not something that we've had for many, many years and it's a really big deal for Facebook marketers, Facebook advertisers. It may well change the approach we take to the platform.

Very exciting at this point. In this video I'm going to explain how you can benefit from this organic reach because it's only in a very specific feature within the overall Facebook platform and how you can use it as a marketer to benefit your business. So this is really interesting for me because when I first got involved in Facebook advertising a decade ago, it was 2013 that I started, a lot of businesses were running Facebook ads to get Facebook page likes, what's now usually referred to as a Facebook page follower, so that they could then post on their page, have that post be put in front of the people that liked their page and by doing so market to those people on an ongoing basis without having to pay each time.

It was kind of like a pay once to get the likes, get the followers and then you can continue to market to them afterwards. That's what a lot of the advertising focus was on. As Facebook evolved as a platform, they removed the ability for those page posts to be put in front of anyone but a tiny fraction of your overall number of Facebook page likes.

For example, I have over 150,000 Facebook page followers and it would not be uncommon for me to get 400 views on a video, let's say. A tiny, tiny fraction when you're looking at the overall followership. And when that happened, Facebook advertisers obviously adjusted.

We changed from trying to get those Facebook page likes and then being able to market to them on an ongoing basis for free to running things like conversion campaigns to directly get purchases from our ads and relying solely on our ads to generate those conversions to get the leads, get the sales, whatever it is, as opposed to trying to follow up with them on an ongoing basis. If we did want to follow up with people that we'd already advertised to once, we would simply advertise again. You can see why Facebook now meta made this change.

They wanted businesses and advertisers to be able to pay, have to pay each time to put their stuff in front of people. But that is now changing, which is really, really interesting. And we may well revert back to some extent to some of the previous tactics where some more of our marketing efforts are going on getting Facebook page likes, getting Facebook page followers, because we know we can put our stuff in front of them.

Much in the same way that you see on other social media platforms. A lot of people invest a lot of money and effort into getting Instagram followers because they know that a percentage larger than what has previously been seen on Facebook are going to see their stuff when they post it. And that is valuable to us as marketers.

So for the last, I would say seven or eight years, organic reach on Facebook was virtually not a thing. Yes, you've got some organic reach in Facebook groups, and I've talked about that in other videos, but via your page, just not worth the time or the effort. But that is now changing with Facebook Reels.

Relatively recently, Facebook added Reels, much like they did with Instagram, and people are getting organic reach, significant organic reach via Facebook Reels. Now, I heard this from a few different sources over the past few weeks, maybe a little bit longer than that. So I've decided to test it myself, and the results are very, very interesting.

Now, in order to make it a good test, I've been testing basically the exact same content. I've been posting videos onto my page, as I usually would, as I have been for a long time. And then I've been using very similar content to post as a Facebook Reel, and I've been comparing the difference in terms of how many views it gets, all that sort of stuff.

And then the results are very, very interesting. So here I am on my Facebook page, and I'm going to show you the Reels versus the regular posts, okay? So we're just going to skip past the most recent ones because they were just posted like a day ago.

Not enough data has been collected on those for that to be meaningful. So if we look at this one, this is four days ago, we're getting somewhere. So this is a regular video posted on my page, and we can see if we click on insights and ads that it's had 1,277 impressions, 127 engagement.

It's had, let's say, 38 likes there. If we scroll down to this next one, another post, here we've got 50 engagements. If I click on see more on ads, about 2,000 impressions.

So really small in comparison to my 150,000 Facebook page followers. Here on another one, a little bit better this one, 67 engagements. If we look at ads and insights, you know, 2,800 post impressions.

Now, if we scroll down, this is one of the Reels that I want you to show. Now, unfortunately, I cannot click on see insights and ads. It seems to be some sort of bug going on with my page where every time I do that, the page just won't load, it'll just crash.

But I can look at this data via my phone, so I'll be able to tell you the results there in comparison to what we're looking at here. So this video, for example, what you can see on the engagement, the discrepancy, had 124 engagements, which is a lot more than any of these others. And it also had a lot more views.

These videos here would average, let's say, 400 to 600 views each. This Reel, on the other hand, got 4,000 views. It's almost identical content.

It's the same format, the same editing style, everything, same length, but this is a Reel versus a regular page post. If we go on here, we've got another page post. We've got 40 engagements.

Next one down, we've got 54 likes there. This one, this is another Reel. Okay, so perfect example.

So we just had two there, one at 40, one at 52 with regular page posts. This one has 252 engagements, a few comments, some shares as well. Again, very similar content.

Now, again, with this video, I went and had a look where I can actually see the data, and it got 6,200 views. So the difference in terms of engagements, but also in terms of views on my Reels versus my page posts, and this is almost identical content, you're talking somewhere between five and 10 times on average what you're getting through Reels. Now, if we compare this number, so this Reel here getting 6,200 views, and I've got an audience of 150,000 on Facebook, you might think that that's not a huge percentage.

That's actually pretty decent and somewhat in line with what I would see on other social media networks. For example, on my YouTube videos, I've got, again, about 150,000 subscribers there, and if I get 6,000 views on a video in, in say, the first week, that's relatively decent. This, this is not that old as of the recording this video.

It's just over a week old this one hit, okay? And same would be true on Instagram. I've got, you know, a tenth of the following, and I will get 600, maybe a little bit more, in terms of view.

So it is actually pretty in line with other social media platforms, and this is really, really exciting to see these discrepancies. And I think it means a few things for us as advertisers. I'm going to explain what this means and how we might want to adjust our strategy in a second.

Before I do, I just want to quickly tell you about something that we're now offering that is very new. You probably haven't heard me talk about it before, and that's one-to-one consulting sessions. A lot of people that follow my content aren't at the 3k per month budget requirement that we need for us to be able to take over your campaigns and run them on a done-for-you basis.

If you're before that level, you can now book a 45-minute call with one of our Facebook ad account managers. These are people that are running our clients' campaigns. They have all the expertise that we have within the business, and we've set aside some of their time to be able to handle these one-to-one calls where they can take a look at your campaigns, recommend adjustments, they can answer any questions you have, and help you as quickly as possible improve your results and hopefully one day get to the point where you can actually work with us.

It's a much more affordable option. Right now, these one-to-one 45-minute sessions cost £165. That may well increase in the future.

So if you're interested, go ahead and click on the link in the video description below. There, you'll be taken through to a page on a website where you can literally just go ahead and book in a call that suits your time. They're done via Zoom screen share function.

We can walk through anything that you want. I think you're going to find it really, really valuable if you want an expert to take a look at what you're doing and help you improve your results. So the fact that we've now got some organic reach back on Facebook, what does that mean?

Well, firstly, there's going to be more value in acquiring followers. Now, I've been quite a big advocate, more than most, in running Facebook page-like campaigns or Facebook ad campaigns designed to get followers, at least initially, to do what I call priming your Facebook page. If you're going to be running conversion campaigns on Facebook, let's say, you want to make sure that your page doesn't look empty.

You look like a legitimate business. You have some followers. You have a bit of engagement going on.

So I've recommended that people prime their page purely for appearances sake. And they get that there so that when people see their ads for their products and services and they come through and check them out by their page, they look like a legitimate business one they want to work for. However, in addition to that benefit, you may now also be able to post reels via your Facebook page and get significant engagement on those reels, which we know can be really valuable in terms of converting those people into customers, not something you're going to have to pay for.

So in terms of should you be running Facebook page-like, Facebook page follower campaigns? Yes. Should you be doing more of it now than I would have recommended a year ago, two years ago?

There's a good chance that that's going to be the case. This is still pretty new, but if this continues, that's definitely something that I'm going to be recommending. So the value of those followers is going up, which is great.

It also means that your regular Facebook advertising campaigns come with an added benefit. When you're running conversion campaigns to generate leads, to generate sales, you are going to inevitably acquire followers. You're going to get engagement.

And previously, that hasn't been overly useful. Maybe you could turn that into a custom audience that you can then retarget, or you can use it as a source audience to create a lookalike audience. That's been the only sort of additional benefit you get from getting those followers and those page likes.

However, if we're now able to market to them on an ongoing basis, that's great. That means that when you're running your regular campaigns and you get a few thousand new followers, that you're going to be able to reach a reasonable number of those people, and you're not going to have to pay for it. So instead of having to always retarget to put your stuff in front of people, perhaps some of them, the most keen, the most likely to purchase, are going to see your reels, which wasn't the case.

You couldn't organically reach those people a year ago. You had to pay. So it's only a benefit to Facebook advertisers.

And the extra good news is that it's probably very easy for you to take advantage of this feature and take advantage of this organic reach. Over the past seven or eight years, the only place you could get organic reach on Facebook has been in Facebook groups. But it's very time consuming and difficult to build a Facebook group.

I have a Facebook group with over 175,000 members, and I can say it requires a lot of time, effort, monitoring, etc. However, to just post reels onto your Facebook page, that's a lot easier to do. There's a good chance that as a marketer, you're probably already creating that type of content on, say, Instagram or TikTok or elsewhere.

It's something that you could probably quite easily repurpose for your Facebook reels, or perhaps you could just post it straight away. For example, I'm posting some of my YouTube shorts directly as Facebook reels. Some of my Instagram reels directly as Facebook reels.

It's absolutely something you can do. So it's very, very easy for me all of a sudden to go and get thousands, tens of thousands on a monthly basis, extra video views. I know that's going to lead to clients, customers, etc.

later down the line, and it's not costing me anything, which is fantastic. So if you've been going through this video thinking, great, Facebook followers are now more valuable, but how do I actually go ahead and get them? I'd strongly recommend you check out this video.

It's a full tutorial where I show you exactly how to set up a Facebook page follower campaign. You can create a campaign with that as the objective. They don't cost a lot at all to get followers when you do it right.

If you go ahead and check it out, you'll be able to build a large following on Facebook, and that is now a lot more valuable.