Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video I'm going to make a request. And that request is that you please stop using traffic ads on Facebook. Now there is a time and a place for traffic ads, but if you're looking to send people to your website, so they then go on to make a purchase or become a lead, you shouldn't be using traffic ads, you should be using conversion ads.

You should be using the conversions objective instead. It produces much better results. I see a lot of Facebook ad accounts where people are looking to do exactly that.

They're looking to generate sales or leads on their website, and they're using traffic because they're thinking, I'll send people to my website and they will then convert. Conversions works much better because Facebook is able to work out who is most likely to convert and will serve your ads to those people if you use the conversions objective. Now I said, there is a time and a place to use traffic ads.

I'm going to get to that at the end of the video. Before I do that, I want to show you an example that hopefully puts this debate of whether you should use traffic ads or conversion ads to bed because the results are really quite interesting. So here we've got, I'm in one of the Facebook ad accounts that we manage.

Just to give you a bit of context, this is a luxury service provider. Their average customer value is around about £50,000, you know, super high end. And we've got two identical campaigns running, or we did have two identical campaigns running.

We've got this free consultation campaign using their conversions objective, and we're running the exact same ads, the exact same targeting, all the same settings, except with this campaign, we're using the traffic objective. I know it says website clicks, but we're using the traffic objective. You can see the results there is link clicks.

And we spent a reasonable amount of money on both of these, and you can see that this isn't, we haven't sort of spent $100 on each, and we're saying this one works better. We spent around about £2,500 on each campaign. So we can really definitively say one's outperforming the other.

So if I go ahead and scroll over here to the end, you can see the cost per lead, cost per website lead, which is really, really interesting. So you can see that this top campaign generated 40 leads for £61.34 each, and this bottom campaign generated 24 leads for £98.76 each. So they're almost £100 here, and they're £60 here.

There's a huge difference between the two, particularly if you're going to run this campaign on an ongoing basis. And as I said, there is no difference in these campaigns other than the fact that with this one, we're using the conversions objective, and with this one, we're using the traffic objective. Everything else here is almost identical.

And what's really interesting here is you can see some of the numbers. So you can see the impressions, for example. This campaign had a lot more impressions, which means that these ads showed up in people's newsfeed a lot more than this one, almost twice as much.

So you think, well, this should perform a lot better. It also had a lot more link clicks, 1,300 link clicks to 2,300 link clicks. That's a huge difference.

Again, this campaign should work better, but on the metric that really matters, website leads, it hasn't. It's come in way worse, produced about 40% less leads, and they've obviously cost 40% more, which again, is a big difference. Just once more to clarify, £61 per lead, £98 per lead, you might be thinking, wow, that's a crazy high cost per lead.

And it would be for some businesses, this company, average customer value is £50,000. They could pay hundreds of pounds per lead. This is fantastic results for them.

Just to clear that up before you start thinking, wow, Facebook leads are really expensive. They could be much cheaper in other industries. So what this shows you is you really should be using the conversions objective when that's what you're after.

Now, there are times where you're looking to just generate traffic. The most obvious example of that would be, let's say you're advertising a blog post. All you want to do is get eyeballs on that blog post.

You want as many people to read that article as possible, in which case, yes, go ahead and read the traffic objective, because as you will see, it's much better at generating link clicks. 2300 link clicks to 1300. Spent almost exactly the same amount of money.

So it is better at doing that objective, but if you're really after, as I said, leads or sales, use the conversion objective, your results will be better. You do need to install the Facebook Pixel to make that work. So what I'll do is I'll pop that in the video description, a link to a video that shows you exactly how to install the Facebook Pixel, because you will need to do that.

And I think that's the primary reason why people just use traffic ads. They don't bother using conversions ads. It's because it's a lot easier to use, but as I said, conversion objective produces the best results.

If you're wondering how you go about doing that, I'll really quickly show you. So just create an example campaign. So here we go.

So if you're wondering how do I go about creating, you know, using the conversion objective, it is so simple. Pop example campaign in here, and here where it says campaign objective, instead of lead generation, most people, so the default, not in this account, because we've used the lead generation objective a lot, but the default for a lot of you will be traffic. So this is what you'll see.

What you wanna do is select that, you wanna scroll down, and you wanna select conversions. It's as simple as that. You'll have to adjust some things in the ad set to tell what type of conversion you want.

You will have to have the Facebook Pixel installed, but that's how you do it. Super, super simple. Please do that.

Your results will be better, and hopefully I've put this to bed, and people in my Facebook ads mastermind group won't be constantly asking which one should I use. Anyway, before you go, something I wanna quickly tell you about, and that's my five part Facebook ad template, something you can download right now for free. It's basically a document that contains a number of ads that we've created that produce great results in different industries.

You can model from the ads, copy elements of them, apply it to your own business if you would like. You can download it for free. All you gotta do is click on the link in the video description.

That'll take you to my website, and you'll be able to download it there. So hopefully you enjoyed that. Hopefully you found this video useful.

Hopefully you're not gonna be using traffic ads anymore, unless you're advertising a blog post or something like that. You're gonna use conversions instead. And if you've got any questions, pop them in the comments.

Thanks a lot guys, bye bye.