Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about scaling your Facebook ad campaigns and the increments by which you should scale. Should it be 20% as it's often talked about? Should it be a different amount?

Should you scale in a different way altogether? That's what I'm going to be covering in this video. So if you've got a Facebook ad campaign that's performing well or you hope it will be performing well in the near future and you plan on scaling, I think this video is going to be very, very useful.

Even if actually you've tried to scale and the campaign dropped off, you don't think you did it right, again this video is going to be really useful. Before we get into it, I just want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay, so scaling Facebook ad campaigns.

The 20% rule is what's talked about a lot. People will, you know, I've got an example ad account here, I've got a campaign, example campaign created and we're at the budget setting stage if you're using campaign budget optimization, which is something I'd strongly recommend you do use by the way. If you're not familiar with campaign budget optimization and how it works, I'll include a link in the video description below.

But let's say you've got a daily budget and again that's actually before I get into that, I'll quickly mention I would recommend using daily budgets over lifetime budgets in basically all cases. Very rarely am I going to run a lifetime budget, that's another thing. But let's say you've got a campaign, let's say it's operating £100 a day.

A lot of people say okay you can now scale this by 20% so you can take this from £100 a day to £120 a day and that's absolutely fine, you know, I wouldn't say that that is wrong. But here's the thing, the percentage by which you scale doesn't really matter as much as the actual real number increment by which you scale. It's one of those things where you can just throw out something like only scale by 20% and it's quite easy for that to get shared around because it's just quick and easy piece of information that people retain, they share it with others and it gets proliferated.

Going from £100 a day to £120 a day is absolutely fine. Going from let's say £10,000 a day to £12,000 a day is probably a bit much and going from £50,000 a day to £60,000 a day is definitely too large a scaling increment. Now each of those numbers I've just given is a 20% increase but what I'm getting at here is that the percentage increase does not matter as much as the real number and what that means is that at higher budget levels you cannot continuously scale by 20% you need to scale by smaller increments but likewise at lower numbers so at £100 a day or $100 a day or whatever you don't have to go to £120,000 you could be more aggressive than that and go straight to £150,000.

That's not a problem at all and if you're currently spending you know $20 a day, £20 a day and you want to double it and go up to £40 a day I haven't got an issue with that. So if you're operating with lower budget levels you can certainly scale more than 20% per day. As that increases you want to scale by smaller and smaller increments and to show a scaling chart of exactly how I would approach it, again I'll include a link in the video description below to a video all about how to scale a Facebook ad campaign and how to go about the levels.

Now part of the reason why you want to scale by larger increments than 20% when you're at lower budget levels and you can is because of how long you're going to want to leave it after you scale to scale further. So let's say I've gone from let's get back to £100 a day and I've gone up to £150 a day okay which is about the increment I would recommend at that budget level. I'm going to recommend that you wait seven to ten days after you scale before you assess the results and look to scale further.

A lot of the people that advocate the 20% scaling rule would advocate going to 120 and then scaling again by another 20% to 144 or whatever and then you know scaling again to 165. So you're doing that every day every two days it's too quick your campaigns are constantly in the learning phase they can't reset it'd be very difficult if you're going at that pace for you to work out okay that is the point at which I needed to improve my campaign because the results dropped off at say you know £160 a day. Whereas if we're going from 100 to 150 we give it seven to ten working days we can get a very good idea of okay how does the campaign perform at £150 a day?

Does it still perform okay? Has cost per conversion gone up a bit which is fine? Has it gone up loads?

Which is not fine we need to make adjustments. You can answer those questions which is very very important to do. Seven to ten working days after £150, seven to ten days after £150 per day okay campaign's still performing pretty well.

Perhaps your cost per conversion went up a little bit, nothing too drastic. Right now let's go up to £200 a day. Same process seven to ten days now let's go up to £300 a day.

Now if you're doing this in 20 increments and waiting the seven to ten days it's going to take you forever to go from a small budget to a larger budget like months and months and months which is probably not something that you want to do particularly if the campaigns are performing well you want to take advantage of it and get as many customers as you can of course it's what we all want as businesses to be as successful and as profitable as we can be. So um that's how I would approach the scaling increment question. Lower percentages, sorry larger percentage increases at lower budget levels that should decrease and decrease and decrease at higher budget levels.

If we're operating with £10,000 a day we would scale we'd probably just go to £11,000. That's only a 10% increase in one go because we're operating with a much larger budget and that makes sense because if you think about if you're spending say £20 per day and you go up to £40 per day, you've gone from reaching a tiny tiny percentage of your target audience to a slightly larger but still tiny tiny percentage of your target audience. You know if you're looking to go from say £10,000 a day um to £12,000 a day which would be the 20% increase probably a bit too large, you're going from reaching a good chunk of your audience to 20% more.

The the extra burden that you're putting on Facebook's shoulders of go out and find me an extra £2,000 per day worth of audience that's still likely to take my desired action is really tricky and that's why you want to decrease as you as you go up. So two big things that we take away from this video is there's no fixed percentage rule, there's no 20% rule, it's a load of nonsense, that's great for people that operate in the world of Facebook advertising theory but you try and do it in practice and you will see that at higher budget levels when you try and increase by 20% your campaigns drop off a cliff. We've seen it happen enough times to know that that is uh very likely and at lower budget levels you don't want to increase by 20% it's going to take you forever to get to higher budget levels you want to be um take advantage of that so there's no fixed rule.

The second thing is that you don't want to be scaling every day or every two days or even every three days especially after the iOS 14 changes where we've got reporting delays we know that it's taking longer for data to come through seven to ten days. You need to increase your budget let your Facebook ad campaigns go through the learning phase again let them settle at the new budget level and then assess performance. Right we were at 20 pound cost per purchase we're now at 23 pound cost per purchase that's still okay that's still within our numbers that's fine let's scale further but if you go from 20 pound cost per purchase to a 35 pound cost per purchase which can absolutely happen when you scale by the way guys um that might be a real issue.

And that is something I should quickly mention before before I end as well is around scaling and around uh cost per conversion increasing. As you scale it is basically inevitable that your cost per result cost per conversion is going to increase and that's because Facebook starts by targeting your absolute best prospects like the one in a million people that are the best people. As you spend more and more you leave the one in a million you go to the one in ten thousand the one in a thousand the one in a hundred the one in fifty these prospects are still good for your business but they're not quite the absolute best people because you're reaching more and more and more.

If you think about it on a on a continuum you've got absolute best prospects here worst prospects here when you're spending a tiny amount of money you're only advertising to this little part here as you spend more you have to go further and further and further along this spectrum um that's just how it works okay um right so if that's been useful before you go one thing I want to quickly mention is a free webinar I've created called three killer Facebook ad strategies to double or more your revenue and I think you're going to find this really really useful if you are wondering exactly how to approach Facebook ads for your specific product services there's no one size fits all you need the right strategy for your business and that's what this webinar is all about all about finding the right strategy for your business you need a different strategy for selling thirty dollar products versus five thousand dollar services obviously but that's not what everyone teaches that's what I teach in this webinar so I'd recommend you go check it out completely free link is in the video description uh be well worth your time your hour hour 20 or so that it takes to go through it really really would be I'd recommend go through that if you found this video useful please give it a thumbs up subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising related content answering questions just like the scaling uh conundrum and um you know comment below to let me know comment below if you've got any questions about any of this I respond to as many questions as I can comments as I can which is a lot of them can't quite get to them all but I do see them all and uh yeah I'll talk to you guys soon thanks a lot bye for now