Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how a professional Facebook advertising agency creates Facebook lead ad campaigns. So I'm a professional Facebook advertiser, I own a Facebook advertising agency and we create Facebook lead ad campaigns for our clients all the time. So I thought it'd be really useful for you to see the entire process.

I'm going to go through and create all the elements, set up the campaign, do the targeting and stuff like that at the ad set level, create the ad and all that sort of stuff. Go through each stage. Now the business I'm going to use as an example is going to be very similar to a business that we worked with recently.

I'm not going to discuss that company's details or anything like that but use them as a model for this video and that's a gym franchise. So gym franchise has a number of different locations and the campaign that we ran for them, they wanted to promote their personal training services. They have personal trainers on their staff and they wanted to promote that service.

So that's what we created a campaign for and that's what we created a lead ad campaign for is to get people to sign up in this case for a free personal training session. That was the offer and then of course they sign up for the lead ad and the various branches can go ahead and contact those people and book them in for that free personal training session to then go and convert those people into repeat customers and ongoing clients. Now you know you might be creating Facebook lead ads for a completely different business, absolutely fine but the principle still applies.

If you're a service or a local based business some sort of offer like a free consultation, a free session, a free quote, something along those lines is likely to work very well as your offer. So the basis for this video is still going to apply to you and you should find it really really useful. So first thing you want to do is head into ads manager, that's where I'm right now, I'm in my own Facebook ad account, not as I said in the clients because I'm going to hide their details.

But you want to go ahead and click the green plus create button and then I want to create a campaign. So I'm just going to call this example lead ad campaign, leave buying type as auction and then obviously you need to select the lead generation campaign objective in order to, that's what lead ads are, lead generation ads are, is using that campaign objective. Then we need to go ahead and create the ad set and let's put example ad in there for now as well.

Alright, I'm going to save this draft. So Facebook campaigns, lead ad campaigns just like others are split into three sections. You've got your campaign, your ad set and then the ad.

Campaign, there's nothing we really need to do here. One thing you can do if you want is turn on campaign budget optimisation. I've created another video about that.

It's going to become mandatory. It usually is a good thing to go ahead with. But when you're just creating a simple campaign like this where there's not different targeting options, different ad sets, it doesn't make any difference.

So I'm going to leave it off for now. So that's the campaign. Nothing needs to be done there.

Let's head into the ad set. Just going to load that up. So the ad set is where we set our targeting, who we want to advertise to.

And we also set our delivery settings in the ad set as well. So where we want our ads to appear on Facebook, schedules, bid strategies, all that sort of stuff set at the ad set level. So if I scroll down, don't have to worry about dynamic creative.

We're not going to be using a catalogue in this case. Budget, obviously set whatever budget that you want to. I would usually recommend you start small.

Start with something you can afford to lose. If or should I say when once you've tested things and crafted a campaign that works really well, you can always scale it up. So if you have 100 plus customers for the service or whatever it is that you're looking to sell or generate leads for with this lead generation campaign, then go ahead, upload that list of people to Facebook and create a lookalike audience based off of that and advertise to that lookalike audience.

That's almost certainly going to deliver the best results for you. If you haven't got that, if you're getting started, then I'm going to go through the process of how you sort of find the various people. Now, one thing I should quickly say on the lookalike audience side of things is that if you're going, OK, great, but how do I create a lookalike audience?

I'll put a link in the description of this video to a video that shows you exactly how to create a lookalike audience. I created one of those, one of my most popular videos. So go ahead and check that out if you've just heard that and you're thinking, how do I go about doing that?

But let's assume that you haven't got, you know, a previous customer list or something like that to create a lookalike audience from. You need to target a cold audience on Facebook. What the first thing you need to do is enter in your location.

So wherever the business is located, you can pop that in. So you can literally pop in a physical address and then do a radius around that. You could pop in a city.

So, for example, as a company, we're based in Sirencester in Gloucestershire in England. So we could pop in the city and then we could say it just moved. Come on.

And then we could say we want to target people that are within 16 miles, for example. So whatever is a reasonable area to target for your business, that's what you want to set up. You know, if you're like a dentist and you live in a big city, you're probably going to want a really narrow area to advertise to.

So if your service is fairly niche and people will be willing to travel quite a long distance because there's not that many people that offer it, then you can really open that up. Obviously, some businesses are going to go nationally and internationally and that's fine as well. Just depends on your company.

But let's assume, for example, that this gym we're looking to operate with, this is one of the branches we want to advertise. It's based in Sirencester and we think, you know what, for a gym, to be honest, 16 miles is probably a bit long. We'd probably go down to 10 miles and start with that.

You know, if we get other cities in here like Gloucester and Cheltenham and stuff, people are going to go to other gyms. So let's say, for example, that's what we're going to go with. Now, the reason why you do this first is because you want to establish your potential reach.

And then you want to work out how many people you want to target and how much more targeting criteria you need in here. So for this 10 miles around Sirencester, you know, this is countryside in England. You don't need 10 miles around there.

You've already got down to 110,000 people. So one option is literally just to use this size audience because we don't need to add any other targeting parameters. Don't need age, male, female, interest, anything because we've already got down to a much smaller area.

Now, if you're in a much bigger city or you're advertising of a much larger area, this audience could be a lot, lot bigger. So let's say, for example, that, you know, we were based in the centre of London and we were, again, we were willing to do, let's go down to 10 miles. OK.

That definitely hasn't worked because there's way more than a thousand people around the centre of London. Let's just pop that up to, let's say, 15. OK.

So there's 8.1 million people to advertise to if this is your area of operation. So if you've got this large an audience, you can really, really narrow down who you want to target. So if that's the case, entering your age parameters, you probably have a good idea of who is most likely to become a leader of yours.

So let's say for this business, for example, personal training, we've had a conversation with the owners of the business and they say that 35 to 55 is their core demographic. OK. So you want to pop that in there.

Some businesses, particularly male, female, in this case, personal training, there's a big crossover between the two. You can see that adding that in, let's say, for example, we were female based, adding that in, we've got 35, 55 women, we're down to 1.5. Still a little bit large.

In a country like the UK, I would like an audience size around about half a million, something like that. In the US, larger markets, that may be a million, million and a half, something like that. Still fairly large for what a lot of people would advertise, would recommend even.

But let's say, for example, in this case, we're going to go with all that. 3.2 million is still much bigger than we wanted. So now we just need to get a little bit creative in terms of, you know, we're offering personal training services here.

These are probably people that already exercise. They want to get better results. So they're going to be interested in fitness type things.

So physical fitness is an interest, for example. Let's add that in. How much does that narrow us down?

1.2 million. OK, great. So this is a little bit large.

You know, normally a business obviously wouldn't be advertising in the centre of London to that large an area. You'd put in a smaller area. But you want to add in an interest or something like that into this area.

Now, these interests, these demographics, these behaviours aren't perfect. Just add one or a couple that best describe your target market. The goal here is not for this audience necessarily to perform really, really well.

All we want to do is this audience to be close enough to our target market to get those hundred people signing up for a lead. Because then we can then create that lookalike audience that I was talking about and advertise to that going forward. Because that will produce the best results basically guaranteed.

So it's not rocket science. Don't worry about this too much. If you're not sure on a couple of options, you can always duplicate your ad set.

This is your ad set level. Duplicate that out. Create a few variations and see which ones performs best.

That's what I recommend. So we might have one that has physical fitness in. We might have one that, I don't know, has sports.

That's probably not the best example with something like this. Perhaps we have one that, physical fitness and then one that's got healthy diet. That could be a good option.

Again, that's overly narrowed us down. Something's gone wrong there. But yeah, you could have healthy diet in there.

Testing one option. You could have physical fitness in there. Testing another option or something like that.

Spread them out. As I said, it doesn't have to be perfect. You just want it to be closely related to whatever it is that you're offering.

So if I go ahead and remove that and go back to Sirencester and then if we go ahead and do... What have we got there? 13 miles.

Okay. That'll do for now. So that is showing less than 1,000 people.

This is an important point, by the way, guys. Facebook's ads manager is glitchy. You will see little errors like this.

There's obviously more than 1,000 people in here. We just had this set up a minute ago and it said 110,000. So don't worry if this isn't wrong.

You can always refresh your page. I'm not going to do that now because I'm recording a video. But that can happen.

Don't let it freak you out. Okay. That's your targeting section.

That's who you're going to advertise to. Moving on. Don't worry about connections.

The next thing is placements. Now, Facebook recommends that you use automatic placements, which is basically everything. And placements, by the way, guys, is where on Facebook and Instagram your ads will appear.

So if I select edit placements, you can see the options. So, for example, on Facebook, you can be on the feeds, instant articles, on the right column, in the marketplace. Instagram, you've got various options here.

You can be in Facebook Messenger. So there's lots of different placements options. Now, you'll see that with lead generation ads specifically, there's not that many.

You've got these ticks that are the ones that are available. And you could come in here if you wanted to and remove marketplace and stories and just focus on feeds. You could take out Instagram, just focus on Facebook, or do the opposite.

For something like a lead generation campaign, I recommend just using automatic placements. And that's because you've already told Facebook that you want leads. So they're going to optimize your campaign and put your ads in the places where you're most likely to generate leads.

If we were to be running a traffic campaign, for example, where we want to generate clicks, then I would go ahead and select edit placements because we don't want clicks from worse performing placements like audience network and stuff like that that are very cheap. But those people, once they get to the website, it could well be an accidental click. They're going to bounce off.

So with things like lead generation campaigns, conversion campaigns, stuff like that, go ahead and use automatic placements. Bid strategy, stick that to lowest cost. You can set a bid cap if you want.

Normally what I'd recommend is start with double what your acceptable cost per lead is. So let's say, for example, you want to generate leads for $10 each. Go ahead and pop a bid cap in of $20.

If you make the bid cap too small, your ad simply won't run. If you make it too big, it won't have any impact. So double what your acceptable cost per lead is, is a good starting point.

Delivery type you can leave as standard, and that is the ad set. So let's now move on to the ad section. Okay, so with Facebook lead generation ads, there's basically two sections to the ad.

There's the ad itself, which is the part that you see on Facebook, the part you're familiar with. And there's also the lead form, which is where people submit their information. So if I scroll down, let's start with the ad itself.

Now, obviously with lead ads, you can use an image, you could use a video, you could use a carousel. For this example, I'm just going to go ahead with an image. That's what we usually use, and that's what most people are going to use because it's the simplest option.

So that's why I'm going to use an example. But if you did want to test multiple images in a carousel, or you could create some video content, then absolutely go ahead and do it. Don't be afraid to test anything when it comes to Facebook advertising.

That is probably the number one answer I give. When people ask me questions via my Facebook group or whatever, they say, which options should I do this or that? And I say, test them both.

You know, this one's probably likely to work given my experience, but test them both. It won't cost you a lot to find out. Anyway, so back to the video.

So first thing we want to do is add in an image. Now, with this company, we would probably have images from one of their gyms, one of their locations that shows their personal training services in action. So if you're a business that has something like that, or you're portfolio-based, you're like a designer of some sort, then you might want to showcase your work in the image.

If you're not, go ahead and grab a stock image, and that's what I'm going to do for the purpose of this. So if I change image from that automatic one, and I go ahead and I jump into stock, and what we obviously want to find is something that's closely related to the offer. So we know the offer here is a free personal training session.

So if I put in personal training, that might be a bit too specific. Let's see what comes up here. Okay, so here we've got a few different options.

So let's say I was to select this one, for example. Obviously, you probably want to take a bit more time over this, go through, work out the best images that you think are most appropriate. But, you know, that sort of demonstrates the idea of what we're talking about here.

That's a personal training type image. So you can go ahead and use something like that. Next thing is the text.

So this is the part that's going to appear, as you can see on this little preview here, above the video. So I'm just going to grab some text that I prepared that's similar to what we used in that live campaign. So right at the top, I'm going to go ahead with, not live preview, live personal, sorry, free personal training session.

I almost got that right. Okay, so free personal training session in big capital letters with Astro Seed aside. Facebook will allow you to get away with that much grammar included.

They won't, they don't often allow more than three of anything, like exclamation marks or anything like that. But three's fine. Don't overdo it.

You don't want the ad to look spammy. But you do want to grab people's attention. And you want to let them know exactly what this ad is about.

Remember, people are sort of sitting on their sofa at the end of the day. They're catching a five-minute break at work, flicking through their Facebook news feed, looking for interesting stuff. You want it to really grab them you don't have long.

Free personal training session lets them know exactly what this ad is all about right up top. Then after that, we want to identify the people that we really want to pay attention to this ad. So we're going to go ahead and use with ever used a personal trainer?

Question mark. So that grabs their attention. And the next section, the next sentence, the answer for most people seeing this ad will be, well, no, I haven't actually.

I haven't used a personal trainer. And if they haven't, they're more likely to read on in terms of answering that question. Then you go, then we've got right now we're offering free, I'm going to capitalise that as well, personal training sessions with one of our expert personal trainers.

So we're after people that haven't used a personal trainer before. We've grabbed their attention. We've sort of intrigued them.

And now we're telling them what the offer's about. Right now offering free personal training sessions with one of our expert personal trainers. Exclamation mark to really put a bit of punch into it.

And free is capitalised to make sure that absolutely 100% clear that they will not have to pay for this. Free offers work very, very well on Facebook. Remember, Facebook is interruption advertising.

If you're going to grab people, do it with something free. It doesn't mean they're not going to be a valuable customer after that. You know, we've seen 100,000 plus customers come out of free consultations for clients that we work with all the time.

It absolutely can happen. Okay, after that, let me just bring up the example I've got. So now is the time to commit to your fitness goals.

And one to one training with an expert will really help you get results. So now we're incentivising people to take action. You know, we've got the people that haven't used a personal trainer before.

We've explained the offer. And now we're telling them why they want to go ahead and, you know, go ahead with this. So I'm recording this video in March.

We created this ad in January. So right, you know, now is the time to commit to your fitness goals was very applicable to that time of the year when people are thinking about that a lot. And then we give some of the benefits of this.

You know, one to one training with an expert will really help you get results. That's absolutely true. Studies have shown that.

My cousin's a personal trainer. You absolutely will get better results with a professional. So you can include and should include some of the real benefits of the service or whatever it is that you're offering.

And then we just tell them exactly what we want them to do. So click the sign up button to secure your free personal. Almost got that right.

Session. Very straightforward. So that's that's the text.

Next, it's a shame that we've just lost on just lost out on the C more button. And you might want to reword it in this example. Reword it slightly if we could just fit above the C more button.

That might be useful. But you can see what we're doing here. You know, click the sign up button to secure your free personal training session.

We've capitalized sign up. We capitalized free again. Always include with a lead ad campaign exactly what we need to do to take the next step.

Not everyone knows. It's not that clear to everyone. It might sound it to you if you're familiar with the platform, but not everyone knows.

So we always include something like that at the bottom. OK, moving on to the headline. Very, very straightforward.

You just want to tell them what the offer is. If the offer is good enough, it will speak for itself. You won't need to add much to it.

With other sorts of campaigns, if we're running an e-commerce campaign where we're looking to sell products, this would be different. But for lead ad campaigns, for service businesses, go ahead and just pop the offer right there in the title. Again, we capitalized free personal training sessions so that when someone's scrolling through, the three parts they see is obviously the image.

That grabs their attention and so does the headline. Make sure they're aware of that. News feed link description.

You can add one if you want. Obviously, on mobile, it's not going to appear. But normally, what I would do is just reiterate the action that I want people to take.

So if we go ahead with click the button to sign up for a free session. Something similar like that. Now, as I said, you can't see it in the mobile preview.

But if I scroll up here and select desktop news feed, you will see it down here. There you go. Click the button to sign up for a free session.

So not that many people are going to see it because most people will see this on a mobile format. But if they are on desktop, it doesn't hurt to have it in there. And yeah, just reiterating what people want to do.

You want them to click on the button. Okay, the call to action button. We're offering free personal training sessions.

So we could use something like book now. Because they're not actually going to book the session there and then, they're more signing up for the offer. And then someone from this company is going to contact them to get that booked in.

I think sign up is a bit more appropriate. Just use the one that best describes the action you want people to take. So we're using sign up.

And that's the ad. That's the ad created. I mean, of course, you pop your link to your website in there.

So it doesn't display that. But that's fairly straightforward. You've got your image.

You've got your headline. You've got your copy. You've got your news feed link description.

You've got your call to action. And now you need to do the second part of the Facebook lead ad. And that's create a lead form.

So if I go ahead here and click this create a lead form button. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new form. Now, this lead form pops up.

So if you, you know, we just showed you the ad there. When people click on that sign up button, you can just see it here. Click on that sign up button.

This preview on the right hand side. I'm sorry that I'm, me being on the screen is blocking it slightly. But this is what they will see.

This will pop up on their device on Facebook. So whether it's on their computer or their phone or whatever, this is what's going to pop up. So there are a bunch of different settings that we can adjust here, different options we can use.

So the first thing is obviously, give it a title. I'm not going to bother. And then you need to decide what type of form you want.

Do you want more volume or do you want higher intent? Now, I would recommend that you go for more volume to start with. If you find that you're generating loads of leads, but the quality isn't very good, then you can come in and select higher intent.

And all higher intent does is it's basically like a sign up confirmation. So it gives them a chance to say, you know, basically they'll flash up on their screen with something like, you're signing up for a did you mean to sort of thing. And if they click yes, that can help with lead quality.

But to start with, go with more volume. Intro, I don't think is necessary. So I turn it off.

Why make this process more complicated? It needs to be. You want them to sign up for the session.

That's what you want them to do. Going on to the questions. So this is the headline that's automatically put in.

Sign up by providing your info below. So I would just say, I would just add in sign up for a free personal training session by entering your info below. Just make it a little bit more specific to the offer itself.

Then we've got the questions in terms of the information that we want to get off people. So obviously email and full name are a given. But there's one really, really important one.

I've talked about this before and that's phone number. With Facebook lead ads, if you just click email and full name and you email people, you'll find that very few people will get back to you. Very few people will respond.

Whereas if you grab their phone number and you call the people once they've signed up for this free session, that's a much better way to do it. You'll get a much better conversion rate when you do call those people and get them booked in for whatever it is that you're offering. You can add all sorts of different information here.

I would recommend keeping it fairly simple. If you don't need it, don't ask for it. The more information you require here, the lower your response rate is going to be.

Then we come down and we grab privacy policy. So you need a link to, well, your company or if you're creating a campaign on behalf of a company, their privacy policy. Obviously, you're capturing data here.

So you need to say what you're going to do with the data needs to be GDPR compliant. If you're obviously advertising to customers within the EU. And then you would just pop in your link text.

So what you'll see here down below is, you know, view Ben Heath's privacy policy. You just put in view company names privacy policy and then the link to their privacy policy in there. If you want to add in a custom disclaimer, you can.

I'm not going to bother with that. And then the thank you screen. It's just this is what's going to happen.

So thanks, you're all set. I like to tell people what they're going to get. Thanks, you're all set.

How about we'll be in touch shortly to schedule your free personal training session. That way they'll expect your call, expect you to reach out. Then at the bottom, you've got view website.

There are two different options here. Download, call, business, whatever it is. I would go ahead and use view website for a business like this.

It's offering a free session, free consultation, something like that. Then obviously you need a link to your website. So once they're done, this is the preview that they'll see.

At the bottom of their screen, they can just click view website and go check you out if they want to. Then, of course, you just want to close this lead ad down. Check through everything that you've created.

The campaign, the ad set and the ad. And then you can go ahead and once it's obviously on the lead form. And then you can go ahead and run that campaign.

And provided you've got the right offer. That's the most important thing in this. And you follow some of the principles I've just used.

So you want an image that's going to grab people's attention that's related. You want to use some of the copy techniques I've talked about. Then there's no reason why you can't get fantastic results with your Facebook ad campaigns.

Now, this ad that I've created, that I've demonstrated in this video, is one that's included in my five-part Facebook ad template that I've recently updated and improved. It's now got six ads in there, all from different industries. We cover service businesses, local businesses, digital, e-commerce, all sorts in there.

If you want to get better results from Facebook and you're struggling to create ads, go ahead and download that. You can download it right now for free. All you've got to do is click on the link in the video description.

That'll take you to a Patreon website and you'll be able to download it there. As I said, you can download it. I've broken down each ad and explained what we've included in each and why.

The one we've just created is very similar to one that's included in that Facebook ad template. There are five other ads that you can model from. Feedback so far has been great.

We've had over 20,000 downloads, so you should find it very, very useful. Hopefully, this has been a useful video for you. If it has, I'd love to know.

Please leave a comment below. Subscribe to the YouTube channel and give it a thumbs up. And I will talk to you soon.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye.