Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about dynamic creative and whether you should or shouldn't use dynamic creative, what are the pros and cons of doing so with your Facebook ad, something I get asked about all the time so I want to shed some light on that. Before I do, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button on this video and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you are new and haven't done so already. So I'm in an example ad account, I've got an example campaign created and I'm at the ad set level because it's where you turn on dynamic creative.

Now in most of the sort of videos and trainings and things I put out I haven't used dynamic creative and I get a lot of questions people saying why, why don't you use dynamic creative? So first I'm going to sort of explain what it is, what the advantages are and then sort of go through perhaps why I don't tend to use it. So let's see what Facebook says for a start.

So dynamic creative, provide creative elements such as images and headlines and will automatically generate combinations optimized for your audience. Variations may include different formats and templates based on one or more elements. So let's go ahead and turn this on and then you can sort of read through all that sort of stuff.

There are a few restrictions but let's just click continue and by the way this is an example campaign so there's all sorts of things in here that are wrong, just ignore those warnings and everything like that. But once you switch on dynamic creative at the ad set level you can then jump to the ad level and you'll see again we've got a bunch of errors but don't worry about that. But on this side here you've now got a bit of a change in the ad creative selection where you've got select images, select videos, all that sort of stuff.

So it will automatically turn on this setting which is optimized creative for each person. So what basically Facebook are saying is that give us a bunch of headlines, give us a bunch of images or videos or whatever and we will work out which is the best combination, which is the best option to show each individual person or at least we will sort of siphon through all the options and find the winning combination of sort of headline, images, etc. Now you can do this or you could go with a more sort of traditional approach and let's say create four different ads within an ad set and go through different stages of testing.

So perhaps at the beginning when you first launch four different ads you've got like one slideshow, one carousel, one video, one image. So you're testing ad format, you work out which ad format works best, then the next week you're testing four different headline variations, then the next week you're testing four different primary text variations. So you're doing it in a more sort of methodical traditional approach where you've got four ads, you're testing variables each one to work out the best formula.

The idea behind dynamic creative is you sort of all throw it at Facebook and you go work it out for me. So are there advantages to using dynamic creative? I would say yes, it's probably a time saving setup.

If you want to get things done as quickly as possible and you want to work out answers as fast as possible, dynamic creative is probably, there's probably some advantages there over my more methodical approach that I still like to use. What else do you get? Well, I tell you what I don't think you get.

Facebook talk a lot about optimising creative for each person. I don't think that's where it needs to be to provide a lot of advantage yet. I think as Facebook collects more data, you know, privacy issues that we're seeing aside, as Facebook sort of goes on and gets better as an advertising platform, perhaps this section right here, optimising creative for each person, having that turned on, is going to become more and more valuable.

But at the moment, from what I've seen, there's not a tremendous value in there. So you can sort of disregard this part of it to some extent that optimising for each person. I just, I don't really see that having an impact.

Okay, we've done a few tests around turning this on and off. We don't see that having an impact. But the other side of it, of sort of working out, instead of for each individual person, what works best as a combination to your overall audience, like images and headline combinations that performs best to your overall audience.

I think there are definitely advantages in that with dynamic creative. And I think that what it comes down to for me is more of a personal preference. So once you've disregarded this section down here, which I think for the now you have to do, you then just get up to here, you can either put in, say, you know, four different images in a dynamic creative setup and let Facebook cycle through it and work it out.

Or you can just create four different ads with different images. And I don't think you see a material difference with those two different, those two options. From what we've tested, if we do it dynamically versus just doing it with regular ads, we don't, nothing really of note there.

Facebook's still going to optimise for the best performing options in both cases, whether it's dynamic or whether you've got four different ads, they're going to try and find the best ad. If it's four different ads, they're going to try and the best ad and promote that. If it's dynamic, they're going to try and find the best combination and promote that.

We don't see a material difference either way. And with that being the case, I find that using dynamic creative makes reporting and working out what works best a little bit more difficult. If you've just got one campaign or a couple campaigns and one ad account, it's not a big deal.

You can probably keep a good sense sort of in your mind of what performs well and you can keep track of things. When you've got an agency that's managing literally hundreds of campaigns are alive at any one time, being able to quickly and accurately, I mean, obviously I'm not doing all the work, right? We have a whole team of account managers.

So I'm not saying I'm going through each ad account and, you know, making the adjustments, but still being able to see quickly and easily, that's what performs best. Therefore, going forward for this sale or for this next campaign or for this next promotion, we're going to focus on this. I find tremendously valuable.

I, even if it takes a bit longer, I like going through the steps of working out the best format, then working out the best image, let's say, then working out the best headline. I think you as an advertiser or, you know, in our case as an agency, our account managers get a better sense for what works in the industry for that particular client, what works for their audience. And that is so, so important over the long run than using dynamic creative.

As I said, if you're managing one ad account and you've only got a campaign or two and you can sort of keep on top of this, it's not like you can obviously see the data of what works best with dynamic creative. I'm just saying in terms of ease of being able to work it out, I find it easier with a traditional approach and I don't see a material difference in performance between the two. I do think that once this optimising creative for each person starts to, gets good enough, which is probably going to happen over the next few years, this advice may well shift.

And I'll do another video if that's the case, where we may be going more and more towards the dynamic creative side of things. So that's basically why I don't use it because I think it's adding a layer of complexity without adding substantial improvements in performance, which I don't like to do. I'm a big fan of keeping things simple.

But I don't think there are disadvantages in using it either. If you prefer it, if you find it easier to use, that's absolutely fine. I'm not going to discourage anyone from doing that.

It really is a personal preference in terms of how you like to interact with Facebook ad account. I don't think you're going to see a big difference either way. One thing I do need to mention about dynamic creative that I see people make as a mistake very, very often, and that's overloading Facebook with too many variables.

So if, you know, I've seen people say they'll follow my stuff and they'll create four different ads, but they will make them all dynamic creative ads and they will basically, instead of having, say, four things that you're testing at once, if you add in lots of different elements and still have multiple ads, you can end up with trying to ask Facebook to test, you know, 16, 20 different combinations very quickly. And unless you're operating with really large budgets, that is too much for Facebook to optimize. So it takes you longer to get out the learning phase.

So just be aware of when you're wanting to test lots of headlines and images and all that at the same time, the more things you ask Facebook to test, the longer it's going to take Facebook to work out which works best from the options you've given. And that can lead to worse results in the short run. So if you are going to do things dynamically, just think about limiting the overall number of variables.

Don't give Facebook too much test at once. Just in the same way that I don't recommend you run more than five separate ads at once. You know, I don't recommend you go into an ad account, into an ad set and put in 16 different ads.

Unless you've got a really, really large budget, Facebook just can't, well, they can handle it, but it's not optimal. It's not optimal. You want to limit it down.

So that's something to reduce. There's another thing I want to quickly mention before I'm done about dynamic creative with your Facebook ads. Because I think, again, there's something that we might do more and more of in the future.

And that's a recommendation that I was given from a Facebook rep and a quality Facebook rep that I trust that we have access to given our position as, you know, a larger agency. And that was that they are, Facebook itself is starting to see advertisers have good results with dynamic creative and open targeting. So basically, you're just saying, Facebook, here's our stuff, work it out.

Now, she did say that they're seeing that work well, but only with very large advertisers that have really large budgets. And that makes sense to me because that means that Facebook's going to have much more conversion data within that ad account so that when you just basically open up all the windows to Facebook and say, work it out, they have a much better idea of where the best options to go. I don't recommend testing that if you're getting started or operating with any budget sub, you know, 100k a month at least, right?

Yeah, maybe 50k a month, depending on your country. Open targeting might be 4 million people if you're advertising in a smaller country, for example. And so that changes things.

But in general, be careful with that. Now, what those sorts of things are as recommendations that made, sometimes Facebook's a bit too early with them. So we've tested this a few times, and I have not seen good results.

Facebook's just seemed lost with it. We've seen inconsistency and not an improvement in performance. In fact, actually, I can think of a couple of occasions where we've tested that recommendation specifically with large advertising.

We saw a drop off in performance. So the dynamic creative and open targeting option is something that you may want to test if you're a larger advertiser. Be cautious about it.

Don't put tons of money into it just yet. But again, I think that's something that's going to change in the future and something that we're all going to want to focus on, much in the same way that I do see the future of Facebook advertising probably moving more and more towards dynamic creative. But just for us, it's not the way we like to do things yet.

We're not seeing a big difference either way. Okay, so I hope that's some cleared up some questions about dynamic creative. It's one of those where, you know, there are Facebook advertising things that are absolute no-no's and absolute things you really want to do.

This is not really one of them. This is a kind of, what do you prefer? What do you like to do?

Sort of situation for the time being. I hope that's been useful. If it has, please comment below to let me know.

Please comment below if you've got any questions. I don't get to all the questions. I can't anymore.

I'm afraid there are too many comments. I would barely do anything else. But I do read them all.

I do try to answer as many as I can. Please like the video. Please subscribe to my channel if you're new.

And before you go, a couple of things I want to quickly mention. The first is a free webinar we've created called Three Killer Facebook Ad Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. And in this webinar, we break down three different sales funnels that we use as a Facebook ads agency all the time.

They're very much tried and tested, produce fantastic results. And we explain, you know, which one of these sales funnels you want to use depending on the products and services that you sell. Because that is absolutely key to seeing great results with Facebook ads.

You need the right sales funnel for what you offer. You know, a course provider needs to sell things differently to an e-commerce business. You need to sell differently to a local high-end service provider, right?

So about 60 minutes long. Strongly recommend you go through the webinar. Click on the link in the video description below.

It's completely free. You can go ahead and check it out. And I think you'd be very glad that you did.

Other free thing I want to mention is our Facebook ads mastermind group. So a free Facebook group. 73,000 members.

One of the biggest communities of Facebook advertisers in the world. People just like you who are asking questions, getting them answered. I do free live trainings in there most weeks.

A fantastic community to be part of. So if that sounds like your sort of thing, we'd love to have you in there. Again, link is in the description.

Go ahead and join and we'd love to have you. Thanks a lot, guys. Best of luck at your Facebook ad campaigns.

Let me know how it works for you. You know, in the comments, right? Do you like dynamic creative?

Do you prefer to use it that way? Do you see better results? Let me know.

Or are you more traditional? Are you, you know, it's funny saying old school in Facebook ads terms? Because it's like old school from three years ago.

It's hardly old school. But are you more like how we like to do things and keep things simple with regular ads? Let us know in the comments.

That's always useful information to have. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye for now.