Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about whether or not you should be targeting engaged shoppers with your Facebook ads. You may have seen that come up as an option when you're creating your Facebook ad campaigns that would you like to target engaged shoppers, you can do it manually as well and you may have wondered is that a good idea, is that a bad idea? So I'm going to talk through the pros and cons when you do want to do it, when you don't want to target engaged shoppers with your Facebook ads in this video.

Before we're going to end that, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button, that really helps me out and is much appreciated and of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. So engaged shoppers, the best way to explain this and to demonstrate it for those who may not have seen it pop up automatically is to create an example campaign. So let's go ahead and do that, I'm just going to create an example conversions campaign for demonstration purposes and then we're going to jump to the ad set level, the ad set level being where the targeting options are obviously selected.

So I'm going to scroll down and ignore all this other stuff and I'm going to come down to this detailed targeting section. So I'm going to go ahead and click edit and as I said, sometimes this will pop up as an automatic option. I haven't seen it as much recently.

I would say that maybe six months ago it used to come up a lot more, but I'm sure it will still be coming up for a lot of Facebook advertisers and that's something that you should be aware of, by the way guys, is that if you see something on my screen that looks different to yours, that's because Facebook tests out different interface options for different users. They'll take say 10,000 Facebook advertisers and give them a certain interface and see how that affects performance, whether it makes it easier for them and they weren't to others. So there will always, there may well be slight differences, but you know, just something to be aware of.

Anyway, you may well have seen this option come up automatically, but if it doesn't, then what you can do is you can see that you can literally search for engaged shoppers and you'll see it pop up as a behaviour, okay, engaged shoppers. I'm going to show you how that normally works in a minute. So let's say for example, I'm advertising hats through online, through an e-commerce business, right?

Just take that as an example. So I could put in hat in here and I could boo the interest hat, okay? And we can see that in the UK, the potential reach, total reach, because it's what's defaulted to the UK, 11, 18 plus is, here we go, UK 18 plus is 51 million, which has actually gone up quite a bit recently, which is interesting.

If I was to just take off detail targeting expansion, we can see that of those, 1.7 million people are interested in hats, okay? Now what you'll often have is you might run an ad set like this with this sort of setup, if you're trying to sell hats as an example. And then what you can do is you can narrow audience.

I said this sometimes comes up as an automatic option that Facebook sort of promised you to do. And then you narrow the audience to only engaged shoppers, okay? And if I, if I just scroll down a little bit, if I hover over engaged shoppers, what you can see is that this is a behaviour and it says the description over here on the right hand side, will it stay?

No, it won't stay, so I can't highlight it. But the description over here on the right hand side says, people who have clicked on the call to action button shop now in the past week. So this is engaged shoppers based on in-app activity, on Facebook or Instagram activity, where someone is literally clicking on the shop now button, not learn more or other types of ads, but the shop now button, okay?

So if I go ahead and select that, we can see the effects. We've gone from 1.7 million to 780,000. And just out of interest, I'm going to very quickly remove this.

And you can see that out of the 51 million or so Facebook and Instagram users in the UK, 12 million of those have clicked the shop now button on an ad within the last week. It shows how much engagement interaction there is in Facebook and Instagram ads that almost, what's that, a quarter of the population that's on Facebook and Instagram has clicked on a shop now call to action button within a week, let alone a longer time period. Like, that's pretty impressive.

Let's go ahead and make sure we pop that back in for demonstration purposes. Okay, so when this comes up and we've got an audience here at 780,000, 1.7 million was fine, 780,000 also fine. Now it's easy to think this is fantastic.

Why wouldn't I go ahead and target engaged shoppers? Facebook often offers it as a sort of default option. Great.

Clearly I want to advertise to people that are more interested in buying from Facebook and Instagram ads, more likely to buy from Facebook and Instagram ads. Now, it's not as simple as that and I'll explain why and how it works out. So if you were to take this audience with the 780,000 of people that are interested in hats and are engaged shoppers, and you were to advertise to just say a thousand people within that audience, and then I was to get rid of engaged shoppers and just advertise to a thousand people in the hat audience alone, not narrowed, so not having to meet both these criteria, you are going to see a higher conversion rate from the people that are interested in hats and engaged shoppers.

So by targeting engaged shoppers with your Facebook ads, you're going to see a higher conversion rate. But here's the issue. It's also more expensive to reach engaged shoppers because a lot of other advertisers go, why wouldn't you advertise to engaged shoppers?

I'm absolutely going to have that as a criteria. That's who I'm going to advertise to. So if, for example, you see a 20% improvement in conversion rate by advertising to engaged shoppers, but a 50% increase in the cost of reaching those people, you are net worse off.

Yes, you've improved your conversion rate, but you've also increased the cost. And at the end of the day, most Facebook advertisers, it's your cost per conversion that's going to really matter. That's the thing that drives the success of the campaign.

That's the thing that is going to determine how profitable it is, whether you can scale all that sort of stuff. It's cost per conversion. So whenever you're making a change, often there's a, it helps this.

So it helps your conversion rate, but it hurts this. It hurts your cost. Therefore, where do you come out in terms of cost per conversion?

Okay. Now you might now be thinking, or therefore you just never want to use it. There's scenarios in which you do and scenarios in which you don't want to narrow further with engaged shoppers.

If you are, and we've tested this a whole bunch, by the way, if you are advertising, a product that would traditionally be sold on the high street, let's say. So jewelry, apparel, I mean, hats would be a pretty good option. Things that what the people that we commonly associate, you think of someone who's into shopping, like what are they buying?

They're buying a lot of clothes. They might be buying, they're buying, you know, the stuff that would traditionally be bought on the high street a lot. It is beneficial most of the time to include engaged shoppers as a behavior as a criteria in your Facebook targeting.

And that kind of makes sense because when we had a look at the 51 million people, that's the potential reach in the UK, 12 million of those have clicked the shop now button. I imagine a lot of those shop now clicks are on products that are traditional high street style products, clothing, jewelry, you know, these sorts of things. Okay.

A lot of home related products as well, you know, things that people buy for the home. So you are narrowing in a way that is very effective for those sorts of businesses. If you are advertising something that's potentially more niche or more specific to your audience, anything B2B, usually it's not beneficial to include engaged shoppers and you want to leave it off.

If you're advertising, let's say something in fly fishing, as an example, something I do every now and then, right? Fly fishing. Just because someone on Facebook and Instagram hasn't clicked a shop now button within the last week does not mean they won't on your rad at all.

Maybe that person is just really into fly fishing. They don't really care about a lot of stuff. They're seeing ads for these other things.

They're just not that bothered about, but your ad for fly fishing is absolutely up their street. They want a new rod or some new flies or some new line or whatever it is. And they're highly likely to click and purchase, you know, provided the ads good and the offers good and all that sort of stuff.

Right. So with those sort of businesses where it's more specific, what you're advertising to the specific person, more industry specific, more specialized, anything B2B, almost anything service related, we don't tend to find the results are better with engaged shoppers. If, as I said, you're selling e-commerce products that are very traditional high street items, jewelry, apparel, home related products, we do find it beneficial to target engaged shoppers.

With that said, it's not always as simple as that. So I would encourage you to test. If you're unsure, I would encourage you to test.

You can test one or two ways either run an identical ad set alongside each other. So in this campaign, for example, we could have an ad set like this hat targeting with engaged shoppers. We could have another ad set alongside it that is hat targeting without engaged shoppers, see how they perform.

Yes. Those two ad sets are going to compete a little bit, which is not ideal and not how you want to leave it going long, a lot over the long run. But what you're looking to do is over, let's say, a two week period, establish which one performs better.

And then you want to remove the pause, the ad set that's not doing as well. You can test it that way. Or if you want a test that's going to perhaps be less disruptive to your Facebook ad campaign, but take longer, you could run an ad set like this for say a week or two.

And then a week or two after that, you could come in and get rid of the engaged shoppers option and see how that performs, sort of doing it sequentially. So I get a lot of questions around testing and people want to know, how do I test those both things without messing things up? Often the answer is, we'll test one thing this week and then the other option next week.

And yes, it's not a perfect split test at all, but it might be beneficial. Okay. So that's another thing.

Having gotten rid of engaged shoppers here, one of the point I want to mention, and that's that you can see the audience size has gone back up to 1.7 million. Now we know that with Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, larger audiences tend to perform better in general, all things being equal, larger audiences are going to do better. So if the results are close from your test, you know, let's say the one with engaged shoppers performs a little bit better.

I would be tempted to go with the one without engaged shoppers. You want there to be a big differential to focus on the engaged shoppers one, because as I said, larger audiences perform better. They also have more scalability.

They also have more longevity. So if you're targeting an ad set with engaged shoppers and that makes your audience size smaller, you're going to have to create more ads more regularly because they're going to fatigue quicker because there's less people they're being shown to. You're also not going to be able to scale as much if it works really well.

You don't be able to spend as much. So there are advantages to staying with the larger size audience, but we have seen examples, as I said, where we're selling clothing, jewelry, you know, home related products, things like that, where we will only target engaged shoppers and we might see a 40% decrease in the cost per conversion, 30% decrease in the cost per conversion, which is absolutely well worth having. And therefore you want to go with that targeting options.

Okay. Hopefully that's been useful. Hopefully you now know what to do with your engaged shoppers, whether or not you should target them with your Facebook ads.

And yeah, hopefully that'll help improve your results because of it. A couple of things I want to mention before you go. The first is a course of mine called Facebook Ads Insiders, really comprehensive course I've been selling for a while, has recently been updated a lot of the content has been updated and we're constantly adding to it.

And if you're looking for that one resource, that's really going to help you get the best possible Facebook ad results. It is my Facebook Ads Insiders course. I'll include a link in the video description below so you can check it out.

We've had hundreds and hundreds of people that follow my, my YouTube channel purchase it. Feedback has been phenomenal. It covers literally everything.

We start right at the beginning with, you know, setting up Facebook page, priming it, getting business managers set up, pixel installation all the way through to really advanced strategies that don't talk about anywhere else. So if you're interested, go ahead and check out the link. You can find out the details and all that sort of stuff.

And other thing I want to mention is I've recently enabled YouTube channel membership. So you can now become a member of my channel and members for a small monthly fee get some added advantages. So they get prioritization in terms of me responding to comments.

As my channel has grown, I get more and more and more comments. It's impossible for me to answer them all. So I'm going to be prioritizing comments from people who become members.

I'll be answering those first. I'm still going to do my best to engage with other comments, of course, from people that aren't members. And I really appreciate anyone who does comment on my videos, but they're going to get priority.

You're also going to get a chance to take place in member-only polls. So I'm going to be asking my members what video content they want me to create, what topics, what Facebook advertising topics they want to cover. Things like engage shoppers.

People might have a question about it, they want me to cover it in a video. They get to do that. And also, if you just want to support my channel, if you've found value and found that my content has been helpful, perhaps helped your business, helped your Facebook ad campaigns, and you want to find a way to give back.

A lot of people have asked me that in the past. They've said, how do we support what you're doing? This is a great way to do it.

Become a member, help support me, and the channel helps me dedicate more time to creating content like this. And yeah, it'd be beneficial. If this video has been useful, as I said, smash that like button.

That really helps me out. It's much appreciated. Comment below.

Comment below with any questions you've got. Comment below to know what you think. Whether or not you become a member, as I said, I do my best to answer all comments, and I certainly see them all.

And of course, subscribe to my channel. I release Facebook advertising related content all the time. If that's what you're into, if that's going to help your business go to the next level, then make sure you subscribe.

Thanks a lot, guys. Bye for now.