Hi guys, it's Ben Heath and welcome to this complete Facebook ads tutorial. So in this video, I'm going to go through the entire process of creating a Facebook and Instagram ad campaign from scratch. So if you're a complete Facebook advertising beginner, you've never run a Facebook ad before, this video is exactly what you need.

It's going to go through the entire process from setting everything up in the beginning all the way through to getting an ad live in front of your target market. You've also been running Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, but you're not 100% sure that you've got all the elements correct. This is also going to be really useful.

You can follow through and make sure you've got everything set up the right way. Okay. So we're going to start right at the beginning by creating a Meta business account, what used to be called a Facebook business manager account.

Now to do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com forward slash overview. I'll include a link to this page in the video description below. And you want to go ahead and click on create an account.

Now, in order to do this, you will need to be logged in to your personal Facebook profile. Meta want to make sure that anyone that's going to be doing anything business related on the Meta platforms, Facebook, Instagram, etc, that there's personal profiles associated with that helps with accountability and all that sort of stuff. Then you simply just want to come in and enter your business name.

So my business name is lead group, for example, your name will be automatically entered in because you'll be logged in. And then you want to enter in your business email. Now I can't actually go through the next few stages and show you this because my business already has a number of business accounts set up.

And there's only so many that Meta let you set up even when your Facebook ads agency like mine, and we've got 10s of millions of dollars worth of ad spent across multiple different ad accounts. But just enter in your business email, click submit. And then you just need to go through a very simple process of entering in a few bits of information.

And once you've done that, you'll be taken through to the Meta business suite, which will look something like this. So the Meta business suite is a place where we can manage all of our meta related business assets. So things like Facebook pages, ad accounts, Instagram profiles, WhatsApp accounts, all that sort of stuff is like a central location where you can manage everything.

Now, if you've been brought through to the Meta business suite, and you can't see this sort of stuff on the left hand side, business assets, people, etc, etc, the way you get here is just come down and click on this settings option, and you'll be brought through. Now, because you'll have a new business account, you won't see all this stuff down here. So for example, here's listed all our business assets, that's what we've got selected.

And you can see we were multiple seven figure agencies. So when we scroll down, you'll see that we have hundreds and hundreds of ad accounts and Instagram accounts and Facebook pages, because we have hundreds of clients at any one time, I can literally just keep going on this forever, which is pretty cool. Now, obviously, if I scroll back to the top, you're not going to have all this stuff, right?

And that's absolutely fine, you're probably going to have nothing added in here. So what you need to do is you need to add in your Facebook page, your Instagram account, and either add in an ad account if you already have one, or create a brand new ad account. And that's going to show you how to do right now.

So to add a Facebook page into this business account, we'll first go over to pages, then you want to go ahead and click on add assets, and then select Facebook page as the top option. And within here, there are a few different options. Firstly, if you haven't created a Facebook page yet, then you can absolutely go ahead and do what you will need to create one in order to be able to run ad campaigns properly.

So you just want to simply click on create a new Facebook page, you enter in a few simple details, very straightforward, and then that's all done. It's already set up in here, nice and easy. I'm not going to go through that process because as you can see, we've already got hundreds of Facebook pages in our business manager, we don't need another one.

You can also claim an existing Facebook page. So if I click on this, so if you've created a Facebook page previously, you need to put it into this business account. And the way you do that is exactly what I'm showing you now you claim a Facebook page, simply just enter your Facebook page name in here, or just go onto that page in a new tab, grab the URL and pop it in here, click next, confirm, add it in, and you're all done.

Okay, so if you've already created a Facebook page, this is the option that you want to select, but that's when it's your Facebook page. If I just cancel out and go back into add assets, Facebook page. Or you can request to share a Facebook page.

So this is if you don't want to put the Facebook page inside a business account, you don't want to put it into your own account and claim ownership of it, but you want access to someone else's Facebook page in order to be able to do work. So if you're offering any sort of Facebook advertising services, anything like that, you can see it's best for agencies who need access to clients page. This is the option that you go ahead and select.

If you're just getting started with Facebook advertising, obviously not an option that you're going to be using. Okay, so that's us added in the Facebook page. Very important.

Next thing is an ad account. So if we go over to ad account, we've got tons and tons in here as well. Mostly our clients ones.

If we go ahead and click on add assets, and then we scroll down to this advertising section and go ahead and select ad account. Now again, if you've never run ads before and you need to create a brand new ad account, that's absolutely fine. You can click on this top option, go through the options.

It'll walk you through the process, including how to set up billing information, adding payment details, which you'll need to do in order to start running ads. You can claim an existing ad account. So if you've already run ads before, you will have an ad account created and you want to move it into this business account.

So if I click on claim an ad account, what you want to do is just grab your ad account ID and I'll show you where to get that now. So I've just jumped over to ads manager. And if you're not familiar with this, don't worry, we're definitely going to get to this later on.

But if you have been running ads already, you probably are familiar with ads manager. And your ad account ID is just the number up here alongside the name of your ad account. So you just want to copy that, head back into your meta business suite, add in your ad account ID, confirm, done.

And then that ad account is added in to your business account. Okay, very important. And of course, if we just quickly go back into that section here, click on add, add account, you can also request to share an ad account, do the exact same thing as what we talked about the page.

But that's more for agencies, not something that I'm going to focus on right now. Okay, so we've got Facebook page added in, we've got an ad account added in. If you've got an Instagram account, I'd also strongly recommend you go ahead and add that in as well.

So you want to go ahead and click on add assets, Instagram account. And then you agree to the terms, you claim an Instagram account. So there's not the option from within the meta business suite to create one.

And you need to claim an existing one. If you want to create a new ad, a new Instagram account, you'll need to head over to Instagram and do that instead. But you click on this, go through claim Instagram account, it brings up like a new window, you just enter your Instagram login information, claim the account, and it goes ahead and gets added.

Now there are also another of other type of assets that you can add in to your meta business account. So if I click on add assets, we obviously got WhatsApp account we haven't discussed. But there are other options in advertising, we've got custom conversions, pixels, all that sort of stuff.

You can add in catalogs, a number of different options, not going to go through and cover everything. If you're getting started with Facebook, Instagram advertising, a lot of that stuff is far more in depth and detailed than you need to worry about at this point. And I don't want to overwhelm you with information and make it much more difficult.

One other thing I do want to show you how to set up within meta business suite is how to add in other people into your business account to let them do some of this stuff, whether it's you know, posting on your Facebook page or your Instagram account or setting up ads for you or anything like that, you may well have other team members. Now again, we're a 30 plus person company. So with all sorts of people in here, you're not going to see anyone in here.

And that's absolutely fine when you're just getting started. But what you want to do is go ahead and click on add people. Now you will automatically already be added in.

So your profile will automatically already be added in because you're the one who created this business account. But you very simply want to enter in an email address. So we could for example, have example at leadguru.co.uk.

Okay, click next. And then we can select what role they get within the business. Do they get employee access?

So they're not able to sort of add new accounts or remove them. There's certain things they're not able to do. You can see that meta gives information around that.

If you don't want someone to have full control over everything, you want to go with employee as opposed to admin. Then when you click on next, you can select which business assets that this person does and does not have access to. So if you click on the drop down, you can give them access to your page and not your Instagram account or vice versa.

You can give them access to your ad account, but not other stuff. And you can go through and you can select the various options. Then you just go ahead and review invitation, click done.

And they will then receive an invite that they can accept either via email or they'll receive a notification when they're logged into their Facebook profile. And then they can be added into your business account. And they can start doing the sort of stuff that I'm going to show you how to do in a minute, creating ad campaigns, and things like that.

I've already mentioned it, but just quickly worth mentioning again, if I just quickly click on billing, it'll open up a new tab for us. And here you can add in new payment methods. Okay.

And it's really important that you do have a payment method set up. Meta will not let you run a Facebook ad campaign, Instagram ad campaign if they don't have payment information. You can see on this ad account, for example, we've got a small outstanding balance and it gives you some information around that.

You can grab invoices in here and it's a useful little tool. Okay. That's all set up from the Meta Business Suite standpoint.

Now we're going to go ahead and head over into Ads Manager and actually go through the campaign creation process. So before we jump over to Ads Manager, I just want to quickly mention that from within the Meta Business Suite, where we are now, you can actually create ads, monitor them and all that sort of stuff. That's just using this ads option on the left-hand side.

But I'd strongly recommend that instead you go ahead and use Ads Manager. It is the better platform, the one that most Facebook advertisers use. So to get there, you just want to click on all tools and then select Ads Manager.

You can see there's a little bit of information about it being the more advanced option. So here we are now in Ads Manager. This is what it looks like.

I've got an example ad account created. That's why there are no campaigns in there because I use this for videos and demonstration purposes. You might see a page that looks a little bit different, but we're all going to be able to go through the same process now.

Now, before we create a Facebook and Instagram ad campaign, just want to quickly explain that there are three levels to a Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. There's the campaign level, there's the ad set level, and there's the ads level. Important that you're aware that there are three levels and that's how we're going to go through and set this up.

So I want you to go ahead and click on this green plus create button. I'm just going to minimize that pop-up down. And this first window is about the campaign level, the top level, ad sets within that, ad is within that.

Okay. So first thing you need to do is select a buying type. You have auction or reach and frequency in most ad accounts, and the default is auction.

That's what I'd recommend you go with. By using auction, your ads are entered into the auction, as you might expect, but that's where you're bidding automatically against other advertisers to see which ads get put in front of people. Reach and frequency is a bit of a different setup where you're sort of just guaranteeing a certain amount of eyeballs for a certain price over a certain time period.

The downside with this is that often you don't reach the highest quality prospects. So you're better off going with auction. Then you need to go ahead and choose a campaign objective.

Now this campaign objective menu, these six options, it's relatively new. It's called ODACs. The previous version had a number of different options, but you can still do the exact same things.

And I've got a video about the differences between the two campaign objective menus. I'm going to explain how to do things within this campaign objective menu. If you've got the old one, just find the link to that video in the video description below.

That'll take you through there and you'll be able to see, okay, when he's talking about awareness in my menu, the old version, it corresponds to this and this. Okay, hopefully that makes a lot of sense. So I'm just going to quickly go through these campaign objectives and explain them because they are important.

So firstly, we've got awareness. Now this is typically used for businesses that want to build their brand. They want to get their stuff in front of as many eyeballs as possible.

So a lot of big businesses do this on Facebook and Instagram. They're not necessarily interested in people needing to click on an ad, go through, take a specific action like a purchase or become a lead. They just want to be seen by as many people as possible, get their stuff out there.

Think of big brands like Coca-Cola do this sort of thing all the time, TV ads, etc. That's what awareness is typically for. Traffic is different.

That's where you want people to click on your ad and come through to your website. Typically, there are a few other options, but usually it's going to be coming through to your website. We typically would use that sort of campaign objective if we're advertising a piece of content that we want people to consume.

So let's say a blog post or something along those lines, something that's going to warm up an audience and get them ready to purchase. We would also use traffic if we can't track what people are then doing after they click on an ad when they come through to the end destination. So let's say we're running a campaign that's directing people to a page on Amazon.

We're selling products via Amazon and we want to send people from Facebook and Instagram to that Amazon page to purchase. Well, we can't track that between your Facebook business account and what happens on Amazon. Therefore, we can't go with some of the other options I'll explain in a minute and we're going to go with something like traffic.

Okay, traffic is used far too much by Facebook advertisers and is not the option that you want to be using if you actually want leads or sales. That's very, very important. I want to get that across.

Engagement is exactly what it sounds like. If you want people to like your ads, comment on them, share them, watch your video, engagement is the option to go for. So when people are trying to really build a community and engage with that community and keep them active and going and interested in what they have to offer, engagement is often a way to go.

Not typically an option we use all that much. Then we get into leads. Now, this is one of the two options that we use very, very frequently.

And if you are looking to generate leads, inquiries for your services, people signing up for your email list, there's a number of different forms that a lead can take, then you want to be going for the lead option. Now, once you select the lead option, there are a number of different sort of subcategories of how that campaign can look within Facebook and Instagram. And we're going to explain a little bit more about this at the ad set level.

But let's say you want someone to come through to your website and fill out an inquiry form. That's absolutely fine. You want to go ahead and use leads.

Let's say you want to keep it within Facebook and Instagram, either because you don't have a website, or you just want to simplify the process. You want them to be presented with a contact form where they can enter your name, email address, phone number, so that you can then contact them about your services and progress them through your sales funnel. Well, then you'd want to use leads and instant forms.

That's absolutely fine. And there are other options as well. Let's say, for example, you wanted someone to click on your ad and come through to Facebook Messenger in order to start a conversation with you about your services.

So lots of different options that you can use when it comes to leads. App promotion is pretty self-explanatory. Are you advertising an app?

In which case, go ahead and use this one. And then there's sales, which is the other option that we use all the time. So the vast majority of the campaigns that we run are going to be leads or sales.

And that's because we want Facebook to optimize our campaigns for what we want. And most businesses, when they advertise on Facebook and Instagram, they want leads or they want sales. So it absolutely makes sense to go, I want sales, click the sales option, go ahead and get me sales.

Now sales will work in a number of different ways. There's people coming through to your website to purchase, they could be sending you a message via, you know, messenger or WhatsApp in order to work out the details and go on to make a purchase there. There's a few different options.

But these are the two that we typically use the most. For demonstration purposes, I'm going to go ahead and use leads. The setup with sales is very, very similar.

Okay, so we're going to go ahead and select leads here. And I'm going to give this campaign a name, you can see name your campaign, I'm just going to call this new leads campaign so that we can nicely easily follow along, click continue. And now we are taken to a new window where there are some more options at the campaign level.

So you can see on the left here, we've got our campaign level. Within that, we've got our ad set level. And within that, we've got our ad level.

So we've given the campaign a name, which is great special ad categories, got a whole separate video about special ad categories links in the video description below if you want to find out more about that. But if you are in a special ad category, you need to declare that you are so are your ads in any one of these categories credit, employment, housing, social issues, electoral politics. Once you select these options, you are limited in what you can do later down the line.

Targeting options are limited, for example, but you have to select this if you are within a special ad category. And it's fairly obvious once you read through these, and you don't select it, highly likely that your ad account will end up being restricted or just disabled altogether. So most of you won't be within special ad categories, and you can leave it as no categories declared.

Some of you will be very, very important that you go ahead and select if you are. Then we get into the campaign details, buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective, we've also already talked about. At this point, you can go ahead and select this show more options and add in a campaign spending limit.

If you're a bit nervous about forgetting about the campaign, or it just going ahead and spending too much, you can click on edit here and say, I want to add a campaign spend limit, I don't want to spend more than, you know, £500 on this campaign, whatever is comfortable for you, you can go ahead and add that in, no need to do so. Then we get into A-B testing. Now that's a tool that allows you to run a one option against another one.

So for example, it says here, you can try different images, add copy, target audiences even. It's a great tool, but not one that I would recommend the beginner Facebook advertisers use. So I would recommend you deselect this for the time being.

Then we get into advantage campaign budget, what used to be called campaign budget optimization. Now I've told you about the three levels of Facebook ad campaign. You've got the campaign level, within that you've got the ad set, and within that you've got ads.

Now within one campaign, you can have multiple ad sets, and I recommend that you do have multiple ad sets. And then of course, within each ad set, you can have multiple ads as well. That's the structure.

Now if we turn this on, advantage campaign budget, and I would recommend that you turn it on, particularly if you're a beginner, what that means is that instead of having a separate budget for each ad set within your campaign, you have one centralized budget, and Facebook decides where to allocate money according to performance. So if ad set one is producing better results in ad set two, it will get more of the budget. Now that's very useful, particularly for beginners, because you might, within the multiple ad sets, you set up, perhaps one or two of them isn't set up quite right.

If you follow through the steps I'm going to teach you, then you've got a much better chance of getting it right. But you know, there's always a chance. And just this way, it means that more budget will be spent on the better performing ad sets.

And that's only beneficial. So once you turn this on, you then have the option to select your campaign budget type. The two options are daily or lifetime, I would go with daily.

If your campaign succeeds, which is exactly what you want, you want to be able to run that campaign consistently over a long time period, you don't want to be constrained by say, a lifetime budget, the way you're just going to run the campaign for seven days, and then have to create a new campaign and go through the learning phase. I'll talk about that in a minute, and all that sort of stuff. And again, and optimize, it's not as good.

Daily budgets campaigns, because they're ongoing, are also much easier to scale than having to do it on separate campaigns. And finally, when you select lifetime budgets, it just seems to happen, I don't know why, that the last day or two of say a seven day or a 14 day lifetime budget campaign, your ad spend just kind of gets gobbled up by Facebook. Don't know why seems to happen, and you don't really get any results.

So I'm a big fan of sticking with daily budgets. Then in terms of what budget to select, I'd recommend that you start with something that's small enough for you to afford. So if you don't get any leads or sales, it's not going to put you or your business in any difficult financial situation.

But that's large enough that you care about it, you're not just going to set it at something that's so small, you're not even going to bother checking your Facebook ad account. That's not beneficial. What that is for your business, some businesses is going to be, you know, $10 a day, for others, it's going to be $1,000 a day, for others, it's going to be $1 a day, you know, it really depends on your personal circumstances.

Facebook will often default for 20. I'm just going to leave that as is for now. And on that point, it's important that you're aware that just because you select a daily budget of say, £20 per day, in this case, that some days you will end up spending more than that, you can see the meta says here, you'll spend up to £25 on some days, so a good chunk more, and less on others to give you an average of £20 per day.

And Facebook's going to do that not because they know that perhaps some days you get better results than others. So they're going to distribute budget according to performance. If Monday's your best day of the week, you'll probably spend a little bit more on Mondays, for example.

Okay, so just something to be aware of, because that can catch people out and annoy people if they're not expecting it. Then we get into this campaign bid strategy option, just going to minimize that down. And you can see the default here is highest volume, definitely what I'd recommend you go with if you're a Facebook advertising beginner.

We've got a leads campaign here, why would we not want as many leads as possible, you can set a specific cost per result goal if you want. Or you can go with other options like a bid cap. So you can say to Facebook, look, if my leads are going to cost me more than this, I just don't want them.

It sounds good. And it can be for more advanced Facebook advertisers. But at the beginning, it's important to go with an open option, just highest volume.

Because if you for example, set a bid cap that's too low, your ad simply won't run and you won't get any leads. And it's very difficult to work out what your leads are likely to cost you if you've never run a campaign on the platform before. So to begin with, strongly recommend you go with highest volume.

Okay, that's the campaign level, a number of different settings there. Hopefully, that's not too complicated. You can always go through and rewatch various elements.

That's absolutely fine. Now we're going to go ahead and move on to the ad set. Now before we move on to the ad set level, if you're going through this and thinking this seems complicated, I just want someone to do this for me, I don't have the time.

That is a service that my business offers. We offer done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. We create, manage and optimize campaigns for our clients.

We do have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement. If you meet that, you can click on a link in the video description below and book a call with one of my team members. We can discuss the details, no obligation call, of course.

And hopefully we get a chance to work together. If you're not at that budget level yet, that's absolutely fine. That's where most Facebook advertisers start.

You can carry on with this tutorial and my other content and that'll help you get to that point because of course, the upside to successful Facebook and Instagram advertising is well worth going through this process because it is absolutely enormous. Okay, so jumping over to the ad set level. Now, because we selected a lead campaign, lead campaign objective, we've got a number of different conversion locations and these will change depending on the campaign objective that you select.

Now, you'll see that the default for a Facebook and Instagram ad campaign is instant forms. An instant form, you may or may not have seen these ads of Facebook and Instagram user yourself, is where you click on an ad and instead of being taken through to someone's website, instead you are presented with a lead form. So a form within the app where you can give your contact information that then gets sent to that company and that company can get in touch with you and you could, they can communicate with you about whatever it is that you signed up for, whether it's a service or you're interested in finding out more about a product or whatever it happens to be.

That's the default and it's absolutely fine to go ahead and use the default, particularly if you're just getting started. It's a very quick and easy way to get things set up. However, what I'm going to do is go ahead and select website and I'm going to select website because a lot of people watching this will want to send people through to their website instead of keep them within Facebook and Instagram and they want them to sign up and become a lead there, which is absolutely fine.

But I'm also going to select website because I want this tutorial video to be as useful as possible. And when I select website, what we will then see from now on will look very, very similar to if we were using a sales campaign and let's say we had an e-commerce store and we wanted people to go through and make a purchase. So select website, which is what most businesses are going to do most of the time anyway.

That's actually fine, but you can go ahead and use instant forms, even some of the other options that I'm not going to discuss. You can use instant forms, particularly if you're getting started and leads is what you want. Of course, if you want purchase via an e-commerce website, then you just go ahead and select a sales campaign, use that objective, and then you select website as your conversion location and everything else looks virtually identical.

Okay. Now, in order to run a Facebook and Instagram campaign, that's either the leads or sales campaign objective, where you send people to your website and you want them to become a lead and sign up for, you know, inquire about your services or actually go ahead and make a purchase that you can track. You have to have the Facebook pixel installed on your website.

I've got a whole separate video about that because, you know, that's a topic in and of itself. There's a link in the video description below, which strongly recommend that once you've been through this video and got everything all set up, that you go ahead and set up your Facebook pixel on your website. That video shows you exactly how to do it, including all the steps.

So make sure you go ahead and check that out. Very, very important. There's no point running a lead campaign or a sales campaign where you're sending people to your website if you don't have the Facebook pixel set up because you cannot track the actions people take.

So when you run your Facebook ad campaign and you come into your ad account, you go, how many sales did I make from my sales campaign? Well, if you don't have the pixel set up, you can't tell. You have to get that set up.

Very, very important. But go through this first. You can get all this set up and set up the pixel afterwards.

That's what I'd recommend you go ahead and do. Okay. Then we scroll down and we've got performance goal, what used to be called optimization for ad delivery.

In case you're not familiar with the new name, you can see Metro have got a little pop-up telling us information about it. And if we go ahead and select this, you can see that the leads goal here is maximize number of conversions. And there are other goal options, maximize number of landing page views, link clicks, et cetera, et cetera.

I would absolutely recommend you go with maximize number of conversions. If this is a sales campaign, this is one of the only settings that might be slightly different. You can maximize the number of sales or potentially, depending on what kind of website you've got, like let's say you've got a Shopify store, for example, you can not only maximize for the maximum number of sales, you can also do for the highest value sales.

Because of course, when people come through to your Shopify store, as an example, sometimes people might spend $20. Sometimes they might spend $150. So you can also factor that in with sales campaigns, not just like with leads campaigns here, where you can maximize number of conversions, you can also maximize the value of those conversions, which is pretty cool.

So if you have that option, go with that. Basically, if you select a lead campaign objective or a sales campaign objective, you just want to go with whatever the default performance goal is, that's absolutely fine. Then we go ahead and select a conversion event.

Now, if you don't have the pixel set up yet, you won't be able to go ahead and add these in. And that's absolutely fine. Get all this set up first and then come back here.

And if you already have the pixel set up, just select the event that corresponds with whatever it is that you want, and that you've got set up on your website. So for example, we would go ahead and choose lead here. We're getting all sorts of warning error pop ups, by the way, in this ad account, because this is an example ad account, it's not hooked up to a website.

Don't worry, if you've got the pixel set up properly, you won't see things like this. Okay, then we scroll down cost per result goal. This is grayed out simply because we went with the highest volume bid strategy.

If you went with the cost per result bid strategy, you have an option in here, but it's not something I'd recommend you use. So you can ignore that. If we click on show more options, then we've got a couple of things in here.

We've got attribution settings. So if I go ahead and click on edit, the default here is seven day click or one day view. That is the maximum attribution setting.

And that's what I'd recommend you go with. To explain what that means, attribution refers to how long after someone interacts with your ad, they take an action and that then gets included as in this case, a lead, but otherwise a conversion within your ad account. So what does that mean?

So if we select one day click or one day view, that means that if someone clicks on our ad and becomes a lead within seven days after clicking or within one days after viewing the ad, that person will be counted as a lead. Whereas if someone clicks on one of our ads today and they don't actually, let's say that, you know, they forget about whatever it is, they come back to your website in a month's time, they then go ahead and become a lead. They sign up, inquire, become a lead.

It will not register within your ad account and count as a lead because it's not within the attribution window. The longer the attribution window, the better. That puts more data in your Facebook ad account, which helps Facebook optimize your campaigns.

Also gives you important information that you can use to optimize your Facebook ad and campaigns as well. So what seven day click, one day view is absolutely what I recommend you go with. And then we've got when you get charged impression, sometimes you're going to see an option to edit this and change the options.

It doesn't really make any difference anyway. I just always go with impression. Dynamic creative is quite similar to the AB testing at the campaign level can be a really, really useful tool, not something I'd recommend you use as a Facebook and Instagram advertising beginner.

It's just more advanced than you need right now. And it's going to complicate things once you get campaigns up and running. As you'll see, when you're a beginner, this process of creating a Facebook and Instagram campaign is already more complicated than it probably should be.

So go ahead and leave that. Then we get into budget and schedule. So you can set a start date.

This is just when I'm recording this video. You could set that for the future. If you're like, I'm not ready yet, but I want to run a Black Friday sale.

For example, I could go and set this up for, you know, towards the end of November. And we can set an end date if we wanted to, if we don't want to, if we want to make sure this campaign gets turned off at a certain point, you can set, you know, day, hour even, and get really quite specific. Again, if we were running a Black Friday sale and we didn't want to have to remember to come in and turn this off, we could just have it turn off automatically a couple of days after Cyber Monday, for example.

Okay. But I'm going to leave that blank because that's absolutely fine. Then if we click on that show more options, we've got an ad set spend limit because we've already set one at the campaign.

I don't think that's necessary, but if you had multiple ad sets set up and you want to make sure, now I only want to send, spend a certain amount on this ad set, then that's absolutely fine. Then we get into the audience section. Now, this is the real meat of the ad set.

This is what the ad set really does, right? You've got your campaign level, which is all about like, what type of campaign am I going to run? You've got the ad set level, which is all about who am I going to advertise to and how am I going to advertise them to them?

Like how often, when, all that sort of stuff. And then the ad level is obviously the part that your prospects actually see. So this is really key.

And this is probably what made Facebook advertising famous was the ability to target and really specifically narrow in on the audience that you want to use. Things have changed since that point. And I'm going to explain some best practices at this audience section.

So first of all, we have this custom audiences section up here. Now, custom audiences include things like retargeting audiences. So let's say you wanted to put an ad in front of everyone that had visited your website before, you can put an ad in front of people who've watched videos of yours on Facebook or Instagram, you can put an ad in front of people that are on your email list, lots of really cool options.

That's beyond the scope of this video, not something that beginners need to worry about when it comes to Facebook advertising. There'll be a link in the video description to a whole tutorial on custom audiences, how they work, how you set them up, how you get the most out of them strategy, everything you'd need. So go ahead and check that out if you're interested.

In this custom audiences section, you can also create what's called a lookalike audience, which is where you take a group of people, let's say the people that have visited your website and say, these are really, really good prospects for me, Facebook, can you just find me people that are really similar to the people that have visited my website? It's a fantastic audience to target. But again, you need to have warm audiences first in order to use that.

So you need to have people that have visited your website, watched your videos, messaged you on Facebook, or there's lots and lots of different options. And again, something that most Facebook advertising beginners aren't going to be able to use just yet, you'll be able to use this within a few weeks of running campaigns, by the way, it does not take long at all. But not just yet.

Again, once you've been running campaigns for a couple of weeks, go ahead and check out my full detailed tutorial that shows you how to set all this up on lookalike audiences. Again, link will be in the description of this video for that one. So we're just going to go ahead and leave custom audiences and lookalike audiences blank, you don't need to worry about exclusions at this point either.

Okay, then we get into the locations. Now the default is the country that I'm in, which is the United Kingdom, I'm going to go ahead and select edit here. What you want to do for locations is very, very, very simply just advertise where you sell your products and services.

Don't overthink it, don't think, okay, well, I sell my products services in the whole of the UK, but London's my best market, so I'm just gonna advertise to London. No, no, no, Facebook will work all that out for you. Don't have to get super specific here.

Just go with the target locations. If you advertise your, let's say a product typically, or it can be a service like my business as a Facebook ads agency, we advertise, you know, we offer services all over the planet. It can be beneficial to just pick one country to start with, particularly if that country's got a large population.

So let's say you're a US based company, and you're thinking, well, should I start by adding in Canada and UK and Australia and other English speaking countries? Don't worry about that to start with, just go with your main country. But don't constrain yourself more than that.

If you're a local business, that's also absolutely fine. So if I go ahead and delete this out, and I could put in something like Cheltenham, which is a town in the UK where I live, and I want Cheltenham, England to get the right option here, Cheltenham, England, and I could say, okay, I want to advertise in the city that I operate in, plus, you know, 15 miles, let's say, and you can adjust that, as you can see to the various specifications that suit you. And then you can just advertise in that area, that is also absolutely fine.

Don't, you know, if you're a local business, and you just advertise a product service locally, don't expand the range beyond where you can actually deliver your products and services, right? Hopefully, that makes sense. Really important little thing up here is this option.

So we've got people living in or recently in this location, I would recommend you change this to people living in this location. For example, if I can only service people in this area, I don't want people that live, you know, all around in other areas, parts of the country that say commute to Cheltenham for work or visited on holiday recently, and you see the default is all recently in this location. No, I want people living in this location.

So I'd recommend you go ahead and make that change. Now on the right hand side, by the way, if I minimize these, as we're going along through this whole process, you can see an estimated audience size here. Right?

So it's estimated that there are 250 to 412,000 people within this circle, typically, right? And that's useful because you can gauge that and work out is my audience too large, is it too small, etc, etc. We're going to get into more details in a minute, we'll see how this number changes.

But a general guideline is I don't like to advertise to audiences that are less than 250,000 people. If you're a large population country like the US more like 500,000 people. And in terms of an upper limit, I used to say that we don't want to target more than 5% of the population.

So let's say and that's the population of Facebook and Instagram ad users, by the way, not the population of the whole country. So let's say we're advertising in the US, there are roughly 250 million Facebook and Instagram ad users in the US, 5% of that is 12.5 million. So we normally wouldn't go above about 12.5 million.

There are circumstances where it's absolutely fine to go above that if you want to test open targeting, broad targeting, those are topics for later on and more advanced advertisers. So don't worry about the upper limit too much. It's that lower limit, you don't want to go below, you don't want your audiences to be too small.

I am for demonstration purposes, going to get rid of this. And I'm going to go back to putting in the United Kingdom. Next thing we do is we've got age.

So I like to be relatively broad with age. So let's say, for example, your core target market was 35 to 45 year olds, I wouldn't just put that in, I'd probably go with say 25 year olds to 55 year olds, or maybe 30 year olds to 50 year olds, you want to be nice and broad. Facebook's machine learning process means that if you give them a nice broad open age criteria to target, they're going to narrow that down for you and work out the best options.

So it just puts more power into the machine learning process of Facebook as opposed to you trying to guess. And particularly for beginners, that often ends up better. So let's use that as an example, right?

Our core target market is 35 to 45. So we're going to go ahead and select 25 to 55. This might be by the way, the sort of targeting that we would use for my business, a Facebook ads agency, because that's typically our core audience is going to be say 30 to 55 roughly.

So we might open up the upper end, but this is typically what it's going to what's going to look like. Genders. I would recommend you go with all unless you are very heavily skewed one way or the other.

If you're saying 90% male, 90% female, then fine. Yeah, go with men go with women. But otherwise, all genders is absolutely fine.

Even if you say a 70 30 split, I'd go with all you don't want to miss out on that other target market. Then we get into the detailed targeting criteria. Okay, I don't want you to get stuck here and overthink this very, very easy for beginner Facebook advertisers to do that.

You just want to go about starting to enter in terms that are relevant to your business, right relevant to your products and services. So if I was advertising my business, Facebook ads agency, we could put in things like business owners, right? And we'll just see what comes up.

Okay, so we put in business owners, that's who we want to reach small business owners, perfect. That's a great target option for us. Perhaps we would want to put in things like digital marketing, you know, Facebook advertising part of digital marketing, great, we can add in digital marketing as an option.

And we could go with social media marketing. Have a little think about that. Okay, great.

We've got social media marketing as a job title, probably not a good option there, because we don't want to be advertising people that are already working in the industry, they're not going to be customers of ours. Employers, again, that's not the right option. We don't want social media marketing, people who are employed in that industry, what we want is social media marketing as an interest.

Yeah, that's going to be the right sort of target market for us. So there's just three examples that I've grabbed there. And we could start by advertising this in a country like like the UK.

And what I would not recommend you do, though, is have all three in one asset, I just brought them up to demonstrate the process. What I want you to do is narrow this down to just the one to begin with. And then what we're going to do is we're going to create other ad sets and put one other interest behavior demographic targeting option, what's called a detailed targeting option down here.

And that way, you're going to run, say three or four different ad sets alongside each other. And then we're going to see which performs best, right? We're going to see, okay, is it a better market for me to advertise to small business owners or to people interested in digital marketing, or people interested in social media marketing, or there are, you know, there are lots of other options I could come up with people who are admins in Facebook pages, business pages on Facebook, that sort of stuff.

And then you can test that out. And particularly if you're getting started with Facebook and Instagram advertising, it's really, really useful that over the next few days, you're going to work out, okay, all these options we tested, small business owners is the best one. That's what we're going to focus on going forward.

So that's why I'm going to structure that. And I'll show you how to create this other ad sets quickly once we've been through this process. Okay, so that's very, very simple how you add it in.

You can see that small business owners advertising in the UK, we've got roughly half a million people within the 25 to 55 age range. I'm happy with that. That's absolutely fine.

Don't worry about this audience size too much. By the way, guys, people can get really twisted up about that. You can add in exclusions, you can define further, you can say people must be small business owners and interested in digital marketing, or we want to advertise small business owners, we want to exclude, I don't know, some specific category.

So you can get really specific with all this stuff. I don't want you to get too bogged down in this. So I would recommend ignoring these for now.

Unless when you're hearing that you're thinking, Oh, I really want to make sure I exclude such and such. You know, we've had people that want to advertise to say people who work in a certain industry, but they only really want one type. So you could exclude the other types within that overall industry, that sort of thing.

Okay, languages, advertising a country like the UK, where English is the language, it's pretty, pretty self explanatory, we can just go with all languages, that's fine. But let's say you know, you want to be more specific, like if you're, you know, let's say you operate in Canada in the French speaking parts of Canada, and your product services are more suitable for French speakers, then you go ahead and put in languages to specify that. That's fine.

Okay, and that is the targeting section, something that intimidates a lot of beginners, but it's absolutely fine. Hopefully you've been to that process, you know how to get it set up. Don't worry about getting this wrong, you can test and readjust and all that sort of stuff later on.

Then we go down to placements. And you can see that the default here is advantage plus placements, what used to be called automatic placements. And what that basically means is that your ads are going to be put all over Facebook and Instagram, lots of different places in the feeds, in stories, in reels, in marketplace.

And then what's going to happen is Facebook is going to work out the best places for your ads to appear across Facebook, Instagram, etc, where you get the best results, and that's where they're going to show up. So if you're using the lead or sales campaign objective, like I discussed, where you're optimising for what you want, it's absolutely fine to go with advantage plus placements, because Facebook is going to try and get you leads and sales, if on the audience network, for example, your ads aren't converting very well, your ads just won't be shown on the audience network. But if you're going with one of the other campaign objectives, either because you have to, or because you're using a slightly different setup, like, as I said, sending people to Amazon or something like that, and you're using a traffic objective, or maybe an awareness objective, I would recommend you go ahead and select manual placements and get more choosy with where your Facebook and Instagram ads appear.

All right, so I'm going to just remove that out. And we can see all the various placement options here, right? As I said, we've got feed stories, reels, your ads can appear in search in article apps and sites.

So if you are using these sales go with advantage plus, that's fine. If you're not, as I said, what I would recommend you do is deselect audience network, that's very important. That's, and you get low quality impressions on audience network.

These are the sort of ads that will appear like once someone clicks onto something that's not kind of within Facebook and Instagram, you know, the sort of thing you click on like an article and you come through and you see something pop up. That's what where the audience networks going to appear. And then you can also deselect some other options like in article as an option, you could get rid of search.

Usually we'd leave in stream depending on what ad creator we're going to use. But what we would typically if you really want to get as specific as possible, we typically just narrow down to fields, feeds, stories, and reels. And by the way, you could even go in here and get more specific and be like, I'm happy to appear on the Instagram feed, but not the Facebook feed.

And you can have a lot of play with this kind of more advanced. But if I was to simply simplify it for you, I'd say using the leads and sales objective, go with advantage plus, which is everything. If you're using anything else, just go with feeds, stories and reels.

Nice and simple for you to get cracking with. And if you click on show more options, we can get more specific and say things like, I only want ads to be shown when connected to Wi Fi, or for certain devices, as opposed to others, not something that I'd recommend you go ahead and mess around with. As a beginner, it's just not something that you need to worry about.

Likewise, with a lot of this brand related stuff, it's going to be important for some businesses, the businesses that this is important for should be advanced enough where they know how to deal with this, not something you need to worry about right now. Okay, that is the answer level, at least for this first ad set within our campaign. Now we can go ahead and jump over to the ad level.

Okay, so let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. So this first section is identity. And that's what your ad is going to come from.

So you need to obviously make sure you've got the right Facebook page selected in here, that's where the ads going to come from. And then if it hasn't already been defaulted in there, you want to make sure you select your Instagram account as well. Then we scroll down and we get to this ad setup section.

Now what I want to do is turn on this ad preview on the right hand side, that's going to be really, really useful for seeing what our ad looks like as we go through and create it. Now, because of some of the selections that we made earlier on, like we're not using dynamic creative and things like that, the default here with ad setup is going to be create ad manual upload for most advertisers. For some reason, some ad accounts, it's not, you may see other options in here.

I'd recommend though you go and select create ad manual upload to go through the exact same process I'm about to go through in case you aren't seeing exactly what we're seeing here. Basically this option is we're going to make it, we've got control over it. And particularly for beginners, that is a good thing, less likely something's going to go wrong.

I would recommend the vast majority of Facebook advertisers when they get started, they go with a simple image ad. It's by far the easiest ad creative to put together. Videos can be a lot more time consuming, costly, etc.

Definitely something I would recommend you do later on. I've got lots of tutorials on that. But to begin with, let's go with single image.

Let's try and make this as easy for you as possible, because getting started is what matters. So I'm going to go ahead and select single image or video. And then we get down into standard enhancements.

Now for more advanced Facebook advertisers, I don't recommend you select this because I recommend you get more specific and use some of the standard enhancements, not all of them. For beginners, absolutely fine to leave this on. For the most part, it's going to help you out.

Then we get into multi-advertiser ads. Now as of the recording of this video, this is a very new feature. I'm not a big fan of it at all.

So I would recommend that you deselect it. That may change in the future. I don't think it's likely to.

Basically, I don't want your ads to appear alongside a whole load of other ads when they could appear by themselves. It's effectively the long and short of it. Deselecting that is going to help your ads stand out more, get more attention, etc.

It's a bit more complicated than that, but that's the quick and easy setup of it. Okay, so those are the sort of settings for the ad itself. And now we get down into the ad creative.

So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to change gears a little bit. And for the ad set, we use an example of like a service-based business like mine that's advertising and Facebook and Instagram advertising services. Here, we're going to use a very different type of business.

We're going to use an online bakery that's looking to generate sales directly for their products. And I'm going to do that because I think using the different examples is useful as you go through. And this is going to be more applicable to more different types of businesses.

So in this case, we're going to be advertising a specific cake that is sold direct to consumer via an e-commerce website. We had a client that was quite similar products in this. We've changed some of the details, but quite similar products to this.

So that's where we sort of got the information for this example from. So the first thing I need to do is go ahead and add media, go ahead and click on this button here. Then you can either add in an image or a video.

The process is exactly the same. I'm going to go ahead and go with add image. So then once you come into this page, if you've got images already uploaded to your ad account, for example, then they'll be displayed here as I've got some beneath.

You can also grab any image that you've got on your Instagram profile, any image that you've already uploaded to your Facebook page. And then once you select those options, they'll be displayed beneath here. And if this is an image that you just want, it's just on your computer and you want to just bring it in to your ad account, just go ahead and click on upload and then follow the process.

It's very straightforward. I'm going to go ahead and scroll through these in a second and just grab the image that I want to use for this example. So once you've selected your image and clicked next, you'll come into this page here.

And this is where you get to decide how your image is going to look in sort of the main categories of placement, because of course, in certain locations, images are going to look different. Like when an ad is displayed in stories, for example, that takes up the whole screen on a phone, obviously things are going to look a little bit different. So you can obviously just go with the original and that's what's been recommended here.

Or we can start to get a little bit more specific and go with one to one. Now, because often images that you have, unless it's been specifically created for Facebook and Instagram advertising purposes, like this one wasn't, this was created for a, you know, to go on the website and then we've used it. And the ratios are going to look a little bit different a lot of the time.

And you're going to want to have a little bit of play around with this. So even though original here is recommended, I would say that one to one looks a lot better. And I'm sure you would agree for the feeds.

We obviously can't make this nine to 16. That's absolutely fine. And then right column, not many impressions happen over here, but we could try and change it to that option, which again, even though original is recommended, I would say that looks better.

If you're looking at this thinking, or hang on, that ad looks terrible in stories, you can replace it. You can use different images for different placement options, because we wouldn't really use an image like this for stories, because it just, I mean, you've got all this dead space up top and bottom. It's not going to look quite that bad when it shows to people, but it's not going to look as good as say this over here, which looks absolutely fantastic.

Like I'm sure you can agree that an image like this, super colorful, you know, it evokes a lot of emotion, doesn't it? Like, oh, that looks delicious. I want to try that.

That looks really interesting. And that looks so much better in the way the image looks really important. So what we would do is we would normally use an image like this for say, the feeds, and then we would either, you know, if it was a client of ours, we would ask for a different image, or we get a different image made or whatever, in a different aspect ratio for the stories placement.

And you just go ahead and click on replace. And then obviously you put that one in instead, we could also if we wanted to crop this differently. So we could, you know, take that or take that section, or you can have a little play around, you know, with how you want this to appear depending on what looks best.

Okay. So just know you've got quite a lot of flexibility once you upload your images to Facebook and Instagram in terms of how you can get that to perform. So this is how exactly how we do it, except we would replace this one with a different type of image, one that's going to look better in that format.

Then we go ahead and click Next. So now we get into the Advantage Plus creative section. So we can see that our ad is being shown as partially optimized, we've got two out of four optimizations turned on.

So we've got standard enhancements. And you can see that meta provide information about what's going on here. So that will be things like automatically just adjusting aspect ratio, few other different various options as things like optimizing text per person, so moving your headline in different places.

I'll explain a bit more about that in a second. But you can see, for example, that this is what's going to this is what our ad with even without changing the image is going to look like on stories on Instagram stories. It's not that bad, is it?

It's not as bad as that preview in the previous page look like so you could run with this, it would just be better if you did actually go ahead and make the you know, put the different image in, for example, we've got image brightness and contrast that's turned on absolutely fine. So you can see the difference between original and optimized, that's going to be more important in some circumstances than others, but really help your ad pop. You can if you want to add music, not going to make a big difference to a lot of Facebook Instagram advertisers, for the time being, it only affects two different placements in stories and reels.

So it's just not that big a deal and not something that beginners need to worry about. And then 3D animation I would put under the same category. So I'm quite happy to go with the two of four optimizations of stunt enhancements and the image brightness and contrast, and we can go ahead and click done.

Okay, so now we can see our ad is starting to come together. And on this preview on the right hand side, we can see really useful information. So this for example, so far is what this is going to look like on the Facebook feed, fantastic image.

Whereas it's going to look different if we go with say, the Instagram feed, or this one's the Facebook marketplace video feeds, what else have we got, we can sort of click through and see the various different examples. And you could just go through and you can see exactly how this is going to look as you go through the process. If we want to come in and edit how our ad creative, our image looks, we can do so here, right, we can say I want it to look different on any one of these placements.

And that's where you can go back into sort of the window that we had previously. This is this advantage plus creative section that we just talked about, same as the previous window, but you can edit it in here in case you change your mind later. It's not like you add your image in, you have to do all this stuff and you have to go through the whole process again.

No, no, you can come in and edit these bits. And then we get into the text. So I've got some text prepared.

Let's go ahead and grab that. So firstly, let's go ahead and copy in the headline. Okay, and here we can pop in our headline and the headline we're going for here is mouthwateringly good, low calorie cakes.

Now when it comes to writing headlines for your Facebook and Instagram ads, you want to sort of try and tick a few boxes, right? Remember, we're trying to sell this product here. So one of the benefits associated with this product, mouthwateringly good.

Well, that sounds great, isn't it? Who doesn't want mouthwateringly good, delicious, tasty food, and low calorie, another huge benefit that a lot of people really care about. So we can go ahead and put low calorie cakes in there.

Nice, short, snappy, good to go. We can, as you can see, you've got headline here, one of five, add in other headline options. And that's something that I'd recommend you do not necessary if you want to get started and just like this process taking too long, it's too difficult.

Just go with the one that's fine. But if for example, you're like, oh, I'd like to test mouthwateringly good low calorie cakes versus something that like is a little bit different, perhaps highlights the fact that it's a rainbow cake or talks about some of the other elements, that's absolutely fine. You just click on add headline option and you just go ahead and add them in.

Okay, so that's our headline. Now let's go ahead and grab our primary text. So I'm just going to paste that in here.

And then the formatting went a bit weird with the copy and paste. Now you can of course write this directly in here, you don't have to paste it in from somewhere else. But I just had this prepared for the video.

So if we just go through this primary text quickly, this video is not specifically about copywriting, but I think as part of putting the ad together, this is important. Our signature rainbow cake smothered in white chocolate buttercream frosting and topped with fresh fruit. But the best bit, you can see we're really explaining what this product has got, why it's great, evoking those emotions to get people to take action and purchase.

But the best bit, it's only 150 calories per slice. And we're currently offering a 10% discount. If you can ever offer a percentage discount or something along those lines within your Facebook and Instagram campaigns, they are highly likely to perform better.

The offer is really, really important. Seriously, click shop now to brighten up your day. So we've got some emojis in there.

It's fun, it's short, it's to the point, it's talking about the benefits associated with this product, that why you want to go ahead and get it. And the tone is quite playful. We're advertising a cake.

If I'm advertising an insurance product, the tone is going to be quite different in the copy. I have lots of other pieces of content about headlines and primary text and how to write high quality copies. So you can go ahead and check those out.

I'm not going to dwell on this too long. But just like with the primary text, one of five, you can go ahead and add in for other options. Oh, and one thing I do want to quickly mention is we've got click shop now to brighten up your day.

So we've got a call to action at the end of the primary text, which is useful, we can see the ads starting to come together on this right hand side. Then we've got the description. So let's just go ahead and grab that here.

Limited time only 10% discount, which is what I'd like to include in the description. It's nice and short and quick and punchy and to the point. And yeah, that's our ad sort of somewhat built out.

A few other little bits and bobs, but we can see how this is starting to come together. The headline for some reason isn't displaying down here. It did a second ago and just be aware that this preview can, this is probably a good example for me to demonstrate, can sometimes not show anything up quite right.

If we go ahead and click edit, you can see, boom, there it is, right? Mouthwateringly good low calorie cakes. This is what it's going to.

Why is it doing that? And that's just a good example actually to show you that sometimes this preview is a little bit buggy and things don't display properly. If I just quickly click edit, yeah, look, we can see it in here, right?

In the actual preview. So there's not really a problem here. It's just not displaying down there for some reason, which is a little bit annoying for demonstration purposes, but may be helpful that you can see that these things do happen.

Nothing to worry about. We've got this optimized text per person section here. We can see that's enabled.

And what that allows Facebook to do is decide that actually perhaps your headline will be better off in as your primary text and your primary text would be better off in your headline and your description. It allows you to move all those various options around for advanced Facebook advertisers. I don't like this for beginners.

I think it's fine because it may well be that you're not quite familiar with what you should write in your description versus headline and then being able to move around is okay. To turn this off, by the way, you actually need to go ahead and turn off standard enhancements. And then you get a little toggle down here that lets you turn this on.

But standard enhancements are good for the most part. Then we've got the call to action here. Just simply go with the option that best describes the action you want people to take.

So you can see that back in the primary text, we said click shop now. So what I would do is go ahead and select shop now from the drop down, but don't overthink this. And that affects this button on the right hand side, by the way, and just go ahead and click shop now.

And then you are good to go. You can see how this is being buggy on the right hand side, the title popped up and then disappeared. There we go.

Then we get into the website URL destination. So this is pretty straightforward. Where do you want to send people?

If you're advertising a product like this, we would send them to the product page. If we're advertising like our business for our Facebook and Instagram ad services, we would send people through to the page where they can go ahead and book a call with one of our team members. Where do you want people to go?

Don't overthink this. Just pop in your URL in there. You can use it as different display URL.

This is going to appear above the headline. I said my preview isn't working quite right. So it's just a shortened link to help recognize things.

Like if we were sending people through to, I don't know, a Calendly link, for example, where someone could book a call, we might instead want to put in our, you know, like actual URL to make sure it looks right and goes in. You can see the preview popped up for a second and then disappeared. You can choose or choose not to go ahead and add that in.

Call extensions can apply to some businesses. It's fairly self-explanatory. Whether you do or don't want to use it for a cake like this, we wouldn't.

Other businesses we might well. And then in terms of instant experience and Facebook event, definitely both things that more advanced Facebook advertisers can get involved in. I would ignore those when you are getting started.

Then we've got languages. Same applies to really to what we did at the ad set level. Do you want to include other languages?

If we are advertising this cake in the UK, no. If you're in a country where there are multiple languages spoken, maybe that's more important. And here what you can do is you can turn that on and you can add in your own translations.

It can be set up for you automatically and you can then edit it. There's a few different ways to get that set up. But that's up to you whether or not you do or don't want to use it.

Fairly easy to use. And then in terms of tracking, if you haven't yet got your Facebook Pixel set up, then a lot of this stuff might be a lot confusing and not set up right. You might have errors.

Once you do have your Pixel set up properly, using that video I talked about, then all of this is going to be set up and you don't need to worry about it at all. All fairly nice and straightforward. Okay.

So that is the first ad created. Now, what I would recommend you do is create other ads alongside this one, usually two, three, if you're a beginner, just a couple others, and test. So here we're advertising our rainbow cake.

But if we're advertising an online bakery, there are other products that we could advertise. So we would create one ad for the rainbow cake. We create one ad for, I don't know, a shortbread.

We might create one ad for a cookie, whatever it is that we're advertising. And we might run those together and see which one performs best. Now, the way you do that, if I minimize this down, is you can see right here, we're at the ad level, remember the three levels at the top, we would just select this ad, I would click duplicate, number of copies, one is absolutely fine into the original campaign.

And then for this one, you know, this one might be our cookie ad would be the new one. And then what we do is we would go in here and change all the details that we want to change for the new ads, we put in the new, where are we, we put in the new media. So we delete this out here, remove this image.

And then we go ahead and add in the cookie image, we change the primary text, change the headline, change the description, change all of that information, and to make it more suitable for the original one. And then to help things be nice and simple, I come back into this previous one for the rainbow cake. And this would be rainbow cake ad, for example, and then you can see the structure on the left hand side, we've got one campaign, one ad set, but we've now got two ads within this ad set.

So that's how it's going to work. And the best performing ads will get more of the budget, which is great, because that gives you better results. You also mentioned around testing different targeting options at the ad set level when you first get started, I think that's doable and not beyond beginners.

So you just come to the ad set level, like I have now, you select your ad set, new leads ad set, and you duplicate and the exact same thing, we're going to create a new ad set in here. So now what we've got is what one campaign, we've got two ad sets, each ad set has two different ads in them, but they are the same ads. And that's important if you're going to test different targeting options.

So let's say for example, that this ad set was going to be our people interested in digital marketing. So we might call this digital marketing UK 25 to 55, and a few other bits of information, I can't remember exactly how we filled it out, but something like that. Okay, and but it's got the same ads.

And then in this ad set here, we've got, what do we have, we have small business owners, and we have the same thing, don't we 25 to 55. And that would be the setup. And then what that means is we can come in once this campaign's been running, and we can see, okay, we've got the same ads in each ad set.

So does digital marketing interest work better than small business owners as a targeting option, or vice versa. And then we can specifically narrow down on that target audience. So something that's, that's well worth doing to just set these up.

And if you use the duplicate function as opposed to creating new, it means you don't have to go back through and create all these ads from scratch, they just get copied with the ad set, which is why I showed you it at this stage after we have done the ad. Okay, obviously, you can't just change the name of the various things. So for digital marketing, we would have to scroll down now.

And where we've got this detailed targeting option of small business owners, we would have to get rid of that. And then we would have to add in digital marketing, pop that in there. And boom, that's now ready to go.

Okay, so now I am aware that this campaign structure on the left hand side looks a little bit of a mess because we've got like a lead campaign that's advertising Facebook ad services at the ad set level. And then at the ad level, we're advertising cakes. But just remember, this is not how we would actually set this up, right?

I'm just doing this to show you different types of businesses as we go through the process, you would obviously have targeting options that are things like interested in cakes and baking and you know, all those sorts of things food, there would be different targeting options for these ads, like don't copy this campaign structure. Well, you can copy the structure, but don't copy the fact that we've got one type of business at the ad set level and a different type of business at the ad level. That is wrong.

Hopefully, I've explained that and that's okay. Then when you're ready to launch your Facebook ad campaign, get these things live, then you want to click on review and publish and just check, have a quick check through and then confirm and go ahead and publish. Your ads will go through review process, it's done automatically, it's not a person that looks at it initially, unless you run into problems.

And that process is usually pretty quick. On a new ad account might take an hour or so, often it's going to be quicker than that. And then your campaigns will go live and you can come in here and you can see your results at the campaign level.

So we'll start to see, for example, things in the results column, cost per result, how much it's costing us to get as leads. You can have a look at it at the ad set level to see the difference between the two ads or the ad level to see how each ad is performing. And you can use that information to start to make decisions and optimize your campaign.

So you might, for example, know that you can pay a certain amount cost per lead and how is this comparing to what you need to be able to pay, and same for cost per sale, really useful information. And when you first launch Facebook Inkscrum ad campaign, it's important that you're aware that it goes through what's called the learning phase. The learning phase is where Facebook is testing out various stuff and trying to get you the best results possible.

So they're testing things like, do your ads convert better at eight in the morning or four in the afternoon? They're testing out, okay, within this half a million person audience that we're targeting, is there a group of 50,000 that are better than others? We'll try and find those for this business.

So your results initially can be a little bit worse because of that learning phase than they will go on to be later on, just something to be aware of. And new ad accounts, because of that lack of learning, often take a little bit longer to go through the learning phase, usually lasts about 48 hours. The more experienced ad accounts, it takes a bit of a while for your campaigns to get up and running.

Now, as you'll have noticed when we went through this video, there's lots of things that I've sort of glossed over or said you want to get to that later on, things like custom audiences, lookalike audiences, or there are links in the description of this video to a lot of that stuff. So go ahead and check those out. Please also make sure you subscribe.

Facebook and Instagram ads changes all the time. I'm constantly releasing videos about the latest updates and things like that. You want to make sure you're aware of those and on top of those as and when they happen, because they can make a big, big difference.

I'd love to know what you think of this video. So please make sure you go ahead and leave a comment below, letting me know what you think, if there's other stuff you want me to cover and all that sort of stuff. What I strongly recommend you go and do now is make sure you've got the Facebook pixel set up correctly.

That's really, really important. I've got a full tutorial that you can check out here. It goes through the entire process, setting up in the first place, installing on your website, setting up your events and aggregated event measurement.

Sounds complicated. It's not once you go through that tutorial. That really is the next step to get your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running and delivering fantastic results.

So go ahead and check it out.