Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to tell you why you should stop promoting naked content on Facebook. So all the digital marketing experts say that you should be promoting content on Facebook. They say you should be promoting blog posts or videos or podcast episodes, whatever content it is that you're creating, but they're not telling you the whole story.

Yes, you should be promoting content, but no, you shouldn't be promoting naked content. And naked content is content without a call to action, where you aren't selling anything or progressing people to the next stage of your sales funnel. Yes, you should be promoting content, but also give people a chance to buy your products or inquire about your services.

With videos, I think it's best to have a call to action at the end of the video, and if you stick around to the end of this video, then you'll see that in action. With blog posts, I'd recommend that you include ads to your own stuff, to your own products and services right there within the blog post. And then of course, at the end of the blog post, include a call to action.

Now the primary objective of promoting content on Facebook is to warm up cold audiences. That's why everyone's recommending that you promote content. And of course you want to warm up cold audiences because that will make it much easier for you to sell them products and services in the future.

But there are a very small percentage of your target market called the hyper-responsives that don't need to be warmed up. They'll be ready to buy right now. And that's why you want to include a call to action in your content.

You want to give those hyper-responsives a chance to buy your products and services the first time they see your piece of content. And to show you an example of exactly what I mean by a call to action at the end of your video, I'm going to do it right now. So Lead Guru, my company, is a digital marketing agency that specializes in Facebook advertising.

And if you're looking for help with your Facebook advertising campaigns, whether you're looking to generate leads, sales, grow your brand, build an email list, whatever it is, we could almost certainly help you with that. So if you're interested in working with us and interested in our services, all you need to do is click on the link in the video description. That'll take you through to a page on my website where you can book a slot directly into my calendar.

This phone call is completely free of charge and it gives me a chance to find out a little bit about your business, what you're looking to achieve and see if we can help you. So hopefully you click on the link in the video description and we'll talk soon. But either way, I want to wish you the best of luck with your Facebook advertising campaigns.

Bye for now.