Facebook advertisers shoot themselves in the foot all the time because they cut corners. They don't do all the things you need to do to crush it with Facebook ads. In this video, I'm going to show you what those extra steps are that make all the difference to your Facebook ad results.

So if you're serious about winning with Facebook ads, go through this whole video and make sure you're doing every single one. Number one, create headline variations. When you create a Facebook and Instagram ad, you can add up to five headline variations.

It's really easy just to add the one. I don't think it's a terrible thing if you're just getting started. It's your first campaign or two to do that.

But really, add in the extra headline variations. That allows you to test different options. You might find something that works much better than what you had originally written, and that could massively improve results.

Takes a bit of extra time and effort. Meta even makes it easier for you with this because once you've written one, they will produce AI-generated variations. You may want to use those.

You may not. We sort of use a mixture often because some of them are good. Some of them aren't.

But yeah, a bit of extra effort can make all the difference. Number two is very similar, is primary text variations. So just like with the headline variations, you can write up to five different primary texts as part of any one ad.

Meta will make recommendations, use AI to do so to make it easier for you. And again, not as important as headlines, but you might find primary text to help improve your results. Bit of extra effort, well worth it.

Number three is to test different ad formats. So people often fall into two categories when it comes to ad formats, right? They either just create image ads because that's all they've really got the capacity to do, and they're much simpler than anything more complex.

Or they go, it has to be video ads. I can only ever go on video ads. Video ads always produce the best results.

And neither of those options is correct. Video ads often perform better than image ads or carousel ads or other ad formats, but not always. And we've done a lot of experimentation with all the accounts that we have within our business manager account, over 400 different Facebook ad accounts.

And the data we have correlates with when I polled my audience, the data that was produced there. The video performs best about 60% of the time. And 40% of the time is going to be image, carousel, other, et cetera, right?

Now, 40% is quite a lot. So it's definitely worth testing the other ad formats. If you think, oh, it's only ever video, you might find that particularly if you're asking for something quite simple, signing up for a lead magnet, booking a free call, buying a low ticket, relatively impulse purchase, maybe image ad will work best for you.

So make sure you go ahead and test different ad formats. Likewise, if you're only creating images because they're simple, and if you don't have the capacity to do it yourself, that's absolutely fine. If you really want the best results possible, look to test video ads, get people involved that have that skill set.

And if the ad creative performs really well, much better than what you're currently doing, it will more than pay for itself in terms of the cost of getting that created. Okay. Number four is to test different styles of video ad, assuming video ad actually performs best for you.

That's why I went through the previous one first, because you've got to work out the right ad format. Let's say video ad does work. Don't just get fixated on the one style.

It's something I see a lot of advertisers do. Often it's because they feel like that's what they can create. They kind of get fixated.

And I think, oh, this is something I can do. This is easy. And therefore, that's all they do.

But just to run you through some examples, and there's a good chance you're sort of really using one of these well, probably not a whole load of them. And you might find ones, again, that perform much better than the one you're currently testing. So we've got UGC style video ads.

We've got influencer video ads. These are not the same thing. A lot of people in this industry seem to think that UGC and influencer are the same thing.

It's not true. UGC can be user generated content, as in from your customers. They don't necessarily have to be influencers for it to be UGC.

The big distinction, someone with influence, with a following, with sway over a market, that's very different and potentially a lot more valuable than UGC. Sometimes not. Sometimes the cost doesn't outweigh the reward.

Although I'm a big fan of influencer marketing. I push it a lot. But they are different things.

So you think, oh, I'm already doing influencer marketing. No, no, no. If that's a previous customer that's got no following, that's not influencer marketing.

That's UGC. We've got founder-led videos, something not everyone want to do, something you can experiment with. So demonstration, particularly if your product or service is something that people don't often understand, demonstrating how it works in a video ad format can work really well.

Graphic. So you could have images made, put that into a slideshow, almost like animated images, moving in images as opposed to other styles of video. You can have full-on animation.

There's lots of people that would do that online that you could hire relatively inexpensively. That you could say, look, this is our concept. This is what we want to do.

And they'll create almost like a short animated video to demonstrate that. And there are, of course, other options that they haven't mentioned there. But those are the main categories that we think about.

And just not getting fixed on one and being able to test other options is often a really good way to go. Come on in a sec. Take a look at this.

So this is in my mentorship program, right? And the results from Win's channel. And Tara has said this.

In two weeks of joining, my ROAS went from 0.7 to 8.03. And I've only implemented maybe 30% of the feedback that's given me so far. Which is just, that's just incredible.

That's awesome. So Zoe up here, she joined the mentorship program with 35,000 raffle tickets. I was thinking she wasn't going to sell them.

And she ended up selling out completely with two days to spare. And we've got loads of others in here. We've got tons of people just sharing information around how they've done well, great results they've got.

If you're interested, you can click on the button beneath this video. That'll go through to a page on our website. You could book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more information.

Hopefully, we get to work together. Hopefully, you join and you'll be sharing fantastic results like Tara and Zoe have done just here. Number five is to create specific landing pages to match with specific offers.

Now, if you've been watching my content for a while, you'll know that I'm always talking about offers and the importance of the offer. The offer being what your customers get. Yes, they get the product or the service.

But is there a discount? Is there a deal? Is there a buy one, get one free?

Is there a guaranteed delivery time? Is there a guarantee around results? You know, what is it around this that makes it really appealing?

The offer is so, so important. So, I'm encouraging advertisers very often to create different offers and test different things because perhaps people aren't as interested in a discount as you think they are. Maybe what they really want is a guarantee.

They want a guarantee of some sort of outcome or they get their money back or whatever happens to be. Perhaps what they really want is not a discount. They want much faster delivery times than what your customers are offering.

So, there's lots of different ways to spice up an offer. And you need to test these things to work it out and work out, oh, actually, our audience are really into this. Look at how well this ad is performing with this offer.

But what you really want to do is make sure that people that are clicking on an ad that has a specific offer go through to a landing page on your website, if that's how your sales funnel is structured, that matches up, that there's congruity between the landing page and your ad. Because if you're offering some specific guarantee, for example, as part of your offer and they come through to your landing page and there's no mention of it, you're going to get a worse conversion rate than if that matches up. Like, oh, yeah, that sounded really good.

I've never heard anyone ever guarantee that. Let's go through. They guarantee installation within 48 hours of me ordering.

Brilliant. It only takes a few weeks. Right.

Come through to the landing page. Oh, yeah, there it is. Guaranteed installation, 48 hours.

Boom. I'm going to go ahead and order and get this done. So, that does require extra effort because if you're going to test four different offers, you're going to have four different landing pages.

It's not as onerous as it sounds because you can, of course, duplicate a landing page, tweak the text and copy often. Sometimes you might need to adjust the design and some of the creative assets on that landing page as well, but not that often. But just make sure that it's very clear and you match those up and it can really help improve your results, particularly when you're testing offers.

If everyone's just going through to a generic sort of landing page that try and covers it all, it's not going to do as well. Number six is to use standard enhancements, but be selective. So, when you upload your ad creative, your images, your videos, depending on what you upload, Meta's going to offer a bunch of AI-based enhancements to that ad creative.

Okay? So, this could be a whole bunch of examples. Like, they could turn your images into a short video by animating it.

They could add music, for example. They could do text overlay. They could increase the contrast to make things brighter and stand out.

And, you know, different options are going to vary depending on your ad creative. So, most of the time, they are good. They are going to help you improve results.

And Meta has the flexibility within those enhancements to decide when they do and don't use them. But you need to go through each and every one and make sure it works with your ad creative in mind. There are many examples where if you just completely trust it and you have a look at what Meta actually does and then puts ads in front of people, you go, oh, no, hang on.

They sort of changed. They added some text overlay, like a headline on top of the image. And that cuts off a really important part.

Images kind of make sense now. Oh, that's not good. So, you need to go through and check those.

You might have the same with music as an example. Right. I'm glad that they add music.

I'm glad that they're trying to make this ad feel a little bit more engaging, a bit more dynamic. But that music doesn't fit my brand in the slightest. We need to go ahead and change that.

Okay. So, use them. Meta's AI is trying to help you out.

That's why they offer this. They want you to get better results. You get better results.

You spend more money with Meta. Everyone's happy. But it's not perfect.

Like with most AI tools, you need to be the filter as the Facebook and Instagram advertiser. Okay. Number seven is to not neglect your Facebook page and Instagram profile.

There are a lot of advertisers that fall into the camp of, I don't care about doing anything organic. I'm not trying to build a following. I want sort of direct response.

So, I put ads in front of people and I want to generate leads and sales directly. I don't care about anything else. And I think for a lot of businesses, that's mostly fine, but you have to be aware that these are social media platforms and your prospects will come and check out your page on Facebook.

They will come and check out the Instagram profile that you're advertising from. And if it looks dead, like no one's there, no one cares, that's just not a good look. Particularly if you're selling something where the prospect needs to trust you in order to buy, which is a lot of things.

Definitely anything expertise-based or any product where you're making some sort of claim about its superiority over the other competing products in the marketplace. So, you don't need to build a massive Instagram following or a massive following on Facebook. You don't need to be posting multiple times a day.

But just make sure that at least semi-regularly you have something going out and that it looks alive. And that if there's someone commenting on your latest post saying, oh, I tried to book a call with you, but it didn't work, or I can't check out, that there's a response. These people aren't sort of ignored.

It doesn't take a huge amount of time and effort to do this. Someone, it doesn't even have to be you, it could be someone relatively junior in your company just doing this. And you don't even need to create the content to put out there.

You can curate. You can take articles that are related to your industry and share them to your page and profile or other videos or whatever. Just to make it feel like someone's home, effectively.

Okay, number eight is to install the conversions API. So, the conversions API allows for more accurate tracking of your results data to be fed back into your ad account than the pixel alone. Since privacy regulations were introduced and continue to be introduced and added, pixel tracking has become less reliable and less accurate.

So, in addition, you need to set up the conversions API. Now, depending on what website structure you're using, that can be really, really simple. It can just be literally a few clicks of a button, or it can be a little bit more complicated.

But it's really important that you do it. If you don't have the technical expertise yourself, make sure that you work with someone. You can find someone on Upwork, Fiverr, something like that, who will do this for you relatively inexpensively.

It is really helpful because the more accurate data you get within your ad account, the better you can optimize your campaigns and the better Meta can optimize your campaigns. And we know that both of those things are really important to improving your results over time. This is especially important for businesses that are lead-based and you want to be able to track who converts and have that data come into your ad account, not just leads.

Because it can be really easy to have, you know, let's say two different offers generating leads and you're just assessing the cost per lead, thinking, well, they're about the same. But if you have the back-end data and you're like, yeah, but this offer from lead to actual customer converts at twice the rate of this other offer from lead to customer, well, that's way more profitable for you. And if you have things set up properly so you can track these offline conversions, have that data fed back into your ad account, you can actually optimize for conversion leads as opposed to just leads, basically who goes on to convert.

And that could be a game changer, particularly for businesses that are struggling with lead quality. If you're finding that you're getting lots of leads, which seems great, but not no one, but not enough people are converting. Well, if you're actually getting metas systems to optimize people that do go on to convert, well, that's going to make a really big difference, right?

And you can set all this up through conversions API. And for those of you spending more than $10,000 per month, I'd strongly recommend that you take the next step and get the ultimate when it comes to data accuracy and tracking. And that's Hyros.

Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Facebook and Instagram ads. It's a software that all the big players, including myself, use. I use it to track the results that I generate from my own ads.

I also use it for all my organic content as well, which is really useful. So if someone comes through and books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy. And that allows me to make decisions in my business, which is really, really helpful.

And let me quickly show you how important this is. So I'm in my Hyros dashboard, I've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns, and I've created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this. So this campaign spent just under £2,000, generated £15,000 in revenue.

But here's the really important bit, reported versus revenue. And in this column, we can see £12,000. Now, what that means is that out of the £15,000 that this campaign has actually generated, Hyros has been able to report on the full £15,000, £12,000 of which Meta was not originally able to see.

So if we're just looking within our Meta ad account, not using Hyros, we would have seen that £3,000 of revenue was generated from this campaign. And that is not true at all. That is a much, much lower ROAS number than the actual £15,000 of revenue that was generated.

For a number of years now, Meta's ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect. And it's only heading that way. It's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and track our results as we need to be able to do.

This is a relatively extreme case. And the reason why is because Meta has a seven-day maximum attribution window. And this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than seven days to make a decision on.

So if someone clicks on an ad, they often won't convert within seven days. Meta's simply not able to see that data. And that's where Hyros comes in.

The important thing is that you need accurate data and Hyros takes care of that. So if you want to get better results from your Facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description.

Number nine is to regularly check comments on your ads in Meta Business Suite. So ads on Facebook and Instagram, unlike ads on, say, TV or on a billboard or something, they're live things. People can interact.

People can add stuff. This can be positive or this can be negative. So you need to tend to it and make sure that when these ads are continuing to be put in front of your ideal customers, that they provide the right image and have the right information.

You don't want to leave really negative comments on your ads. You don't want to be paying to put ads in front of people and then people go and check the comments and someone's just slating your service and criticizing it or whatever or saying that your product's not very good. That ad is not going to convert as well as if you delete that comment.

It's absolutely fine to delete comments on ads, particularly if they're negative. There are other scenarios where you might want to respond to certain questions. If people are just asking things, could be easy conversions to be had.

They saw the ad. Oh, does it do such and such? Or do you have capacity on these dates or whatever?

You can quickly go ahead and respond to those and start a conversation, maybe convert those people. Also, again, other people will see those comments. So let's say someone is advertising a product and someone asks a question in the comments of that ad saying, will this product work for a certain situation?

Right. And you say, oh, yes, it worked really well for that situation. Well, there might be other people that see that ad that are also curious.

Would this work in this situation? And they go and they see the comment, they read it and they go, yes, brilliant. They've answered that.

I can go ahead and purchase. So this is something that you want to sort of set as a regular cadence. Like someone's going to go in every couple of days, let's say, and be like, just monitor this.

And OK, respond to the questions or delete the negative stuff. Like I said, don't worry about delete negative stuff. Doesn't mean you do anything wrong.

You're going to get it no matter what. Some of it might be from your competitors. Just get it gone.

Don't think about it. And then respond to questions. And you might want to try and amplify really positive feedback.

So someone leaves a really positive comment on your on your ad saying that your product service is fantastic. Maybe they bought it before. Or you can say, oh, thank you very much.

Really appreciate it. And that engagement with that comment means it's more likely to be at the top of the comments within your ad because that's the way comments are ranked. Right.

The more the ones that get more engagement appear at the top. So you can help amplify that. And that's also, by the way, just as a quick aside, one of the reasons why I don't like excluding your previous customers from your ad campaigns.

A lot of people like, oh, I don't want to pay to reach my previous customers. It's like one of the benefits is if they've bought the thing. Or they've hired you for the service and they really liked it.

Or they might leave a positive comment. Like if you look on a bunch of my ads, you go to Meta Ads Library, you can see my ads and take a look at the comments. You'll see there are a bunch of people that have been part of my mentorship program or have user done for you services.

And they leave positive comments. I'm like, brilliant. That is fantastic evidence to help people who see this click through and convert.

So definitely something to think about. Okay. Number 10 is to produce and then stick to a new ad creation schedule.

That's going to vary massively depending on your business, right? Standard might be, all right, I'm going to produce four new ads every month. Like I said, the more you spend, the more ad creative you're going to need.

The more different offers you have, the more ad creative you're going to need. So it varies massively between business. But what I found advertisers often do is they create a bunch of ads.

They run them. Hopefully one or two work really well. Sometimes they do.

Sometimes they don't. If they do, they sort of go, great, I've got ads. And they just sort of, I'll get to at some point creating you.

I'll get to some point. And they don't. And it goes on and on and on.

And these ads that were performing well slowly fatigue and results drop off. And all of a sudden they're in a crisis situation where the ads are no longer producing profitable sales or leads and they haven't been producing any new creative. And they're like, ah, and there's a mad scramble to produce.

It's like much better to just plan it out in advance. Okay, I am going to do this. I'm going to commit to this every month.

I'm going to try and make them better every time. I'm going to learn from what I've done previously. I'm going to actually focus and put effort into this.

Yeah, otherwise, like I said, you can end up in a sticky situation having had things perform really well previously. Number 11 is to keep your lead tags up to date in Meta's lead. So you know how I said you can feed conversion data back from your CRM into your MetaRat account.

And if you're using instant forms, you don't even need to do that because all the information can be stored within lead center. But you need to go in and adjust and make sure that that's accurate. So if someone has converted, make sure you change the tag associated so that data is actually fed through.

I've seen a lot of scenarios where the stuff I talked about previously, getting all the tracking set up was done well. But the sales team weren't actually updating the information around the leads that are being generated and the ones that are converting. So you're like, okay, but this data is now not like, yes, data is being fed back, but it's not being inputted in the system properly in the first place.

Therefore, it's basically useless. So really important, a bit of extra effort. That's what this whole video is about to help you not be a lazy Facebook advertiser and get the best possible results.

Something that you might not be doing if you're a bit of a larger business, let's say, and you've got a sales team doing this. But trust me, sales guys want to move on to the next call. They want the commission.

They often aren't the best at following up with all the detail and making sure that all the boxes are ticked and all that stuff to help on the back end. So you want to chase up and follow up with that. Number 12 is to keep up to date with the latest changes.

This is so important. There are so many changes happening to Facebook and Instagram advertising all the time. And honestly, the best way to do that is to subscribe to my channel.

I release one video every week, one long form video every week on Facebook ads, letting you know the latest stuff or how to do certain things. It's not difficult to sort of have that as part of your weekly schedule to go, right, I'm going to watch this however long video. It might be 10 minutes, might be a bit longer, might be 30 minutes, whatever.

I'm going to watch this video from Ben every week. And that's going to keep me up to date with Facebook and Instagram advertising. And actually, speaking of changes, a change that's already started to happen is the new Advantage Plus campaign structure.

So if you haven't already, I'd strongly recommend you check out this video. I walk you through the entire process. Manual campaigns and Advantage Plus campaigns are being combined.

Some, a small amount of ad accounts have this already, but everyone is going to get this new structure over the next six months. So in this video, I walk you through how it's structured, how it works, where to find things, how to get the best results. If you're into your Facebook ads, this is a must watch.