Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to give you a piece of Facebook advertising advice and that advice is to stop asking for engagement in your Facebook ads. Now I'm going to explain exactly what I mean, I'm going to give you a quick example here, but you need to stop asking for engagement in your Facebook ads because that's a very, very good way to get your Facebook ads disapproved and even get your Facebook ad account disabled, which if you've ever had either of those things happen to you, which I certainly have, it's an absolute nightmare to reverse the decision, get the ad account back up and running and something you want to avoid altogether. So what do I mean by asking for engagement with a Facebook ad?

Now you've probably seen the sort of ad that I'm talking about, it tends to be when someone's running, you know, Facebook advertisers is running a contest or a competition, a giveaway, something along those lines, and they're using what's called engagement bait. So they're saying to people, look, we're giving away this free thing, enter the competition for free, all you have to do is comment below with a certain word or share this post or like it or basically engage in some way, help spread the word for us as a Facebook advertiser for free, in exchange you entered into this competition to win this free thing. Now advertisers do this to try and build audiences and they used to do it four or five years ago very, very successfully, you could build really large audiences on Facebook doing this because of course, you know, it's a very quick and easy thing for people to do, why wouldn't they do it?

They want the free thing. But it's something that's now against Facebook's advertiser policies has been for a while, which may be why you haven't seen these ads before. But it's something that I see Facebook advertisers still make in terms of mistake quite often.

And it's a reason for their ads getting disapproved and their ad accounts getting disabled. I've had a number of conversations with business owners about this fairly recently, so I thought I'd create a quick video on it. Now what I've got here in front of me is an example Facebook ad account.

I'm just going to show you exactly what I'm talking about, and hopefully just so you understand fully. So I've just created an example giveaway campaign instead. These engagement bait ads where people are asking for engagement in the ad is usually some sort of, you know, let's say giveaway contest.

Not always. I've seen other advertisers, just regular business saying, you know, if you want to become a lead of ours or interest in our service, comment below or stuff like that. All of that is not allowed.

So I've selected this campaign. I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level. And we've got this, I've just called it example engagement bait ad.

It's engagement bait. You are baiting engagement in this ad. Let's edit this and go in and take a look.

So I'm just going to scroll down to the primary text. I'm going to pop in the sort of things that people might put in here. So someone might have something like a free giveaway of some sort that explain the offer, what it is, et cetera, et cetera.

And then they'll say something like to enter, you know, the competition, uh, one comment, uh, below with the word, you know, it usually something specific to your industry, but I've seen things like this being used before comment below with the word boom, um, to share this post. And then three might be tag a friend in the comments. So the way this works is we're giving away a free, whatever it is, you know, it could be a free, if you sell certain types of products, it could be a free, whatever type of product you give away, uh, you, you sell, you know, you're giving one away for free.

I see businesses do it with service as well. We're giving away a free carpet cleaning or, you know, something along those lines. Okay.

To enter the competition, you know, we're going to draw the, uh, someone at random from everyone that enters, you need to comment below with the word boom. You need to share this post and you need to tag a friend in the comments. Now it's obvious why Facebook advertisers would want to do this.

The advantages to you as a business is that you could probably increase how many people see your ad by tenfold, maybe more, um, if people are taking this action. So that's going to cost you a lot less. You know, if you've spent, I don't know, a hundred pounds and you've reached a certain number of people for that a hundred pounds, if you wanted to 10X your reach, usually you'd have to spend 10 times more on ads.

But with this method, people will be sharing that post, commenting, putting it in front of their friends, other people's news feeds for you. So the advantages, as I said, to Facebook advertisers are obvious, but Facebook's aware of this and they don't want you to be a not having to pay them to promote your posts and ads and things like that because, you know, they don't want a lot of organic reach to take place. They'd rather make the money for all those impressions.

And two, they just don't want the whole platform to be just engagement bait and pretty spammy and getting people to comment and share and do all these artificial things. So they're absolutely not allowing any engagement bait whatsoever. So things you should absolutely stay away from are things like asking people to comment and asking people to share the ad and even asking them to like it, tag a friend, these sorts of things.

Absolutely stay away from them. Of course, people will still take those actions. And if you wanted to, for example, let's say you had a video and at the end of the video, you said, I'd really appreciate if you shared this video, that would be fine.

But you can't expressly put it in the text and make it conditional. So for example, you only get what we're offering if you take these actions. That's an absolute no, no.

So make sure you stay clear of that. It doesn't mean that you can't run by the way, you know, giveaway ads and things along those lines. I'm just going to bring up a quick example of something that we experimented with last year is that my business, my Facebook ads agency lead guru turned five around this time last year.

And then we gave away a free Facebook ad campaign. So we created a campaign for someone, we also paid for their first months of ad spend. And you can see that the way I got people to enter this was to send us a message to our Facebook page.

And it was sending a message with I'm in is all people had to send. And that's how it works. So I didn't ask them to comment below, I just asked them to send us a message.

We don't have any issues with this ad. And I don't think you would because it's really not violating, you know, the the the rules in terms of it's not asking for engagement, it's asking for a message to our Facebook page. And we ran this as a bit of experiment to see if we could get a load of people on Facebook Messenger and stuff like that.

And it actually worked quite well. And it was good fun doing so you can still run giveaways. But they're far less effective in terms of building an audience, you know, people used to do it, build a very large audience that they could then remarket to four or five years ago, this worked very well.

But yeah, I really strongly recommend don't ask for engagement, avoid engagement bait with your ad account with your Facebook ads, you don't want to get your ad account disabled. As I said, it is a nightmare to go ahead and get that back. And you do that by let me go back here, by making sure you avoid saying anything along these lines, whether you're running a giveaway or any other type of Facebook ad.

Okay, hope that's been useful. Before you go, just want to quickly mention our Facebook advertising services. So if you are creating your own Facebook and Instagram ads, you want professional help, you want to get better results, that's almost certainly something that we can do for you.

So the minimum budget when a company starts working with us is 3000 pounds per month. If you meet that criteria, you're spending that much, or you want to spend more than that, then I'd love to have a conversation with you. So there will be a link in the video description below, all the way at the bottom of the video description.

So scroll down to it, where you can book in a free 30 minute strategy session with me. And we can basically just discuss the details, you know, no obligation, very informal, I can find out more about what it is that you offer, you can find out more about our services, and we can see if we're a good fit to help take your Facebook and Instagram advertising to the next level, and take it off your hands and make sure that you don't get your ad account disabled and make these sorts of mistakes and all that sort of stuff. So yeah, something you're interested in, then I'd love to speak to you.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, please share it, that's always really appreciated. Please comment below to let me know, comment below if you've got any questions. I imagine this is going to raise some some questions amongst you guys saying, well, can I do this?

Can I do that? Happy to field questions pop in the comments below. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel, click the little bell notification when you do, so you are notified when I release new Facebook advertising related content, which I do multiple times per week, and I will talk to you guys soon.

Thanks a lot. Bye.