Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and today's Facebook advertising question is, can I target lookalike audiences and custom audiences in the same ad set? Now yes you can, you can of course create ad sets that target multiple custom and multiple lookalike audiences simultaneously, but it's not something that I would recommend. I would recommend that you create a separate ad set to target custom audiences and separate ad sets to target your lookalike audiences and in fact if you have multiple custom audiences and multiple lookalike audiences that you want to target, break those out to different ad sets.

And the reason why I do that is because you want to be able to differentiate between the different audiences and the results that they produce. So let's say a typical example would be we're targeting a 1% lookalike audience in the UK based on previous customers and we're also retargeting anyone that has visited the website within the last 30 days. So the website visitors being retargeted, that's a custom audience.

The 1% lookalike audience in the UK is obviously a lookalike audience, that's a cold audience. Now you're likely to see much better results from the custom audiences that are being retargeted because those people have already visited your website. But you want to be able to differentiate between the two.

It helps with a lot of things, determining whether you're going to continue to advertise to certain audiences. You may find that it's profitable to retarget, it isn't profitable to target the lookalike. But also it helps with assigning a budget.

So if you bundle them all in together, you don't know how much of your budget is being spent on retargeting warm audiences and how much of your budget is being spent on cold audiences. Now one of the biggest mistakes we see people make with Facebook advertising is that they spend too much money retargeting custom audiences like people that have already visited their website when they should probably be spending not a very high percentage at all of their total Facebook advertising budget. 5%, 10% depending on how large your custom audiences are.

And the rest should be spent on those cold audiences such as lookalike audiences. So in my opinion, keep them separate. That's a question I got in my YouTube channel this morning.

Hopefully that's useful. If it is, please give the video a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. Thanks a lot guys.

Bye bye.