Meta has just started removing Facebook ads targeting options. They did this two years ago and they decided to remove a lot more targeting options. Now, in this video, I'm going to explain what's happening and what it means for Facebook advertisers.

So to explain what's happening, I've got Meta's support doc up about this, where they announce this information. They're giving us some information around what they're actually doing and why they are removing targeting options. Now, this started January 15th, so it's been going on a little bit now.

Like with most things to do with Meta, they've started with a few ad accounts and they're sort of rolling this out slowly. It also looks like they haven't just decided to remove all the targeting options that they want to remove in one go. They've removed a few and they're going to remove more and more over time.

It's often how Meta rolls out new features and things like that to make sure that it doesn't break Facebook advertising when they implement these changes. Okay, but if we have a look at the detail of what they say here, right? So starting January 15th, 2024, we're removing or consolidating some detailed targeting options that relate to topics people may perceive as sensitive.

So what does that mean? Well, we all know that nowadays some people are sensitive about just about everything, right? So this gives Meta a lot of flexibility and a lot of leeway to remove a lot of targeting options.

They did this a couple of years ago. The bar has probably shifted on what people are sensitive about now. They're probably more sensitive than they were then, so more stuff can be removed.

And they've also decided to retire some targeting options that people don't use very much. So that's basically what's happening. We don't exactly know how many targeting options this will be.

It's probably going to be relatively significant for them to have announced it and talking about it and stuff like that. That will come out over the next few months as we see this take place within our ad account. But we do have a pretty good idea of what this is going to look like because this is not the first time that this has happened.

So what you'll see, very interestingly, is the document I just showed you is very, very similar to the one that Meta released when they did the exact same thing two years ago. So here I've got the article up from a couple of years ago when they did the exact same thing. They started removing targeting options.

This was updated. You can see the update over there as it went on. But you can see here, look, starting January 19th, 2022, we will remove detailed targeting options that relate to topics people may perceive as sensitive.

And then they go on to give some more information. So it's literally basically the exact same line. They're just doing it again two years on.

And we found that a lot of targeting options were removed with that change. And a lot of ones where people were thinking, how are people sensitive about that? How is that a problem?

Why has that been removed? And a bit confused about it. And advertisers did lose their targeting options.

Unfortunately, I think the same thing is about to happen now. So I'm going to explain what we need to do this as Facebook advertisers in a minute. Before I do, I want to quickly let you know about my Facebook group.

So I've got a Facebook group called the Facebook Ads Mastermind Group. And it's the largest Facebook group in the world for Facebook advertisers. So if you want better results with Facebook and Instagram ads, I'd strongly recommend you go ahead and join.

It's completely free to do so. I do free live trainings in there. You'd be able to connect with other Facebook advertisers, ask them questions, hopefully save you a lot of trial and error and shortcut your path to success with Facebook Ads.

So there's a link in the description. Go ahead and click on that and go ahead and join your group. And I'll see you in there.

Now, as I said, we don't know exactly what these changes are going to entail. Some ad accounts have had these removed yet. We don't seem to have in our accounts that we're managing.

We know that this is being rolled out. So that's not surprising at this point. But we do know that some advertisers are unfortunately going to lose their targeting options.

And you'll probably have a little bit of leeway where you'll be able to advertise to those targeting options that you were previously using that are being retired for a couple of months. And then those ad sets will become inactive at some point. That's unfortunate.

That's not what advertisers want. But it is in keeping with the trend that we're seeing. And Meta is pushing more and more advertisers towards open targeting, towards broad targeting.

And basically saying, Meta is saying to advertisers, let us handle the targeting options for you. You go ahead and work out all the other stuff, right? So we see with things like advantage plus shopping campaigns, there are no targeting inputs.

With advantage plus audience, there are targeting suggestions as opposed to hard lines and criteria. So that's all moving in that one direction where we're going to be using open targeting and putting more trust in Meta. Now, one potential difference that we're seeing with this change, with these targeting options being removed, as opposed to what happened two years ago, is that Meta is now much better at actually doing that, at actually doing the targeting for us.

They were getting pretty good at it in 2022. In 2024, we're seeing much better results from trusting Meta's AI machine learning process and working out who to target, how often to target them and all that sort of stuff and giving them the biggest possible leeway, the most flexibility to go ahead and do that. And because of that, targeting inputs are just a lot less necessary now than they used to be.

And I've talked about it in previous videos. A lot of my audience has been testing open targeting or things like advantage plus audience where they're suggestions as opposed to hard constraints and seeing better results than the more narrow specific targeting than they were doing previously. Is that the case in all scenarios?

No, we still have ad campaigns where we're targeting specific audiences and there are still advertisers where that's where they see the best results. And this is not ideal for those people at all. And I fully appreciate that.

But I do think in terms, if we look at the overall Facebook and Instagram advertising landscape, is this change going to significantly negatively impact it? No, I don't think it is. And as Meta continues to become better and better and better at handling the targeting for us, I think changes like this are going to be less impactful.

And we may well see Meta decide to remove targeting options, detailed targeting options altogether. It might just be a simple setup, kind of like the audience control section within Advantage Plus Audience. You are able to set certain things like a minimum age criteria, depending on what you advertise.

And you're able to advertise in a specific location. And then otherwise you say to Meta, I'm in this category. I'm in the marketing category.

I'm in the sports apparel category. I'm in the home services category. And then Meta just works out the rest of the targeting for us.

I could see something like that happening. I hope it doesn't, but I could see that happening. And I don't think that by any means means the death of Facebook advertising or anything like that.

I think we can still get great results, Facebook and Instagram ads with Meta handling a lot of this stuff. We can see that because so often we're using open targeting now. And we just need to focus on the other things that we know matter now a lot more than targeting.

Because realistically, targeting is not going to be a place where you are likely to get an advantage over your competition. As long as you're just not targeting an audience that's too small, that would be a big targeting mistake. Your targeting is probably okay.

And it's other areas where you need to out-compete your competitors in order to win, in order to capture that market share and convert those prospects into customers. It's going to be things like your offer, things like the ads themselves, so the creative and the ad copy. And I show you exactly how to create high converting ads quickly and easily in this video here.

Implementing this is one of the best uses of your time as a Facebook advertiser. Go ahead and check it out.