Facebook advertisers get retargeting so wrong. In this video, I'm going to show you my very simple and very effective Facebook ads retargeting strategy. If you want better results from your Facebook ads, this is a quick and easy win.

So to demonstrate this, I'm in an example Facebook ad account. I'm in ads manager, and I'm just gonna create a quick example campaign. For this, I'm gonna create a leads campaign.

Of course, the retargeting that I'm about to describe can apply to other campaign types as well. I'm gonna go ahead and select manual leads campaign, not a tailored campaign. I do that basically all the time, and I'd recommend that you do the same thing, particularly if you're watching my videos and they can guide you along on how to do things well.

Then I'm gonna jump to the ad set level. Not gonna worry about any of the other stuff or any of the settings. This is about retargeting.

So I'm gonna jump down here to the targeting section where we can enter in our custom audiences, where we can retarget. Okay, so I'm gonna do this within Advantage Plus Audience. I'm gonna talk a little bit more about that later on and the advantages of that versus original audience and things along those lines, okay?

So I'm gonna do this here within Advantage Plus Audience. I'm gonna click into this Audience Suggestion option, and that's key. You can note that for later.

But the way we add in our retargeting audiences is via custom audiences. And if you're not familiar on how to create custom audiences, I'm gonna talk about that a little bit later on as well. But basically, what I like to do as a standard default, there are times when we're gonna get more complicated, but a standard default is put all our custom audiences into the one ad set, right?

So let me show you what I'm talking about, what I mean by all our custom audiences. Right, so first thing, I'm going to absolutely make sure that we've got all our website visitors in there and all website visitors over the last 180 days because that's the longest, that's the largest that audience can be. Now, I know there are arguments for shortening that.

I'll explain why I don't do that in a minute. So we're gonna add in all website visitors. Okay, so I'm also gonna add in our email list.

Gonna make sure that's uploaded. Everyone on our email list, previous customers or not, is gonna be added into there. I'm then gonna go ahead and add in anyone who's watched a video of yours on Facebook, Instagram, part of an ad or anything.

Again, that's gonna be 365, the longest range that Meta will allow you to use. I want this audience to be as big as possible. On the video viewers, I'm going to go with Facebook page engager.

So anyone who's engaged with our Facebook page or the ads, via Facebook, anything like that, within the last, again, 365 days, as long as possible. And then we're gonna do the equivalent of the Facebook page engagers for Instagram as well. And that's gonna be like a really good default.

There may be other custom audiences that we look to add in. So for example, if we're running a leads campaign using instant forms, then we'll add in custom audiences for people who have engaged with our lead forms before. What we're trying to do here with these custom audience options is create the largest possible retargeting audience, include everyone that we can possibly include.

Now, I can imagine people watching this would be going, hang on, but surely you should go with small retargeting audiences, like just people that added to cart in the last seven days, or just people that visited our website in the last three days, because aren't those people the most keen? Aren't they the ones that are most likely to buy? Yes, that's true.

But Meta already knows that. So within those audiences, let's say within all website visitors, Meta has the data of someone that visited yesterday, my website versus someone who visited five months ago. And they are going to start by advertising to the person that visited yesterday.

So you're not going to miss out on any of those most keen hyper-responsive prospects. But by including the largest possible retargeting audiences, Meta is also able to identify that someone that didn't visit my website five months ago, who has also been doing various activity online, on Meta, on Facebook, on Instagram, that is now once again related to whatever I have to sell, that they might be a really good prospect again, based on their activity, and we should put an ad in front of them again. And you don't want to miss out on those people either.

So that's why you want the largest possible retargeting audiences as a default. It's also important to include various different types of retargeting audiences, because not everyone is going to be matched. So for example, when you upload an email list, Meta is going to primarily use the email address, but there are other data points as well, and try and match those with people's users, with their profiles on Facebook or Instagram.

The success rate of that matching may be 40%, 50%. It's certainly not going to be 100%. So you might think you're uploading an email list of 10,000 people, but it might only match 4,000 people, because lots of people on the email list have different details on there to what they have associated with their Facebook or Instagram profiles.

Still get it uploaded, but it means that you want these other options, because if they've also visited your website within that time, they're more likely to be grabbed. If they've also engaged with you on Facebook, engaged with you on Instagram, watched a video of yours, then they're more likely to be included in there as well. Likewise, going the other way, these custom audiences, like web services, only goes up to 180 days.

So you might be able to get someone who visited your website a year ago, but hasn't done so recently, in your custom audience by uploading an email list if they're on your email list, assuming they match. So you want as many as possible. We also know there are issues with website visitors not always being trapped, particularly if they're on an iOS device and things along those lines, as we would like them to.

So all of these, the people that are engaged on platform, they're going to be tracked accurately and you want to include them there. Oh, and by the way, if you want more input on how to navigate the big updates that keep coming to Facebook ads and you want to stay ahead of the curve with the most up-to-date strategies, check out the link in the description to find out more about my mentorship program. Now, once you've added in these custom audiences, I'd strongly recommend that you leave these other targeting criteria, age, gender, detail targeting open.

We've got all the data, Meta's got all the data. So we don't want to further constrain where we're asking Meta to target. And again, that's going to vary depending on your setup, which I'll talk more about in a minute.

But I just wanted to quickly mention that, that we're going to leave the rest of the stuff open, including location, which with Advanced Press Audience, you set at the audience control. We might narrow by country, just select the countries that we want to reach. We may just go all over the place if we're just retargeting.

That will depend on your business and who you can serve. But in general, you want to err on the side of more open with your other stuff, including location, if you are adding in custom audiences retargeting. Now, we will use this setup even if we're using advanced retargeting strategies like the Omnipresent Content strategy.

If you're not familiar with that, I'll include a link in the description. It's a great strategy for expertise-based businesses, service providers, anything that's a bit higher value, fantastic for warming up audiences and getting them to convert. And you might think, well, aren't you going to narrow the audiences down there?

No, we're still going to leave the nice and open when it comes to our warm audiences. When it comes to retargeting, we want the largest audience possible for the reasons that I've already mentioned. Okay, now I've set this up as part of Advantage Plus Audience.

Now with Advantage Plus Audience, the targeting criteria are suggestions, including these custom audiences. So the way I've set this up here, Meta has the direction of these custom audiences. Please, we're saying to Meta, please retarget these people.

But if you want to, you can go beyond these audiences and target other people if you think they may well convert. I think most of the time that's fine, which can make this not strictly a retargeting ad set or retargeting campaign. It could also be considered mostly retargeting kind of a cold audience as well.

The lines are very much blurred there. That's sort of up to Meta. They will start with your retargeting audiences for sure, but then look to potentially find other people.

There are scenarios though where you want to offer something different to your warm audiences to your cold audiences. You're like, no, I want to offer a specific 10, 15, 20% discount just to the people that interacted. I don't want to offer that to the cold audiences.

In which case, you're going to have to try and make this targeting much more of a hard boundary criteria. Like, no, I only want to advertise these people. The way you do that is you want to come down and switch to original audiences.

Meta is going to try and convince you not to do that for the reasons that I've already mentioned. But if we switch to original audiences, scroll down, we've got our custom audiences added in here. We want to make sure that we've got advantage custom audience deselected as it is here because otherwise it will say, look, reach people beyond your custom audience when it's likely to improve performance.

So even if you switch to original audience options, you need to make sure that that is deselected, which it is. This will now act as hard constraints. So Meta is only going to put ads in front of people that are actually within these custom audiences, which as I mentioned, particularly if you're offering something specific to your warm audiences and not to others, this may be something you want to do.

If you have particularly large custom audiences and we're running the omnipresent content strategy with our retargeting, then we might look to do this as well because we feel like we've got enough people in there. But most of the time, most advertisers, using it as part of Advantage Plus audience is going to be fine. Now, one thing I don't like to do that I get a lot of questions about is add in exclusions.

So you can see we've got this add exclusions option here. So for example, we can click on this, add exclusions, and we could, for example, look to put in our website purchases. So the way this is now set up is we're saying to Meta, please retarget all the people up here, but exclude anyone that's bought from us and has triggered the purchase conversion event on the website within the last 180 days.

I understand why people want to do that. They think, why would I put my ads in front of people that have already bought? Surely that's a waste of money.

And I don't think it is. Firstly, most businesses have some sort of repeat purchase option or they have additional products or additional services and you absolutely want to make sure you're putting your ads in front of people that have bought before, particularly if you've had a good experience because they're the ones that are most likely to buy again. If you exclude them, you're not putting ads in front of them.

I've had many conversations with business owners where they assume that the person that's bought from them will remember and I think that's just because they're obsessed with their business thinking about it all day long and that's just highly unrealistic. People are going about their day, they're not thinking about your business, you need the reminder, you need to advertise, you need to put it in front of them. Why do you think the massive brands that everyone know about still run ads, right?

Same reason. So I don't think that happens. There is the argument potentially that if you offer something that is just a one-time purchase, why would I do it in that scenario?

I still think it's probably not a good idea to add an exclusion because if it's a one-time purchase but someone had a great experience, putting an ad in front of them is going to remind them of the purchase that they made and it means it's more likely that they will recommend and refer you to friends, family, etc. And that might sound like a bit of a small trivial thing, why would you waste the money for that potentially small advantage? I don't think it is a small advantage.

Remember, if someone recommends or refers something, that's the best form of marketing, right? The person who they're recommending it to is far more likely to purchase them from an ad or anything else. So it's useful.

But also, how many previous purchases have you actually got? If you think about that audience size as a percentage of your overall marketing, your target audience, it's going to be tiny. So only a tiny portion of the budget is really realistically going to be spent on those people unless you're a massive company with hundreds of thousands of customers that are including your targeting.

So the downside to leaving them in from a cost standpoint is minimal and I think there are potential benefits. So I really don't like including exclusions. I was talking to someone the other day that wanted to add in an ad to cart exclusion to have a separate retargeting campaign specifically for ad to carts and I talked him out of it because I said, think about how the meta delivery system works with ads.

Meta may have calculated that someone on average needs to see one of your ads three times in a 24-hour period to get them to purchase. Now imagine, for example, they've shown an ad to that person twice. They've come through to your website, clicked ad to cart and they're planning on putting that third impression in front of them later that day, the next morning whenever they're on Facebook or Instagram but they now can't because that person's excluded.

That would be a nightmare. The meta delivery process relies on planning out multiple impressions. We all know that multiple impressions are very important, more important for some businesses than others and if you add in exclusions it really gets in the way of that and the ad to cart scenario is a perfect example.

So not a fan of adding in exclusions, I'd recommend turning them off. So this is, by the way, how you add an exclusion with the original audience setup. If I go ahead and switch back to advantage plus audience, the way you would add in an exclusion would be in this audience control section because the audience control is all about hard boundaries whereas in the advantage plus audience is all about suggestions.

It works slightly differently and you see here we can exclude these custom audiences in this part here, right? That's just in there. Click into this and then click the more button there and then we add in the website purchases and you'd go ahead and do that there.

Again, not something I would recommend. The only scenario in which we would actively do this would be if we're offering something to new customers that we don't potentially want older customers to know about because perhaps it's a better deal, it's an improved price point, improved offering. I think some previous customers will be annoyed with that.

I think most of the time that's fine. Everyone understands that there's sales. We try and improve our products and services so someone might get a slightly better deal a year on from when they bought.

I don't think that's the end of the world but it's just something to be aware of that can be a factor and that would be the scenario in which we'd probably go, okay, yeah, sure, let's exclude website purchases or something along those lines. Otherwise, I'm basically never going to do it. Now, if you want to know how to create all the various types of custom audiences that I used here and that you should be adding into retargeting campaigns and your retargeting ad sets, I show you exactly how to do that in this video here.

I literally walk you through how to set up email list custom audiences, website custom audiences, meta source custom audiences, the lot. Is it something you want to do a practice 항 for free to just get it done? Let's try A little bit and let's get a link on that one will hit onto the wall.

I'm going ahead and put them on that one I won't one