Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you the new way to optimise Facebook ad campaigns after iOS 14. I've had lots of questions for people saying things like how do I make adjustments to my Facebook ad campaigns? How do I optimise if I don't have accurate data because of iOS 14 in my Facebook ad account?

How do I go about doing that? I'm going to show you exactly how you can still do it very effectively and why it's still very important that you do make adjustments and optimise your Facebook ad campaigns in this video. Before I get into it I want to very quickly ask you to hit that thumbs up button that is much appreciated and really helps me out and of course subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already.

I think it's really important with Facebook advertising constantly changing that you have a source of updated news and information around Facebook advertising if you're running Facebook ad campaigns for your business. Subscribing to my channel can really help you do that because I'm releasing lots of content around all the changes that are taking place to help keep you guys on top of things and on the cutting edge. So make sure you subscribe and make sure you watch future videos as well.

Okay so how do you go about optimising campaigns if you don't have accurate data? In order to explain this I've got a campaign that we ran fairly recently up with a bunch of data in and what I'm going to do is I'm going to talk you through the process of what we used to do then I'm going to go through how it's changed now post iOS 14 and you can obviously implement it in your campaigns. So optimisation of a Facebook ad campaign how you optimise Facebook ads is very very simple.

It's identify the underperforming elements is step one which which things aren't doing as well pause them step two introduce new elements to run alongside your existing previous best performers is step three that's it three steps. Okay so what does that look like? So let's say this is this campaign was run pre pre-iOS 14 what would we be doing here?

Identify the underperforming elements is step one. How do we identify underperforming elements? I want you to base nearly all of your optimisation decisions around cost per result.

That is the single most important thing it's not link clicks it's not CTR it's not the CPM it's not any of the other metrics it's cost per result cost per conversion because that's what determines the success of your business. If you're measuring profitability it's how much did it cost me to sell one of these things versus how much does selling one of these things get me in whether it's a product service whatever. It's all around your cost per result that is by far the most important metric.

I get lots of questions people saying things like I got a 1.3 CTR is this campaign successful? I don't know it's all about what's your cost per conversion in relation to what it needs to be for your campaign to be successful. If you need to generate customers for $30 or less okay a $20 cost per conversion is good a $15 cost per conversion is very good a $10 cost per conversion is fantastic a $40 cost per conversion is not good at all.

So it's all in relation to that. Okay so identify the underperforming elements now ad set five is a warm audience ad set and we're doing this at the ad set level but I'm going to show you how to do it in the ad level as well. So you can see that ad set five has generated 19 website leads for 14p each much much less than the other ad sets.

So that one is going to be put as a bit of an aside. We're going to keep this running no matter what but we're not going to obviously compare the performance of a warm audience ad set against cold audience ad sets because that's just not fair. This is always going to significantly outperform the cold audience ad sets.

So we set that aside. We're assessing these other four because ad set three is turned off. So obviously the two underperformers here are ad set one and ad set two for £2.35 and £2.34.

So we've identified the underperforming elements. We're going to turn these off. And that's step one and step two.

Now if we wanted to further optimize the campaign we might introduce new ad sets. So test new targeting options against these two other cold audience best performers which are ad set four and ad set six. Now you might be thinking why haven't you turned off ad set four because its cost per lead is £2.11 and ad set six's cost per lead is £1.59.

To me that's within an acceptable window. That's what 25% difference. We usually want there to be say a 30% difference or more.

It's getting close to where we would turn off the more expensive one. But if things are close leave them running because more data as they go you're going to get a more clearer picture and you don't want to be too trigger happy and turn something off. Both of these have generated pretty good numbers of conversions.

The other thing to note with this case here that I should quickly mention is that this one's generated significantly more website leads in terms of volume. I don't know the I can't remember exactly but this one's probably got a much larger audience. So if we were to go ahead and turn off ad set four all the cold audience budget would end up being spent on ad set six and we may see the cost per lead here skyrocket.

So if for example ad set four was £2.11 and ad set six was £1.59 but ad set four had you know 20 leads we'd probably turn it off. But given it's produced so much volume we would we would leave it on. So that that's a typical optimization process.

I said we'd add in new ad sets and you can do exactly the same at the ad level right. So you identify underperformance by cost per lead. You take a look at volume but you base nearly all your decisions around the cost per result cost per conversion and you pause identify underperformers pause the underperformers introduce new elements to test against the previous best performers.

However what's kind of gone wrong and what a lot of advertisers confused about is they say okay in a post iOS 14 world I don't have accurate data. I can't trust this cost per result because I don't have the data on all the iOS 14 users. And whilst it's true that the data may not be accurate so let's say for example if this is a campaign that's been run post iOS 14 this £2.11 cost per lead might actually be more like £1.50 cost per lead because you know we're under reporting on leads.

Therefore that would affect the cost per lead the calculation the Facebook makes. Maybe it's £1.50. Maybe this one's more like £1.20 in reality.

Maybe these here are like £1.90 and £1.85 something like that right. And you're thinking well I can't how do I optimise? I don't know the actual realistic cost per result.

And the thing is you don't need to know the actual numbers in order to be able to optimise because remember what the optimisation process is. Identify the underperforming elements. You don't need to know absolute performance which is the absolute number of conversions the absolute cost per conversion that you generate.

You need to know relative performance. Like if I see two people running in a race I don't need to know how fast they went for me to be able to say person A is faster than person B. I just need to see which one crosses the finish line first.

And that's exactly what you can do in your Facebook ad account. You can't see absolute performance anymore unfortunately but you can see relative performance. It's not like all the reporting all the underreporting because of iOS 14 is going to occur in one ad set not the other.

It's going to be fairly uniform. So if ad set 4 is underreporting by 30% because of iOS 14, ad set 6 is probably going to be underperforming by roughly 30% because of iOS 14. So you can still make calls based on relative performance.

You might have to do some calculations. Okay after iOS 14 our ad account underreports by 40% therefore we factor that into all our working out how profitable our campaign is. But you can still do exactly what I just did.

You can still turn off ad set 1 and ad set 2 because we can see that relatively in comparison to these other ad sets these two are underperforming. They aren't producing results that are as good therefore we can go ahead and pause them. And that's going to help improve our Facebook ad campaign performance.

And that is how you optimize campaigns post iOS 14. You are effectively doing the exact same thing as you did before because you can still see relative performance. Obviously with a few tweaks that are mentioned around you're going to have to work out other calculations and things along those lines.

And as I said this is done at the ad set level. You want to do that at the ad set level and the ad level. That's why I talked about optimizing is identifying underperforming elements.

Ad sets and ads. You know you can go down the line on all the various things that you can improve. Identify underperforming elements.

Step 1. Pause those underperforming elements. Step 2.

Introduce new options to compete against the previous best performers. So for example in here we've got ad set 4 and ad set 6. We might introduce ad set 7 and ad set 8 to test against ad set 4 and ad set 6.

Give it a week, two weeks. See which performs best based on cost per result. Pause in the performance.

Rinse and repeat. And by doing that again and again and again. That optimization process you can massively improve the performance of your Facebook ad campaigns.

And that is how you optimize post iOS 14. Fairly simple but all the most effective techniques are always simple. Okay.

Before you go. A couple of things I want to mention. The first is our Facebook advertising services.

So my company Lead Guru is a specialist Facebook and Instagram advertising agency. We create, manage and optimize Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for our clients. And if you want to get better results with your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns.

We can almost certainly help you achieve that. Now we do have a minimum budget requirement of 3k per month. But if you meet that requirement.

We'll be interested in finding out more about our services. Then you can book a call with one of my team members. Just click on the video.

On the link in the video description below. That will take you to a page on our website where you can book a call directly in. With one of my team members.

And no obligation. You can just find out about our services. We can find out more about your business.

See how we might be able to help. All that sort of stuff. And take it off your hands.

And hopefully help you get better results. Other thing I want to mention is my free Facebook ads mastermind group. So there's 125,000 members in my Facebook group.

One of the biggest communities of Facebook advertisers in the world. And I strongly recommend you join. It's completely free.

Link in the video description. It's full of Facebook advertisers. Just like you and me.

Asking questions. Getting them answered. I do live trainings in there.

I'm responding to comments. And putting content in there. A great place to be.

So go ahead. Go ahead and join. We'd love to have you.

And yeah. If you found this video useful. Please give it a thumbs up.

Subscribe to my channel. As I already mentioned. And comment below if you've got any questions.

Comment below if you found this useful. That feedback is always helpful. I see all the comments.

And get to as many as I can. And yeah. Thanks a lot guys.

Bye for now. Thank you.