So after a lot of thinking about it and a lot of testing, I have now changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure and I need to show you what it now looks like. Is that even allowed? I don't know.

That's exactly what I'm going to do in this video. Now, the first thing we need to talk about when it comes to Facebook ad campaign structure is how many ad sets should actually go in your campaign. Now, Meta has had concerns about audience fragmentation.

So having multiple ad sets for a while now, they would rather you consolidated your ad sets down into just one ad set in that campaign. And that is advice that I have ignored for a long time. And my logic for a long time as the reason why I recommended people ignore that advice was because by having different ad sets with different targeting options, not just lumping all your targeting options into one ad set, you could then accurately see this targeting option in this ad set produces a cost per result of X.

This targeting option in this ad set produces a cost per result of Y. Which one is better? X outperforms Y.

Therefore, going forward, we should stop advertising to Y and we should start advertising to X. And that data used to be really valuable. But with the rise of open targeting and even hybrid options like advantage plus audience, having the separate data from the separate targeting options is now a lot less important.

We are doing far less testing on targeting than we used to. And the manual work that advertisers used to do when it came to targeting used to be a lot more important. And because of the reasons I've already mentioned, it is becoming far less important.

OK, so the upside to separate ad sets has decreased. And there are advantages on the other side of it to going with one ad set or fewer ad sets. Firstly, by doing so, you consolidate data.

So let's say you're spending $100 a day and you've got four ad sets. You're spending roughly $25 per ad set per day. Well, if you put all that budget, all that $100 into the one ad set, that ad set is going to learn much faster.

And we know that Facebook's machine learning, AI systems, they need data to be able to do that. And that has a big impact on the results that our campaign generates. They're also going to get out of the learning phase faster.

You're going to see more data as an advertiser faster. And overall, you're going to see better performance. That's one of the big advantages and one of the reasons why Meta doesn't want you to have audience fragmentation and bring things down is to consolidate your budget and get more data in a shorter time period.

Secondly, with open targeting, broad targeting, even things like advantage plus audience, your audiences have massive overlap. So if, say, for example, you're targeting an interest in one ad set and a lookalike audience in another ad set and open targeting another ad set, well, there's enormous amounts of overlap going on there anyway. So having those as sort of distinct audiences as they used to be a number of years ago, that has become less and less and less.

So now it's really gotten to the point where it just doesn't really happen at all, particularly with ad accounts that can't turn off things like detailed targeting, audience expansion, which is becoming more and more common. So you're going to see massive, if not total, audience overlap between the ad sets. And again, that factors into this decision.

By using one ad set in a campaign, you also avoid auction overlap, which is a bit different to audience overlap. Auction overlap is where multiple ad sets are trying to compete in the same auction. You think about trying to put your ads in front of users on Meta.

You are entering an auction where you're competing against other advertisers, etc., etc. Well, if you've got multiple ad sets from the same advertiser entering the same auction, that negatively impacts the delivery of one or both of those ad sets. You're likely to see CPMs rise or simply one of them or both of them spend less budget than you want them to because they're sort of competing and Meta gets a little bit confused, doesn't really know what to do with it.

So adding all that up, that's why I'd now recommend that most advertisers have one ad set in their Facebook ad campaign as opposed to multiple. But it doesn't mean you should only ever have one ad set and one campaign. And there are also times we have multiple ad sets.

Firstly, the way I would typically structure now direct to offer. So if you're directly advertising your products or services, I would go with one cold audience campaign and one warm audience campaign. Each one of those would have one ad set.

The warm audience campaign would have all your warm audiences in there and the cold audience is probably going to use either open targeting or a hybrid targeting option like advantage plus audience. I have other tutorials on targeting that you can check out for more information on those. So I'll include a link in the description below as to what you'd include in there.

But that's what I would have from a typical campaign structure if you are using direct to offer. But there are other strategies that I really like and that I recommend. Things like my omnipresent content strategy.

Again, if you're not familiar with that, I'll include a link in the description. With the omnipresent content strategy, just to very quickly explain, what we're trying to do is put multiple ads in front of people repeatedly over an extended period of time that deliver value, demonstrate expertise, provide client customer testimonials, have call to actions to try and build a relationship and get someone to the point where they're willing to purchase from you and no one else and purchase a higher price and all that sort of good stuff. Now, that campaign type requires multiple ad sets in a campaign.

You might have eight, 10, 12 different ad sets live in that campaign at once. And that's absolutely fine. It's a completely different campaign type.

It's a different strategy. When you set one of those up, Meta's not going to like it. You're going to get all this warning saying audience fragmentation and you shouldn't be doing this.

But we're not trying to do the typical thing with Facebook ads when you use an omnipresent content campaign. We're trying to do something different. And for that, you need a different structure.

So in that scenario, I'd absolutely still have multiple ad sets per campaign. Just want to be very clear about that. Just because of my recommendation for most people when it comes to direct offers change doesn't mean that we change absolutely everything.

And that's a good example. I would also still recommend that you use different campaigns when you're advertising different product ranges. You don't usually want to lump everything that you're advertising into one campaign.

So you've got different product range, different campaigns or different offers you want to test different campaigns. And we would often use different campaigns specifically for testing new ad creative. What a lot of Facebook advertisers experience is that let's say you've got a winning ad and you're running that within your campaign.

You want to test new ad creative. So you add that into the existing campaign and method just doesn't give it any budget. It just keeps using the winning ad from previously.

And you've spent all this time, effort, money creating these new ads and they just don't get any budget. You've no idea whether they are going to perform well, not perform, et cetera. A separate testing campaign could be a good way to do it.

And often in that testing campaign, we might have multiple ad sets that allow us to test more ads faster. Again, that's going to depend on the business and depend on the budget. The larger the budget, we're more likely to do something like that.

But just be aware that there are scenarios like that that differ from the norm to some extent. And we would deviate from this one ad set per campaign recommendation as well. Okay, so that's ad sets.

In a second, I'm going to talk about ads and how many ads you should have in those ad sets. Before I do, I want to quickly mention our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. And if you want my company to create, manage and optimize your Facebook and Instagram campaigns, take that workload off your hand, help you scale, help you get better results.

We can almost certainly do that. If you're interested, there is a link in the description below. You can click on that, come through to a page on the website and just book in a free, no obligation call to find out more, what we charge, how we can help, all that sort of stuff.

So if you're interested, go ahead and do that. And hopefully we get a chance to work together. So when it comes to the number of ads you should have in your ad sets, Meta has made, updated their recommendations around this.

And I've got Meta support up about this. So I'm just going to scroll down to the section where we talk about this, decreasing ads per ad set. That's an interesting title for this section, right?

So you can see what the lines that Meta is looking to take similarly to decreasing the number of ad sets. And they say here, right, use six or fewer creatives per ad set is the updated recommendation. Now, I've not been recommending that most advertisers use more than five anyway.

So it's very much in line with that. I think there's actually some nuance that Meta doesn't give us here that I'd like to add that I think is important. And that's that this six max ads per ad set recommendation is budget specific.

So I wouldn't go over six basically in any scenario. If you've got lots of different ads, say you've got 20 ads that you want to test, just don't do it all at once, right? You test your six and then you keep the best performers and you get rid of the underperformers and then you test the next round and you test the next round.

So you can do it consecutively as opposed to all at the same time. And that's how you're able to test more if you want to test within that ad set that is. But I do think that if you're not, if you're operating with a relatively small budget, you don't want to use the six ad recommendation either.

You want to bring that back down. And again, it comes down to consolidating data, right? Do you want your budget to be split over six ads?

Well, if you're spending thousands a day, absolutely fine. You're going to get lots of conversions. You're going to find out which are better.

The campaign is going to optimize. If you're spending $10 a day, $15 a day, $20 a day, I'd bring that down. It's absolutely fine to operate with two ads, three ads, even one ad sometimes within an ad set.

Just think of the six as a maximum. Now, this recommendation of six creatives max per ad set does not apply to dynamic creative, which is obviously a different ad type. In dynamic creative, you can have up to 10 creative variations, creative options within the one ad.

Plus, you can have multiple text variations and headline variations and things like that. Now, in dynamic creative ad sets, you can only have one ad in there, but you can have the full 10. I just wanted to make that clear that if you're running a dynamic creative ad thinking, oh, can I only have six creatives in it?

No, no, no. You can still use 10. That's fine.

The six creative maximum recommendation is for sort of six separate ads within ad set. So a little bit of a difference there. This recommendation does not apply to advantage plus shopping either because depending on the size of the product range that you are advertising, you might have way more combinations of that simply because you've just got way more products going on.

And that's absolutely fine. Don't think that that applies here and that you therefore need to try and change things and adjust how your advantage plus shopping campaign set up and all that sort of stuff. That's a different thing.

Another thing we do see in this support doc is that if you're testing multiple text variants, this section just here, use multiple text optimization. And what they mean by that is when you create an ad, you'll often see that once you've written your headline, for example, you've got the option to add more headlines beneath it. And Meta saying you're better off doing that's having one ad with the multiple text options that you're testing as opposed to duplicating the ad and creating multiple ads and having sort of one text variation in each one of those.

It's going to allow Meta to test better. Now, of course, in this scenario, that only works if you're going to keep your creative the same and you just want to test like different wordings around your headline or things like that, then this recommendation is good. If you wanted to test a completely different offer, something significantly different, I would recommend that you create separate ads for those.

But if it's a text variation change, wording of a headline, emphasizing one benefit over another, then use the multiple text optimization option. Much the same way, if you want to test multiple ad creative options, but they're all quite similar, Meta recommends using dynamic creative for that. So if you want to test different background colors or different images of your product from different angles or whatever it is, then dynamic creative could work really well for that.

If you're testing something completely different, different offers, things that have a completely different style. We would typically look to break those out into different ads. Exactly the same logic applies there with the text variations.

It just depends how different from the control from the main ad are we going with our testing. If it's small, use dynamic creative or the multiple text optimization. If it's bigger, separate ads.

In this video, I briefly touched on retargeting, but if you want to see my exact retargeting strategy, you can check it out in this video here. In that video, I show you the only retargeting strategy that you need to see great results on Facebook. Go ahead and check it out.