Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I want to quickly tell you about my five-part Facebook ad template, which is something you can download right now for free. Now, if you're looking to get better results from Facebook and you're thinking about your ads in particular, you're thinking what copy variations can I use, what should I put in headline, what should I put in the image, should I use video, this is the document that you need. So in this document, we've included six ads that we've created for our clients from many different industries, I'll show you in a second, many different businesses, different formats, we've got video, carousel in here, and we've sort of broken each ad down into its component parts and explained what we've included in each part and why.

Obviously, we've hidden some of our sensitive clients information so you can't identify the companies and change the ads where we've had to, but these are all ads we've created for our clients that performed very well, so they are tried and tested. As I said, you can model from these ads, something you should really find very, very useful. Now, this is a document that we created three years ago, but over the last few weeks we've been really improving it, updating it, and it's now much, much better.

I really recommend that you go ahead and grab it. As I said, you can download it for free. So let's just have a quick look.

I'll show you the sort of thing that I'm talking about. So the first example we've got here is an interior designer. So in here, we've got this interior design company we've advertised them with for years.

They offer free interior design consultations and this is the ad we created for them that worked really well. So obviously, we've got a fantastic image in there. Copy, you can see, look here, we've got one, two, three, four, five of the various component parts and then we've broken down, explained, look, this is what we've included in the copy.

This is why it worked well. This is the image, why it worked well. Three, headline, four, newsfeed, link description, and five, the call to action.

If I go past that, there's a gym, fitness studio is the other one in there. Here's an online bakery ad that looks absolutely fantastic. Again, very different component parts depending on what type of business.

So you'll see that this ad is set up completely differently. The tone of the copy, the headline, what we're trying to do is very different to the interior design ad and that's why we thought it'd be very useful to create this with different industries in mind. We've got an online shoe company, online shoe retailer, where we've used a carousel ad down here.

Fantastic looking images, really high performing carousel ad, getting people to take action. Then we've got a couple of sort of digital businesses. So one is a video ad of mine that's used to advertise this Facebook ad template.

Beneath that we've got an app, which is a company that, very similar to a company that we worked with that offers remote services, an ad that worked really well for them to get people to install the app. So I think you'll find this really useful if you're looking to get better results on Facebook. As I said, you can download it right now for free.

All you've got to do is click on the link in the video description. That'll take you to a page on website and you will be able to download it there. So if you do find this useful, I'd really appreciate if you could leave a comment on this video.

Just say that you've got it, found it useful, what you liked about it, that sort of stuff. If you've got questions about it, again, pop them in the comments, I'll get to them. If you enjoyed this, then subscribe to my channel, give it a thumbs up, and I'll talk to you soon.

Thanks a lot guys. Bye bye.