Most Facebook advertisers have heard that video ads is the only way to succeed with Facebook ads. You have to be using the video Facebook ad format to see great results. But is that really true?

And if it isn't true, which ad format actually produces the best results when it comes to Facebook and Instagram ads? To find out, I polled my audience on YouTube. Now, my audience is full of people that are into my videos, which are Facebook and Instagram advertising related.

So a very good audience. We had over 1,200 responses and here are the results. So the first thing I need to highlight about this before I get into the specific results is the fact that I mentioned both Facebook and Instagram in the question.

So I said which Facebook slash Instagram ad format performs best for you. That's very important because there are some differences between the platforms. I wanted to make sure that your attention was drawn to that.

Now, let's get into the data. So the options that I gave were video, image, slideshow, carousel and other. There are a few other options you can play around with depending on the type of campaign you're creating, for example, what it is that you're actually advertising.

But you've got those four main categories in video, image, slideshow and carousel. Now, what we can obviously see is that the most popular, the ad format that produces the best results for the most people is video. So that's probably unsurprising to most people.

They've always been told it's video, video, video, video. But what is really interesting is that it's only the best performing option 53% of the time. Almost half the people that are responding to this poll are not seeing their best results from the video ad format with their Facebook and Instagram ads.

And that destroys the myth that video always works best. Here we can see that 47% of the time, almost half, that's not the case. So what does this data tell us?

We've got video at 53%, image at 31%. As an absolute minimum, you need to test a series of videos and you need to test a series of images because there's a very good chance that one of those two ad formats, but you can't necessarily predict which one ahead of time, is going to produce the best results for you. If you've just been doing video, absolutely you want to test image.

If you've just been using images, absolutely you want to test videos. Now, of course, there are some other Facebook ad formats here. Carousel comes in with 9%.

So almost one in 10 times, Carousel produces the best results for the people that follow me and they're running Facebook and Instagram ads. So it would absolutely be a good idea, something I would recommend, to test Carousel. Maybe not the first thing you want to test with your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns because it's less likely to be your best performing option, but definitely something to add into your optimization calendar and sort of circle a time when you go, and that's when we're going to test Carousel because it may well work for us.

Now, when it comes to the best Facebook ad format, the truth is it's going to be dependent on what it is that you offer. You need to match the right ad format to the types of products and services that you sell. And I've talked a lot on my channel about that.

There's lots of people advocating for a one-size-fits-all, this-always-works-the-best approach, and that's just not true. It's not true with ad formats. It's not true with targeting.

And we can see that from this data. Some businesses are going to see great results with video. Others are going to see great results with image.

And there's other businesses that see great results with other options as well. So to help direct you and give you an indication of what type of ad you should be focusing on depending on your specific products or services. There are rules of thumb that you can use.

If you've got this type of product, you want to use this format. If you've got this type of service, you want to use this format. I'll explain that in a second.

Before I do, I want to quickly let you know about our done-for-you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. So my company can create, manage, and optimize campaigns for you. If you're interested in finding out more, there is a link in the video description below.

Click on that. You can book a call with one of my team members, and we can explain more about the service and how we can take the work off your hands and help you get better results. So go ahead and book a call.

Hopefully, you'll get a chance to work together. So how does our data as a Facebook and Instagram advertising agency differ from what my audience has put forward here? Because there are some differences between what we see running hundreds of campaigns for our clients and what's shown here.

They're not huge, but there are some differences. Firstly, I want to highlight Slideshow. So only 2% of people said that Slideshow was their best-performing ad format.

That would be much higher for us. We'd probably be in the 15%, maybe even as high as 20% range. We use Slideshow ads a lot, particularly for e-commerce businesses wanting to advertise a number of different products, that sort of thing.

Now, of course, there is a sort of grey line. When does a video become a Slideshow and vice versa? So I imagine that there are a lot of people that said video was their best-performing ad format, when the videos they're using are quite Slideshow formatted.

Originally, when Meta first made Slideshows available as a sort of ad format to create within your ad account, they were called Slideshows, and that was sort of made quite clear that it was separate in the language within your Facebook ad account. Now they're very much referred to as video, including in video. So perhaps that's kind of what's going on there.

I imagine that if I talk to the people that respond to this poll in more detail, you'd find that some of those people that responded video as their best Facebook ad format would probably be better categorized as Slideshow. That might account for some of the discrepancy between our numbers and what we see in this data here. We would also see less of a gap between video and image.

So here we've got a 22% difference between video and image. I'd say video is still going to be our most popular ad format, but it would probably be a 10% gap. So if you put some of all of the percentages into Slideshow and then reduce video somewhat, that's probably getting closer to what we see as a Facebook ads agency.

But again, this data here is pretty close to what we see, and I'm pretty confident that this could be extrapolated out to Facebook and Instagram advertising in general. Now, as I mentioned, there are ways in which you can work out which Facebook ad format is likely to deliver the best results for your business, depending on the products and services that you offer. And in general, we like to match the size of the ask with the complexity of the offer.

So if you think about these four main categories of Facebook ad format in a sort of complexity continuum, so right at the most simple, we've got image. Then we get into Carousel, which is basically multiple images with some more information. Then we get into Slideshow, which has more going on.

Animation can be longer. And then we get into video. So we've got those four sort of in a complexity continuum, image being the most simple, video being the most complex.

If we're asking for something that's quite a big ask, either requires a relatively big commitment in terms of time from your prospect or money, we want to go with video. So let's say you're a service-based business and you're advertising your services, and the first step is for them to come to your place of business and have a meeting with you, even if it's free, to find out more about whatever that's going on. Well, that's quite a big ask.

People have got to book time out of their calendar. They've got to travel to you. They've got to do all this.

So we're much more likely to want to use video in that scenario. And the reason why is because we need the extra information we can provide in the video format to sell that action. If someone's going to take a big action, we're making a big ask of our prospects, we need to tell them why.

We need to sell it. We need to say, yes, you're coming in, but you'll find out all this information. It's really beneficial.

And here's why you should do it. And here's why you should do it. Here's why you should do it.

OK, that's why we need the more complex ad formats, because you could put in more information. And if you think about how those ad formats go in image, you've got not that much information. Carousel, you've got more, but still not tons.

Slideshow, you've got more still and video. You can put in loads if you want to, particularly with longer format videos. Now, if we're offering something that's really simple, let's say it's an impulse purchase e-commerce product that's relatively inexpensive.

People can just click on a few buttons, get it ordered. It's not going to cost them a lot. We probably want to go with a really simple ad format like image.

And then, of course, if you think about those two offers being at either end of the spectrum, then you've got the options in the middle. And you can think about where your offer fits in that. You know, a free Zoom call, for example, is easier than a physical meeting, particularly if the prospect has to travel.

So you can knock it down and move these things around and have a think about how this works. Now, the reason why you want to keep things really simple when you're advertising, say, an impulse purchase or even piece of content that you just want people to click through and consume, like a blog post or a video or something like that. You want to keep it really simple with an image ad.

That's often the best format. It's because when you use the more complex ad formats, things like slideshows and videos, most people won't bother to stick around to consume that ad. They will see it's a video and they'll just scroll past it or whatever within the first, second or maybe even less.

You're going to have a big drop off. Now, if it's something that you don't need all that information for, you don't need to provide all these reasons because they can just take a glance at it and know whether that's something they'd be interested in or not. You don't want all that drop off because you're going to end up with a small percentage of people interacting with your ad and going on to take that action.

Whereas, as we've already said, with the more complex offers, you need all that. So even though, yes, you're still going to have lots of drop off when you have a complex ad format, but because you're asking for quite a lot, a little image isn't going to get the job done. So that's really the logic as to why that works.

With that said, it's absolutely a good idea to test. So even if you think, well, my offer is relatively complex, you know, we've got a relatively expensive product or service or the first step in the sales funnel is asking for quite a big thing for the person to commit to. You still want to test image because you never know.

Different industries operate differently. Perhaps you've got an image that can convey the information very cleverly, which case that might be a good option to go. And likewise, we see lots of e-commerce businesses with, say, impulse purchase type products or even advertising pieces of content used successfully with single image ads, maybe carousel, things like that.

But every now and then we will test a video because you may be able to find a video that is so engaging that keeps people watching it. You don't have too much of that drop off I was talking about and it can outperform. So those are some of the guidelines that you can follow and hopefully that can help direct your efforts.

If you're at the more complex end, start with video. If you're more at the simple end, start with image. But at some point, make sure you go ahead and test those other Facebook ad formats.

You may well find a winner that wasn't what you originally expected it to be. And that could be absolutely huge for your Facebook and Instagram advertising success because you have to think about how this works. A 20% improvement in your return on ad spend might allow you to spend 10 times as much profitably, which is a really big deal.

As you can see from the data in this poll, video ads do not always produce the best results when it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising. That's a Facebook ads myth that has been around for ages. There are tons more.

And it's likely that you've heard some of these myths that you're implementing actions within your campaigns based on bad information. So I strongly recommend you check out this video where I go through 50 Facebook ad myths, explain why they aren't true and what you should be doing instead. Well worth a quick watch.