Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru, and in this video, I'm gonna talk about the ideal Facebook ads audience size. How big should your target audiences be when you run a Facebook ad campaign? Now, this is a question I get asked all the time, and people always wanna know, I think they create a campaign, they get to the ad set level, they start entering in targeting options, and they see this audience definition come up over here, and they see, is that audience too big, is it too small, et cetera, et cetera.

So I'm gonna answer that and a few other size, audience size related questions in this video, and it is something that you need to get right. You know, if you choose the wrong audience size, you can really mess up your Facebook ad campaigns. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna split the way I approach audience size, the way I'm going to explain this, into sort of two categories.

So there's the national and international advertisers in one category, so businesses that are marketing their products and services to really large markets, and then there's the local businesses, the local advertisers in another category, because you need to do different things depending on which of those two criteria you meet. So let's start with the national and international businesses. In general, if I had to come up with a rule, I would say that I don't like to advertise to audiences that are smaller than 250,000 people.

Now that's quite a bit larger than what people used to recommend on the lower end, but really I don't want to go below 250,000 people. So if you're adding in interest targeting options and things like that, that give you an audience size of 100,000, 150,000, I'd probably park those for now and look to focus on broader interest targeting options. So that's on the low end.

On the higher end, I would say in general, and there are times when we break this, I don't want to be advertising to more than 5% of the population within the country or countries that I'm targeting. So in the UK, there are 45 million Facebook users. Therefore, I wouldn't usually like to target an audience that is larger than let's say 2.25 million, two and a half million, something like that.

In the US, there are about 250,000 Facebook users. So I don't want to be targeting an audience that is larger than 12 and a half million users. As I said, there are times when we will break that and I've created videos around open targeting, things like that.

But in general, if I have to give you some guidelines, it would be that 250,000 on the small end, and then a maximum of 5% of the number of Facebook users in your target countries. And what you see is that's a massive range. I mean, if we take the US, for example, we've got 250,000 on the lower end, all the way up to 12.5 million.

That's an enormous range. And the reason why it's an enormous range is because audience size as a predictor of success, it doesn't really add up. So there's no like, oh, it needs to be 1.5 million.

If you get your audience size of 1.5 million, your campaign will work. No, that's not true at all. There's loads of elements to a Facebook ad campaign you need to get right for it to work.

But you can get audience size wrong and it will mess up your campaigns. So provided you're within those sorts of windows, you should be absolutely fine. But what I absolutely don't want you guys to do is target an audience that is too small.

Facebook ad campaigns struggle big time with audiences that are too small. You're much better to have an audience size that is too large. And I have no issues whatsoever with advertising to an audience.

You know, let's say I'm running an ad campaign like we do for loads of clients. That's in, we're targeting the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, UK, you know, the classic sort of big English speaking countries. And we might be targeting an audience that has 15 million people in it or 12 million people in it.

I'm not worried about that. That is not too big. Not when you add in all the populations in all those countries.

Okay. And that's changed. So five years ago, people used to want much more specific target audiences.

But I think as Facebook has gotten much more sophisticated as an ad platform, Facebook is now much better at working out who within your audience is most likely to take a specific action. Because Facebook just have so much data. They have an unbelievable amount of data on who buys, you know, jewellery via Facebook and Instagram ads.

What sort of person becomes a lead for a phishing guide? You know, they know all this sort of data because billions is being spent on the platform every year. So you can give Facebook a lot more leeway now.

You can advertise to 1.5 million and Facebook might work out the 100,000 people in that group that are actually your perfect ideal prospects and who you should be advertising to. And they will put your ads in front of those people. If you give Facebook a much smaller audience, you give them less leeway.

They have less of an ability to find those people and you might miss out quite easily. And yeah, so in general, I like to trust Facebook. I like to give them a larger audience.

And what you can see in front of us, actually, I brought this up, is an example Facebook ad campaign in one of our Facebook ad accounts. You can see in this ad set, we're targeting people in the UK that are 25 plus and are small business owners, which is a very broad targeting. That comes out of 840,000 people.

There are definitely Facebook advertising experts that five years ago would have told you that is too big for a market like the UK. That's not the case anymore. So you can see Facebook up here is saying that this is on the broad side.

Doesn't bother me in the slightest. As I said, I don't worry about audiences being too large. And that's something to quickly mention on the audience definition, by the way, is that I don't really pay much attention to that.

I'm gonna take a look at the potential reach and just put that into what I know about Facebook advertising. If this tells me it's too broad, et cetera, this is so unreliable. And so often the potential reach will be unavailable that you can't rely on it.

Okay. So that's on the national and international side of things, right? You're talking 250,000 on the small end, all the way up to 5% of the population of Facebook users in those countries that you're advertising in.

Local businesses, you need to do things a little bit differently because the potential target audience is usually much, much smaller. Now, the degree to which you need to shift away from the national, international way of doing things depends on, again, your audience, your potential audience size. So if you're advertising in a big city like London or New York or something like that with, you know, probably 10 million plus people, right?

You can probably get away with doing things a bit more like a national or international business. But if you're advertising to a city with 300,000 people in it, you need to do things very, very differently. Okay, so what are we going to do with local businesses?

In an ideal world, I would still like to have a minimum audience size of 250,000 people. But I am aware and I appreciate that's not always possible, particularly if you only have 150,000 people in the town that you're advertising in, for example. If your total potential reach of just no targeting options whatsoever is less than 250,000, then that's what you should go with.

Don't add in any targeting options, leave it completely open. Any targeting options you add will make your audience too small. So that's the first thing.

Second thing is that if you're targeting a lookalike audience, instead of going with a 1% or 2%, like we will often do for national or international advertisers, we will make that lookalike audience as large as possible, all the way up to a 10%. Again, that does depend on the area that we're advertising in. You know, if you're advertising to, I don't know, the whole of London and there's 8.5 million people in, well, a 10% lookalike audience is going to produce 850,000 in that audience, you might be able to get away with a 6% or something smaller.

So just run it through a sense filter here. But so two things we're going to do, get rid of all targeting options if the target audience locally is really small. We're going to increase the percentage size of lookalikes big time.

And we're going to stick to the larger interest targeting options. So for example, this small business owners has produced 840,000 people when we're looking at the whole of the UK. If I advertise to a local area, I can't use small business owners.

It's going to make it too small. Okay, because 840,000 out of, that's roughly 2% of Facebook users, right? So if I'm only advertising to a city with 300,000 people in it and I use the same targeting options, I'm only going to get 2% of the people within that area.

2% of 300,000 is 6,000 people. Way too small to advertise to. Way too small.

Okay, so in general, when you're advertising nationally, internationally or locally, I'm really concerned with an audience being too small. Ideally, it's going to be 250,000. Some local businesses, that's not always possible.

And if you are a local business and there's only 75,000 people in your area, don't artificially inflate your area to advertise to other people. That's a waste of money. Just go with the 75,000 people and be aware that you're going to need to refresh ad creative more often and do certain things.

I've got videos talking about ad fatigue. I'll include a link in the description about that in case you meet that criteria. The other thing I'll mention is that I've sort of split internationally and internationally versus local, but you have to be aware that it's all to do with potential audience size.

So if you operate in a really small European country that has a population of, I don't know, 6 million people or something, I'm sure there are some that do. In Norway, for example, I think there's 5 million people in Norway or something like that. Okay, or Ireland.

There's 4.5 million people in Ireland, I think. You have to operate more like a local business, even though you are operating, let's say, nationally, and that's just because of audience size. Okay, so that's the criteria here.

But as I said, don't get hung up on audience size. Make sure it's, if you have, nationally, internationally, if you can get between 250,000 and in the US, 12.5 million, a huge window, you should be absolutely fine. That's not going to be a determinant of success.

Just don't get it wrong. Instead, you then want to focus on other things like spending some time in Facebook's audience insights to find really good targeting options and creating lookalike audiences based off of previous customers because that is a targeting option that performs really, really well. I'll include links to tutorials that show you how to do both those things in the video description.

Okay, so hopefully that's been useful. Before you go, I want to quickly mention our Facebook advertising services. So if you find yourself that you're worried about Facebook audience size or any other form of Facebook and Instagram advertising, we can take that off your hands for you.

We can fully create, manage, and optimise your Facebook ad campaigns. We're a specialist Facebook ads agency. We have a track record of producing fantastic results, most likely without trying to be arrogant.

Much better results than you'd be able to produce yourself. So if you're spending more than $3,000 a month on Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns or you'd like to get to that budget level, that's the minimum starting point to work with us. I'd love to have a chat with you.

You can book a free call with me, free 30-minute call. Just click on the link in the video description below. That'll be right at the bottom.

Book a free 30-minute strategy session and we can discuss our services. I can find a bit more about your business, see if we'd be able to help you. Completely informal, we can just get to know some more info.

But hopefully I have a chat with you and maybe even we work with each other going forward. Either way, I want to wish you the best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns, guys, and your targeting options. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like.

Please comment below to let me know. Comment below if you've got any questions. Happy to field questions.

Subscribe to my channel for more Facebook advertising-related content and I'll talk to you soon. Thanks, guys. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye.