Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about the ideal Facebook ad campaign structure. Now I get a lot of questions from people who are asking things like, how many campaigns, how many ad sets, how many ads should I be running when I'm advertising on Facebook. So I thought I'd create a quick video that sort of explains how I set up my campaigns when I create them for my own business and how we do it as an agency, obviously advertising our clients, products and services.

So for this ideal Facebook ad campaign structure, I'm going to assume that you're using the direct to offer strategy. What I mean by that is you are directly advertising your products and services. A lot of people are under the misunderstanding that you cannot successfully advertise on Facebook directly advertising products and services.

That's complete nonsense. We do it all the time as an agency, it works tremendously well for lots of different businesses. There are other strategies that we use but that is one that we use all the time.

And what I mean by that is when I say directly advertising products and services, let's say you're an e-commerce company. It's using a convergence campaign that directly sends people from Facebook to your website to buy. If you're a service based business, instead of sending them to your website to buy, it could be sending them to your website to sign up for a free consultation or something along those lines.

So assuming you're using the direct to offer strategy, which is what I'd recommend a lot of people do, particularly when they're getting started. Here's how I would structure your Facebook ad campaign. So I'd have one campaign.

Where possible, I prefer to operate with one, just one campaign, not have multiple campaigns. I think it's a lot easier for optimising your campaigns and making adjustments going forward. Then within that, actually I'll just mention one more thing about the campaign level.

You want to turn on campaign budget optimisation. You don't want to leave that turned off. You want to turn that on if that is an option for you.

And what that will do is it will allow Facebook to optimise your budget across the different ad sets that I'm about to explain. And that's good because of course you want basically to tell Facebook, you know, work out out of these five ad sets I've created, work out which ones are going to produce the best results and put more budget behind those. It's going to give you a boost in performance in your Facebook ad campaigns.

So you've got the campaign budget optimisation turned on. Then within that one campaign, we're going to go for three to five ad sets. Now these three to five ad sets are all going to be targeting different groups of people.

One of those ad sets is going to be dedicated to warm audience targeting options. And what that means for your business specifically will depend on the warm audience targeting options that your business has. So if you've got, let's say for example, previous customers on a list and you're advertising something new, great, you could add that to your warm audience ad set.

If you've got an email list or website visitors, you could add those into your warm audience ad set. So what that means for you will depend on, you know, what digital assets you have, email lists, website visitors, etc. But we'd have one warm audience ad set.

The second thing we will look to do with the other ad sets is target at least one look-alike audience. So in an ideal world, that would be a look-alike audience based off of previous customers that have already bought the product or service that you're advertising. That audience performs phenomenally well.

And I'll include a link in the video description to a video that shows you exactly how to create look-alike audience based off previous customers. If you know, if you're watching this and thinking how on earth do you do that, don't worry, follow that tutorial. It shows you step by step exactly how to do it.

So we're going to have our warm audience ad set and at least one look-alike. If we've got multiple sources for look-alikes, so let's say we've got a previous customer list and we've got an email list, we might have one ad set targeting a 1% look-alike audience based off previous customers. And then we might have another ad set targeting a 1% look-alike audience based off of our email list.

So one or two look-alike audience ad sets. Then on top of that, we're going to have, again, one or two cold audience targeting options. So we're going to use Facebook's audience insights tool to find interest, behavioural, demographic targeting options that we think will perform very, very well.

And we're going to add those into our campaign. And again, if you don't know how to use Facebook's audience insights tool, I'll include a link in the video description. Go through that tutorial and you'll find these targeting options I talked about.

So that's our three to five ad sets. One warm audience, one to two look-alikes, and then one to two cold audience targeting options. Within that, we're going to create three or four different ads.

Now it's going to be the same three or four different ads in every ad set. Because at the beginning, we want to be testing which ad set performs best. And if you have different ads in some, you don't know whether it's the targeting options that produce great results or whether it's the ads themselves that produce great results.

So three to four different ads. Ideally, we would have some different ad formats in there. So we might have a carousel, an image, a video.

Because again, we want to know which performs best for this offer. Is it a video? Is it an image?

Is it a carousel? Et cetera, et cetera. So ideally, we'd have that.

If that's not possible, and it often isn't, let's say you don't have video ad sets and things like that, that's fine. Then we'd go with, let's say, three or four different images. Okay?

Because we want to test that going forward. And you can see that with that structure, one campaign, three to five ad sets, three or four ads in each ad set, the same ads in all three to five ad sets, if that makes sense. That sets us up really well and will allow us to test easily going forward.

Again, I'll include a link in the video description to a video I created all about how you go about optimising campaigns and adjusting them going forward. But that makes it very easy to test. We can very quickly see, aha, this audience, this lookalike performed really well, this interest-based targeting option didn't.

This video ad performed very well, this carousel didn't. And you can pause the underperformers and reallocate budget. Okay?

So that's how I would structure a Facebook ad campaign. That's how we do it all the time. A little bit very simple with your direct-to-offer strategies.

And for me, that is the ideal Facebook ad campaign structure. Now, just before you go, something I want to quickly mention, which is my Facebook ads mastermind group. It's my free Facebook group.

Anyone can join. It's got 10,000 members in it. It's a fantastic community full of people that are trying to get better results on Facebook advertising.

There's lots of experts in there like myself, agency owners and things like that. So you can join, you can ask questions, you can post ads for review, all that sort of stuff. If you want better results on Facebook, I would strongly recommend you get involved.

There will be another link in the video description. Go ahead and join and I'll look forward to seeing you in there. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, comment below to let me know and of course if you've got any questions.

And don't forget to subscribe for more Facebook advertising related content. Thanks guys. Bye bye.

Bye bye.