Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about the one Facebook Ads custom audience that just about every Facebook advertiser should be using at least somewhere in their Facebook advertising mix across their Facebook ad campaigns that they are running. Before we get into that, I just want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button on this video and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you haven't done so already. So I'm in an example Facebook ad account here and I've gone into the audiences section.

This is where you create custom audiences. If you're not familiar with how to create custom audiences and things like that, I'll include a link in the video description below to another video that goes through that in a lot of detail. But basically just quickly, once you're an ads manager, if you just click on these nine little dots and then go into audiences, it's in the my shortcuts because I use it a lot, but if not it'll be down here in advertise.

And you'll come through to something that looks like this. Now this is an example ad account, right? So we've got all sorts of different custom audiences and things along those lines in here, but I'm going to show you how to create the one that I think everyone should be using or just about everyone should be using in their Facebook ad campaign.

So don't worry about all this sort of stuff. Just to very, very quickly recap what a custom audience is. A custom audience is a group of people that have already interacted with your business.

And you can have off Facebook custom audiences, things like an email list, customer list, website visitors, and you can have on Facebook custom audiences, things like video viewers, people who've interacted with your Facebook page, people who've interacted with your Instagram profile, those sorts of things. So it's people who've already interacted with you somewhere on Facebook or off Facebook before. And results from custom audiences tend to be much better than results from cold audiences.

Custom audiences are always warm audiences. I see a lot of people getting this terminology wrong. Custom audiences are always warm audiences.

Lookalike audiences are cold audiences. They're not warm audiences and they're not custom audiences. Just wanted to sort of clarify some of the terminology there because I see it.

But a custom audience is a warm audience and results almost certainly better with that than they are with cold audiences because the people have interacted with you before. Someone who's visited your website or joined your email list is a much better prospect than someone who doesn't know your company from any other. Okay?

So with that explained, what custom audience do I recommend everyone be using? So let's go create audience and custom audience. I think this is going to surprise a lot of people.

I believe I clicked on that. Yeah, in fact, right. So the next step is to go into website.

And then we're going to keep this super, super, super simple. And you can see the default is all website visitors, 30 days, which sounds great. And I want to put in default 180 days.

And that is the custom audience that the vast majority of Facebook, nearly all Facebook advertisers should be using. The reason why I say nearly all instead of absolutely all is because if you're just running lead gen campaigns, you don't have a website, or you're running an app install campaign, you don't have a website, well, then obviously you can't do this. But if you do have a website, you want to create a custom audience out of all website visitors in the past 180 days is the longest time period that Facebook will allow you to go back to.

Otherwise, I would keep going back if they allow me to do two years, I would. And I think that's going to surprise a lot of people. Facebook's default is 30 days, a lot of people, when they're creating custom audiences, and they're looking to retarget, they often go with all website visitors in the last 30 days, 14 days, seven days, because they think, well, people who've visited my website in the last 14 days are really warm, they're really likely to buy my product or service, I really want to make sure I put my ads in front of them and take advantage of their enthusiasm and their excitement about my product or service whilst it's fresh.

And I can understand the logic there. But my counter to that is Facebook is smarter than that. Okay.

By creating a all website visitor custom audience the last 180 days, Facebook knows who visited four days ago, who visited a week ago, who's visited three times in the last month. So Facebook is going to start by advertising to those people first, and they're absolutely going to put the majority of any budget you attribute to this marketing, and they're going to start by advertising. And they're going to start by advertising.

And they're going to start by advertising to those people who are most keen, most enthusiastic, as opposed to the people who visited 179 days ago and haven't visited since. Facebook knows how to navigate those waters. So you don't need to artificially do it.

They also know, and this is another option I hear people talk about, well, I didn't want to advertise my whole, all website visitors. Instead, I just wanted to advertise people who've added to cart. Okay.

Again, provided you have your Facebook pixel set up, this tracking ad to carts, Facebook knows who added to cart three days ago, who added to cart yesterday. And those people are going to get ads again and again and again in a short time period, as opposed to someone that just visited, you know, three months ago. So you're not missing out on those people by setting it up this way.

Now, if you wanted another ad set that was targeting people who have added to cart specifically with a particular offer and maybe some customised ad creative for those people, that's fine. Okay. That's not a problem.

But you also really want to be including this custom audience. So as I said, you're not missing out on those people that you might be worried you're missing out on. That's not true.

And the advantage of setting up this way is Facebook would also be able to work out those people in this audience that perhaps visited a hundred days ago, 120 days ago, and they haven't visited your website again, but maybe you sell, I don't know, trying to think of an example, landscaping services. There we go. Maybe you sell landscaping services.

And someone visited your website three or four months ago. They were thinking about getting someone to, you know, help improve their garden or something like that. Never got around to doing it.

Then something else comes up, perhaps it's changed the year, three or four months later, they're thinking about it again. And they're, they've completely forgotten about your business. They've forgotten about the company name, all that sort of stuff.

But they're searching online for landscape, landscapers. And they're visiting other websites in perhaps in the local area, and with a service like that, that is to do with landscaping and landscaping services, things like that. Now, Facebook will be able to pick that up.

They'll be able to see, aha, this prospect, you know, that's reactivated in a niche of landscapers. This person is showing an active interest based on all the data we're tracking and the information we're providing about what they're doing online, etc, etc, etc. And Facebook will know to put your ads in front of that person, because they're a good prospect for you right now.

Even though they haven't visited your website in the last 30 days, they visited potentially far longer ago than that. But they're someone you absolutely want your ads to be in front of. Because if you put your ads in front of them, perhaps that'll remind them they've forgotten about you.

But they go, Oh, yeah, there was that business click through, go ahead and have a look. They were good prospects. So by giving Facebook more flexibility to fund those sorts of people, you're likely to get better results by going with a much broader warm audience, which is all website visitors in 180 days, than making it super specific and just going to people who added a card or just going to be with visited certain pages in your website, or just going to people that visited in the last, you know, seven days, for example.

Okay. Now, is this custom audience going to get you the best results? Possibly, it depends on your business.

Sometimes businesses that have a lot of repeat purchases, or potentially have lots of complementary products, so someone buys one thing from you, they might be interested in other stuff you offer. Your best performing custom audience is probably in that case going to be your customer list. If not a customer list, perhaps you've got an email list, and that'll be a great audience to retarget that'll perform better than all website visitors.

So I'm not saying you have to be using this necessarily because it's going to produce the best results for you. But not all businesses have customer lists, not all businesses have email lists. Just about every business advertising on Facebook will have a website, and therefore should be taking advantage of this custom audience, and should have that somewhere in their Facebook advertising mix.

If you follow my campaign structure that I really like, I'll include a link to another video in the description below that shows you exactly how I like structured campaigns where I have CBO campaign, one warm audience ad set. This all website visitors custom audience will absolutely be in that warm audience ad set for basically all our clients. Of course there are some exceptions, like I mentioned, if you're running an app campaign, perhaps you don't want people who visited certain pages on your website to see ads for other products because they're completely unrelated.

So there are exceptions, but the vast majority of Facebook advertisers should be using this. So go ahead and implement that and I think you'll see better results, particularly if you're using like an all website that's just seven days or something. Make it 180 and I think you'll see a nice boost.

Okay, hopefully that's been useful. Before you go, a couple of things I want to quickly mention. The first is our Facebook advertising services.

So my company, Lead Guru, is a Facebook advertising agency and we create, manage and optimise Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for our clients. And if I do say so myself, we produce great results. We have excellent account managers that are able to, you know, have tons of experience spending millions and millions of dollars and pounds and any other currency we operate in on the platform across dozens of different campaigns, hundreds of different campaigns we must have live at the moment.

And we can almost certainly help you get better results if you're managing this yourself or perhaps working with someone that's not doing such a good job. So if you're interested in working with us, interested in having us run your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for you, you the first step is to book a free no obligation 30 minutes strategy session with one of my team members. So you can click on the link in the video description below.

There'll be a little section talking about how you go ahead and do that. And then you can go through to our website and you can book a slot directly into our calendar. You can probably get a call booked in as early as tomorrow or a few days after that.

And yeah, no obligation chat. We'll just find out more about your business. You can find out a bit about our service, how we work, how we charge, all that sort of stuff.

We can let you know if we feel like, you know, we'll be honest. If we feel like we can do great work for you, perhaps we've worked with someone else in your space and delivered good results for them. We'll let you know all that.

And we can basically go from there. So as I said, no obligation, but if you are interested, go ahead and get the call booked. Oh, one thing I need to mention, we have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement.

So we're only able to work with companies that have that or about to be spending that. If you don't meet that requirement, please don't book a session as, you know, basically a waste of everyone's time because, you know, we're not going to be able to work together at this point. Okay.

Other free thing I want to quickly mention is a free webinar I created called 3killer Facebook advertising strategies to double or more your revenue. If you're wanting to know about how your sales funnel should look, what strategy you should be using on Facebook ads, that is the content for you. Completely free.

Again, video link in description. Go ahead, check that out. You'll be very, very glad that you did.

If you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up. Please subscribe to my channel if you haven't already. And of course, comment below to let me know.

Comment below with any questions. I do my best to answer as many comments as I can. And yeah, best of luck at your Facebook ad campaigns, guys.

And I'll talk to you soon. Bye for now.