I've been running Facebook ads for more than 11 years and during that time period Facebook ads targeting is probably the single element of Facebook ads that has changed the most. Now as a meta ads agency we have more than 500 Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns live for over 100 clients at any one time and we have to stay at the very cutting edge of what's working when it comes to Facebook ads targeting. And in this video I'm going to share and show you how to use all the targeting options that we're currently using for our clients and get the best possible results and I'm going to explain which ones you want to use and when.

Okay so to walk you through this I'm in an example Facebook ad account I'm in ads manager I'm going to go ahead and create an example campaign click on this green plus create button and I'm going to go ahead and select leads as the campaign objective. Now what I'm about to show you can absolutely apply for sales campaigns and if that's more appropriate for your business or traffic campaigns if you can't track either leads or sales the targeting options we're going to go through can absolutely apply to those as well I wanted to make that clear I'm just going to go ahead and use leads for demonstration purposes. There are also going to be a number of things in this campaign ad set etc that I'm not going to touch this is very much a video focused on targeting so if you think oh you haven't changed this or you didn't I'm not addressing that we're just leaving those as the default this is very much targeting focus.

So I'm going to go ahead and select leads and then click continue and now what we see the next option of Meta's trying to push us towards a tailored leads campaign again this variations of this will apply to other campaign objectives as well and what I'm going to do for this video and what I'd recommend you do is go ahead and click on manual setup. When you go with a tailored leads campaign you are very restricted in terms of the targeting options effectively Meta is going to decide it all for you that's probably not the best approach particularly when you're a beginner and you need to learn the platform and how targeting works and what options to use and particularly if you've got a relatively new ad account where Meta doesn't have much in the way of previous conversion data within your ad account to use to inform how to do the targeting and how to get you the best possible results I think taking a bit more control makes a lot of sense. So we're going to go ahead and select a manual leads campaign and I'd recommend you do the same thing.

Now this is we've gone into the campaign window here I'm going to go ahead and jump to the ad set window as I said I'm not messing around with anything else of conversion location or performance goal or budget anything like that I have loads of videos about all that sort of stuff that you can find on my YouTube channel just have a have a search around. Now one of the really big changes that's taken place over the last 12 months or so is this shift from original audience targeting options to this advantage plus audience and audience control combo that you can see on screen in front of me now. This was introduced then it became the default and now a lot of Facebook advertisers when they do select a manual campaign they have to use this setup they don't have the original options.

If I scroll down a little bit you can see that on this ad account I can switch to the original targeting options if I want to. I'd recommend that most meta advertisers don't and I'll explain why explain the differences. So with original audience options original targeting options the targeting inputs that you gave to meta they acted as hard constraints hard boundaries.

So let's say for example you wanted to target a specific interest or a specific online behavior or a specific demographic meta would only advertise to those people they wouldn't go beyond that whereas with advantage plus audience you can see here these inputs the targeting inputs we give are audience suggestions. So what meta will do is they will take that information they will go okay we get it you want to target roughly these people that's who will start by targeting that's where we'll focus but if we think we can get you better results by expanding that and targeting some other people that perhaps don't fit into that interest targeting criteria or don't fit into that demographic then we will do so. That's the big shift and one of the things I like about advantage plus audience is it stops meta advertisers from making big mistakes like targeting audiences that are too small because meta has that flexibility to override the targeting inputs that you have given.

Now the reason why we've now got an advantage plus audience and audience control combo is there are still certain elements that we need to use as hard boundaries and hard constraints things like location targeting. Obviously you don't want your ads being shown in other parts of the world if you can't serve customers there and there are a few other options as well. So we're going to go through this now and I'm going to start with the audience control section and then we're going to work our way through and I'll explain the various elements and the various targeting options that you need to use.

So the first thing is location and that's an obvious place to start and a really important thing to get right if you want your meta ad campaigns to succeed. Now I'm based in the UK meta has given me the UK here but we can add in other countries we can also get much more specific and just target locally and walk through those options. Now the general rule of thumb here when it comes to location targeting on meta is to target the areas where you can serve your customers.

Don't artificially constrain your targeting options don't go smaller than you need to but also don't go wider don't go broader than where you can actually realistically acquire customers from. So us as a meta ads agency we have we have clients all over the world we have clients in the UK we have major markets like the US, Canada, Australia but we also have clients in Dubai and Singapore and India and South Africa and Germany and literally all over the world. So we could target worldwide if we wanted to.

If I was new to advertising on the platform and I was advertising my own business meta ad agency I would stick to my core market. So in that case it's going to be UK, United States, let's say Australia and Canada. Those are going to be say 85% of our clients with other countries having other ones dotted around.

Okay that's what I might look to add in. Now obviously if we only served only worked with customers in the UK we would just go with the UK. If we only serve customers in the US we would just go with the US.

And let's say we had a business that operated only locally. So I live in a town in the UK called Cheltenham. So if I go ahead and add that in here we've got Cheltenham England and what we can see here is that meta has defaulted to this town plus a 25 mile radius around the town.

So if you're a local business and you only serve customers locally you want to enter in wherever you are and then select the right area around that to target. And this is going to be a judgment call based on you as a business owner and as a marketer trying to work out realistically how far are people willing to travel to come and work with us. Let's say you've got a gym or a restaurant or something like that to come and be our customer.

Or how far are we willing to travel, let's say you're a landscape or a roofer, how far are we willing to travel to service customers. And that would be your target area. So we can change this radius, we could just do the current city only if we wanted to.

If we think you know only people that actually live here are going to be interested in this, that's a possibility. You can do a radius obviously as default is 25, we can go up to 50 miles, 10 miles. And that's going to be a judgment call as I said based on you know we think our customers only going to travel 15 miles or we want to expand it a little bit to include this extra town here or something along those lines.

That's very much going to vary depending on your business. What I see a lot of advertisers do is they will either think oh I've heard that when you advertise on Facebook you want really large audiences so even though they only operate locally they go and add in a massive area around where they are. That's not a good idea.

You can see this audience size has been reduced to 440 to about 517 000 people. But if that's where you operate it's absolutely fine. If you bring that audience right down and you've only got 50 000 people in your town but that's the only place that you operate again that's absolutely fine.

Prioritize your business and where you can do business first over what's ideal in terms of optimizing a Facebook and Instagram ad campaign which is typically large audiences but only where it makes sense. I also see the opposite where let's say a business can advertise nationally or even internationally but they decide to pick certain prospects. So like let's say we could deliver our products to all of the UK but we think our best products are going to come from London therefore we decide to just advertise in London.

That's not a good idea. If your best prospects are primarily in London Meta is going to work that out for you and they're going to put your ads in front of people that are in London for the most part. But if there are other prospects outside of London then if you only target London you're going to miss out on those whereas if you target the whole country Meta might think yeah 80% of the ads are being shown to people in London but here's someone in Manchester that is highly interested in these products we think they'd be a great prospect let's put an ad in front of them.

And there's lots of those people could be someone that visited your website for example could be retargeted. So the general rule of thumb is wherever you can deliver that's what you want to target location wise. I'm going to go ahead and just add in the UK for demonstration purposes for this video.

Okay so now you can see that's the obvious thing that comes up here as the audience controls there are other options and it's really important to go through this. So if you go ahead and click more you can set a minimum age. So this only goes up to 25 goes from 18 to 25 and it's only a minimum age so you can't cap the age range at the top end.

But this is going to be really important for certain businesses. If you're advertising certain things that you can't advertise to people under a certain age you can go ahead and add these criteria in. It might be that you just want to set 25 as your minimum age if you're advertising something that you just know does not appeal to people under a certain age.

Like for us for example as a meta ads agency we are rarely going to get clients under 25. Every now and then it does happen but most of our clients are going to be probably average is probably in their 30s but we have clients in their 40s, 50s, 60s, probably 70s. We do have someone in their 20s as well but we might set a criteria being like this is the majority of our audience.

But and again sometimes it's like a legal requirement you can't advertise certain products to anyone under 21 for example. So you might need to set that okay. You can also if you want to exclude custom audiences I'm going to show you exactly how to use custom audiences and what they are later on in this video but just to say that a custom audience is effectively a warm audience so it's people that have interacted with business before.

You might decide that you don't want ads from a new campaign to be put in front of existing customers. Let's say you've got a special new promotion but it's only available for new customers. You don't want your existing customers to see it.

You can go ahead and add this in here as an exclusion. And then the last thing you can do within audience controls you can set as a hard boundary is languages. You can set your languages.

Now most advertisers are going to be able to leave this as all languages. That's absolutely fine but it might be that for example you're running ads in Canada and you only or you find your best results you only really serve French-speaking Canadians. You only speak French perhaps and therefore you might want to specify that within your languages languages and metal put ads in front of people that are far more likely to speak that language.

There are obviously other examples in different locations but just something to be aware of. Most people can be fine leaving that as all languages. So those are the options that we have within audience controls and those are all going to act as hard boundaries.

So if we set a minimum age of say 21 our ads are not going to be shown to people under the age of 21. Then we get down into the advantage plus audience section. You can see here that we've got audience suggestions.

Optional. I'm going to go ahead and open this up. Now I'll get to custom audiences in a minute because that's a whole topic and I want to want to go into that because that's really important.

First I want to talk about age. Now because in audience controls we set the minimum age as 21 we can see that the age criteria has changed there. If I go ahead and change that back to 18 that'll change to 18.

But we can edit this age range. Now you might be thinking why have you got an age range in advantage plus audience and in audience controls. Well the reason is very simple.

This here is a suggestion. This is not a hard boundary. So let's say you're like okay my target audience is people age 35 to 45.

Okay that's my core. Meta will take that information on board. They will start by advertising primarily to those people but they will expand beyond that if they think it's appropriate.

So what I would recommend you do here is give Meta some direction in terms of your typical age range of people that are interested in your products or services but don't get overly specific. I wouldn't go any more specific than 10 years and often we would shoot for more like a 20 year gap. Because again Meta is really smart in working out who to target based on your inputs.

I'd rather they had more flexibility than less. I know they have lots of flexibility anyway but yeah we would normally look to make this broader. So for example to give an example if we're advertising for our Facebook and Instagram advertising services we would literally target 25 plus.

So we would leave it really broad. Just wanted to be clear on that. Okay genders is the next one.

So you obviously have all men or women. If you have a business that is 80 percent or more skewed one way or the other then I would get more specific and say no look like 95 percent of our customers are women. Fine.

Go ahead and enter in women. Not got a problem with that. If it's kind of 60 40 65 35 I'd recommend going with all.

Again Meta is going to be able to work that out. But if you are very heavily skewed one way or the other you can select men. You can select women.

That's not a problem. Then we get into this detailed targeting section. So here is where we're going to enter in interests demographics behaviors.

So what you want to do here is not overthinking. You can either click in and search for various options to do with your product services or you can click on browse. If you have the time I'd recommend going through the various categories and finding the options of like oh yes our customers are parents and what kind of parents what kind of age children they have and going through all the various options and seeing what there is available.

If you want the quicker and easier version you can just search for things related to what it is that you're offering. So again let's say we're advertising our Facebook advertising services we might start entering in things like digital marketing as an option. Okay so people interested in digital marketing.

We might enter in small business owners as a targeting option right as a behavior in that case. We could enter in things like Facebook page admins. You know if you're an admin of a Facebook page there's a good job that you have a business and we could you could see that Facebook page admins when I entered that in there is even a more specific one if we wanted that which is business page admins which is usually what we would go with as opposed to Facebook page admins because that's going to include a lot of people that are admins of pages to do with communities and sports clubs and etc etc.

Okay so you just go through and you have a little search and you see what comes up. We entered in something broader like marketing. We can see there's going to be a bunch of suggestions right.

There's marketing as interest, there's viral marketing, influencer marketing, marketing strategy, loads of different options that you could use. Now one thing I want to highlight here is we can see we've got a number of different marketing so you might be thinking well why are there so many different options. You can see over here on the right hand side that's because they have different categorizations.

So one is field of study, one is job title, one is employer, one is schools and there's marketing as an interest as well. So that's just important to be aware of because you might be thinking I want to reach people that are interested in marketing that might be interested in hiring a marketing agency. You don't want to go ahead and select marketing as a job title necessarily or as an employer because if someone actually works in the industry or they work for another agency they're not going to hire us for our services.

So just be aware of that make sure you reach the right people when it comes to that sort of thing. Okay so when it comes to adding in these detailed targeting options I think this is the best place for beginners to start. I would recommend you add some in and remember these are not hard constraints so it's very difficult to make a big mistake here.

Meta has the flexibility and you can add in as few or as many as you want. You could add in none or you could add in a whole bunch. I would recommend usually starting with something like four or five if you wanted a rough guideline but there's no right or wrong answer on that and I think this is good particularly for new ad accounts because it does give Meta that direction because as soon as you start running your ad campaigns the AI and optimization process is going to try and get you the best of what's possible.

It's going to be trying to work out all the various bits and bobs and who to put ads in front of and what time of day and how many impressions does someone need to get conversions. They're going to try and learn all this stuff. The more direction you can give them at the beginning being like oh and by the way instead of trying to work out from everyone who to target start with these people.

We think this is where we're going to get the best results. You can do that easily by adding in these detailed targeting options. Don't overthink it.

Don't spend tons and tons of time on it. Just go ahead and get those in. Okay now if you wanted to you could get more specific and narrow audience.

So let's say that you found some interest targeting options that you thought were kind of there but not quite. Let's say for example we had small business owners but you only worked with certain types of small business owners like you only worked with photographers. You might want to say okay I want someone to be a small business owner but I also want them to be interested in photography.

Okay so we could have or we could have photography as a job title even which probably be a better example in there. But there are circumstances where you think actually it's not those people and it's not those people. It's actually the combination of the two.

It's someone that fits into both categories like the you know the Venn diagram as it were. Like they overlap. It's those people that we want.

So you can do that by narrowing down and adding in extra criteria. Now you can see we've got some warnings on the right hand side saying the audience is too narrow which doesn't surprise me. That's likely to happen if you try and narrow down.

It's not something I'd recommend most beginners do but I wanted to just highlight that this is an option and if you advertise it to the whole of the US and you have really large broad audiences and then you want to get more specific you're probably going to be able to do this more just because of the the audience size and population size. I'm going to go ahead and delete that. Okay so in a second I'm going to go through custom audiences and lookalike audiences which can allow you to retarget and do all sorts of cool things with your Facebook ads targeting.

Before I do I want to quickly let you know about my new course with community called Facebook ads mastery. Now in this course myself and my team have packaged everything that we've learned spending more than 50 million dollars on Facebook ads generating more than 200 million dollars in revenue from those Facebook ads for our clients and we're literally sharing the strategies the tips and the techniques that we use to train our staff to get our clients the best possible results. It also comes with a brand new school community where there's tons of interaction in there from me and my team answering questions and engaging with the community.

Live calls and trainings at the starting price is just 97 pounds per month we want to make this as affordable as we possibly can. There is a link in the description you can click through and go ahead and check it out. Hopefully I'll see you on the inside.

Now the next thing I want to explain when it comes to Facebook and Instagram ads targeting is this custom audiences section which is a huge part of targeting on the meta ads platform. So just to explain what custom audiences are I briefly touched on it. They are warm audiences people that have interacted with your business before.

There are a number of different examples and by creating a custom audience that allows you to retarget that allows you to put ads in front of people that already interacted with you which is obviously a hugely important part of any form of digital marketing strategy nowadays to get people from having interacted with you a bit to over the line and a customer or buying again reactivating an existing customer that's a huge part of any digital marketing strategy we've all experienced clicking on products not buying them going elsewhere online seeing ads for that business pop up and that's what they're doing they are retargeting and I'm going to show you how to do exactly that okay. So to create custom audiences what we want to do is we want to leave ads manager for a minute and we want to go ahead and jump into audiences. So if you click on these three little lines in all tools and then you can select audiences I've got it up here in the shortcuts if not you'll have it down here in the manage business menu and when we go into audiences this is like a hub where we can create all different types of custom audiences because there are obviously different types of custom audiences and different people that have seen and interacted with our business different locations.

Now because this is an example ad account there's already a bunch in here don't worry about that we're going to go through the process now your page your window that you see might look a bit different from this if you haven't created any custom audiences yet that's absolutely fine all you need to do to follow along is find the create audience button. So we're going to go ahead and click on create audience and custom audience lookalike audience is going something we're going to talk about afterwards. So we go ahead and click on custom audience and we can see that there are lots of different types of custom audience remember custom audiences are people that are warm they're not cold they've interacted with us before.

We've got two major categories we've got your sources so these are all the locations outside of meta outside of Facebook and Instagram where we've got interaction and then there are the meta sources okay so we're going to start with your sources and we're going to go through not every single one but the ones that we routinely use as an agency for our clients. So the first one is going to be website so if you go ahead and click on website and then select next. Now in order to create a custom audience from people that have visited your website you will need to meta pixel installed on your website that's the the thing that's the piece of code that actually is able to track people and work out who has visited your website who hasn't and work out who should be included in that retargeting audience and then who should be retargeted.

If you haven't got the pixel installed you don't know how to do that I'll include a link in the video description below you can click on that go through to another video that shows you exactly how to get the meta pixel installed on your website. So that's the first thing source make sure you've got the right pixel selected you can see we've got a nice green tick there if you've got multiple pixels then you might want to just click on the drop down and select the right one. Then we've got events okay so a few different options in here.

So the default is all website visitors and that's fairly self-explanatory right that's anyone that's visited the website within the time frame that we give that's who we want to retarget. I'd recommend that most Facebook advertisers start there because it's the easiest one to understand it's going to give you the largest possible custom audience and in general larger custom audiences produce better results but you can if you want to get more specific. So for example you could click on people who visited specific web pages.

Now let's say you had two different product lines you had hats and you had shoes. Now you might want to create a separate custom audience for all the people that visited pages to do with shoes in comparison to all the people that visited pages to do with hats and that will allow you to create different retargeting campaigns and different retargeting ads so you can put shoe offers in front of shoe people and hat offers in front of hat people and you'll probably get better results. So that is something that you can do and we'll talk about audience retention in a second but once you've selected this here in events you want to come down to this URL section you can do URLs contains and you could for example just pop in shoes and then that any page on your website that has shoes within the URL and assuming that's how you've got your website URLs constructed it's going to include all those pages and therefore everyone in there because it's URL contains.

You can change this to doesn't contain if you just want to exclude something or equals. So let's say you know you're www.clothes.com forward slash shoes. You know you only wanted specifically that URL and you didn't want any others you could go ahead and just enter in the URL there once you change that to URL equals.

That's fairly self-expiratory. One thing you can do as well is so for example you could add in if we change this back to contains and say look we want to retarget anyone that has visited a page on a website with shoes in the URL but we want to you can click on exclude you know but we want to exclude people so again we get the same option now so we've got source we've got events let's say people visit specific web pages we want to exclude anyone that has actually bought we don't want to keep advertising to them so we want to exclude anyone that has visited a page that's got thank you on it again assuming that's how you've got your URL set up so that anyone that comes through to a thank you page it has thank you know dash you in the URL and therefore you'll create this custom audience for people that have visited your shoe pages but haven't yet checked out and purchased because otherwise they would be disqualified from this custom audience using this criteria. You could also create separate custom audiences and do this at the ad set level but i'll explain a bit more about that later on.

Okay again most advertisers aren't going to want to start by using people with visitors to their web pages and they're certainly not going to want to add in exclusions or you can refine further by so we want people to visit this page and then another page it works similarly to what we talked about with the detailed targeting options these are more advanced techniques and not something that most people need to worry about but i just want to let you know that if you did want to do it you can go ahead and and include these here now there are other event options as well so we've talked about all website visitors we've talked about people who visited specific web pages and we can also select visitors by time spent and we have different percentiles so people who have spent the most time on our website the top five percent of them the top 10 percent of them the top 25 percent of them we don't use this as much typically this should be used on a website that gets say a lot of organic traffic and people are consuming say blog content and you only want to be retargeting the very best prospects because it's a bit of a stretch from them reading your stuff to buying a relatively high-end product or service then we might come out and use this sort of setup we would also only normally do this if there are lots and lots of people in the custom bodies a lot of people had visited the website but again that is an option and you can also do so from events right so we've only got certain events actually set up and firing because this is an example ad account but these are conversion events so people have so we could create a custom audience out of people who have triggered the purchase conversion event that would effectively be previous customers people have visited the add to cart conversion event perhaps we want to use an add to cart custom audience so that we can retarget people that added to cart but didn't quite get over the line and purchase you can go ahead and click on add to cart and that would create exactly that custom audience okay but like i said most facebook and expert advertisers are going to want to use all website visitors part of the reason why and i'll tie this into this audience retention section is because meta knows all that other information anyway let's say we include all website visitors meta knows that perhaps two percent of those people have added to cart in the last seven days but haven't yet purchased well meta is going to start by putting ads in front of them just like meta knows who spent the most time on your website versus who hasn't so if instead of using the visitors by time spent and having all these separate intricate little custom audiences you can just then go actually we're just going to have one big custom audience of all web services and let meta work it out because they have all this information for the exact same reason i would recommend changing the audience retention from the default which is um 30 days to the maximum time given which is 180 days because i like really big custom audiences custom audiences in general perform better than cold audiences because these people have already interacted with your business but there usually isn't as many people in there so it's more difficult to scale so we just want these things to be as big as possible and again the argument for shortening the audience retention is that if someone has interacted with your business in the last three days they're more likely to buy than someone who interact with your business 179 days ago and that is true but meta knows that so they're going to start by putting ads in front of someone that interacted with your business three days ago visited your website in this case um but meta also knows that let's say you offer bicycles and someone visited your website five months ago but has been searching around for bicycles they've been in facebook marketplace looking for bicycles they've they've their online activity shows that they are now primed and ready for an ad you don't want to miss out on that person meta's going to realize that put that ad in front of that person even if they only visited your website five months ago and you might generate a sale because of that so in general nice big custom audiences is what i'd recommend you start with then i wouldn't recommend adding in any um exclusions or anything like that and then we just give a name so i would just call this all website visitors 180 to denote the audience retention that's the max by the way if we could go longer than that i absolutely would and then we want to go ahead and click create audience and you can just go through that exact process of what i described you can create the other types of custom audiences if you feel like that's appropriate for your business i've walked through a few scenarios where that works don't worry about any of this we're going to get to that um later on okay so we've just created an audience of all website visitors in the last 180 days but there are other custom audiences that i want to show you how to use as well so if i click on create audience and custom audience so we've covered website and the various forms of website custom audience that we can use the next big category of um your source custom audience that we use are customer lists we'll go ahead and click on customer lists and click next and now what we can do depending on our on our setup is effectively take data that we have off platform of people that have either bought from us hence the name customer list but you could also use an email list here so people haven't bought from you but are just signed up to your email list so for example when we're advertising for our own product or services we have about 35 000 people on an email list that is a tremendously valuable customer audience that we want to make sure we put ads in front of so they know about our latest promotions or stuff like that so we make sure that we always use that in our as a customer audience in our retargeting campaigns now if you're using mailchimp which a lot of people will be um you can just import directly from mailchimp you just click on this um you just go ahead and follow the steps log into mailchimp once you've done that you will just be able to select which list you want to import you click like three buttons it gets imported and that's it very very straightforward if you're not using mailchimp then what you want to do is export the list from whatever crm you're using and then import that list um right here okay so you can see that the way this works is that meta uses identifiers so that what they're basically doing is they're going to take the data the the names the individuals that you have within your list within your exported file and they're going to try and match that with people's facebook and instagram profiles so they can work out aha okay this person's data that you have on this spreadsheet that correlates with this user therefore we know this is this person and we can include that in the custom audience and we can then retarget them so they're going to use things like email addresses phone numbers it depends what data you have to be able to go ahead and do something like this but that's just what meta is recommending in terms of adding in various identifiers and the more information the more identifiers you have in the list that you upload the better okay i'm just gonna go ahead and click next for a second and then you can see we come through to this page here where we can go ahead and upload the list supported formats are csv and txt files when you export your list from your crm you will probably be able to do so in either a csv or txt file if not you can convert an excel file relatively easily so then you just want to go ahead and click on upload file and then i've got this example email list here um and what we can see here is meta is asking us whether or not there's a column for customer value now this is really useful if you do have it it's not essential though so what that would look like is alongside each customer let's say this is a previous customer it's not an email list alongside each customer you might have this person spent 80 this person spent 240 this person spent 600 and that's really useful information because meta can not only see that these are previous customers but they can work out amongst those which ones were previously more valuable to your business and therefore which ones are likely to be more valuable to users going forward and they would prioritize putting ads in front of people that spent more previously or people that are similar to people that spent more previously um i'll get more onto that in a minute now this example customers that i just created doesn't have a value column but if yours does you want to go ahead and select yes and then meta will be um will ask you which one is the value column you'll basically be able to identify that in the next step but i'll show you how identifying works anyway okay so we've got no we're going to continue with a customer list that doesn't include a customer value name is example email list is absolutely fine then we can go ahead and click next and here's where we map the identifiers so for example mine just had um email in there as ben at example.com that one's been mapped so meta has been able to match those they've worked out that that is an email address and they've categorized that as email but this one here they've got action needed they've got name as ben metal wasn't able to work out what that was so i need to go ahead and tell them from the drop down list that this one was in fact first name okay so that one's first name and now they're both mapped and you can do that like metal will try its best to map as many as it can but a lot of them might have actions but you can just go through and select and make sure they haven't got it wrong and this is also where if you have a value column you would say this one's the value column so you can see exactly um how this operates then we just go ahead and click on import and create depending on the size of your list might take a little bit of time to to put that together but there you are done again don't worry about any of this stuff we're going to get to that in a minute you can click on done so i'd recommend that you do that for your customer lists or all previous customers and you also do that for your email list so basically anyone that you have available there you want to go ahead and get uploaded if you don't have a customer list we don't have an email list yet no problem when you do make sure you go ahead and get these uploaded now if you use the import from mailchimp feature the one i showed previously meta will automatically update those audiences for you which is fantastic so as time goes on and new people get added you um you get those new people being synced if you're not using that feature and you've just uploaded lists like i have you will have to manually re-upload new lists to update them as obviously you get more people added to your customer list and more people added to your email list but it's worth doing because that data is really really beneficial and you can do that um the frequency of that depends on how many new people you're actually adding to your email list if you're only adding you know 10 people a week you don't need to do it very often if you're adding a thousand people a day you might want to do that pretty pretty regularly oh i should quickly mention whilst we're talking about that that the website custom audience that we created um that will update automatically because it's based on pixel data so that the audience retention was 180 days into the past but in three months time um that audience like half of that audience will have changed because obviously you know each day that goes past people that visited your website 180 days they drop off and new ones come in that updates all automatically i've talked about customers previous videos and i know that's been a question so hopefully that helps clear things up okay so we've added in website visitors customer list slash email list i'd recommend you do both if you have them um and then we want to go ahead and create some meta source custom audiences so obviously you can use app activity if you've got an app um there's catalog activity most advertisers aren't gonna use those or they're not going to focus on them early on the two that i've talked about ones we will look to use all the time and then again from these meta sources certain ones of these we're going to use a lot more than others i'm going to focus on the most important ones so i'm going to start with video so select select video and let's click next in here now we get to choose an engagement type if i click on this drop down the first thing we decide is how much of our video or videos does someone need to have consumed to be included in this custom audience now obviously the larger the percentage or the amount of time that someone's consumed the warmer that person will be um but the smaller that audience will be so that's really the trade-off here now where i talked about previously going with the largest possible custom audience and i do think that's a good idea as a default start point there may well be certain circumstances where you've been putting out videos that demonstrate how your product or service works perhaps it's something that people are very familiar with and they need to understand the process and how it works to want to to move forward and in which case you might want to trial going with say 75 of your video or 50 of your video but i think for the majority of people let's just start with the largest audience the default and go with the biggest one again meta knows within all these people that watch three seconds who actually engaged with it more who watch 75 and they're going to start with those people so once you make that selection then you want to go ahead and select videos and there are a number of different places where you can get video sources from right so you can for example um have them from your facebook page so i could select here my ben heath facebook page and then we've got all these various videos right that we could be like okay anyone's watched this video and you can go ahead and select them we could also get them from my instagram account instead and be like right okay anyone who watched this video anyone who watch this video and and and so on and so forth you can also if we click in the drop down get them from a specific ad campaign now what's your what should you choose here if your videos are all very much on the same topic and you want to retarget everyone i would just go ahead and select as many as you can but there may well be times where you're segmenting based on the topics of the videos and products remember we talked about hats and shoes or maybe you've got videos about in our case it could be our facebook and instagram advertising services so we get custom audience if anyone's with videos about that but we also offer google ad services so maybe we create a custom audience out of people that have consumed our google ads related content um so we would have two separate custom audiences based on the video consumption and then we could retarget specific offers you know google ads to google ads people facebook ads to facebook ads people okay um so that's general rule of thumb of what i'd be looking to do a default of everyone if you talk about roughly the same thing is not a bad idea i've just got a few selected there for demonstration purposes then we go ahead and click confirm now the default audience retention here is 365 days you'll find that with meta sources things that take place on platform um you get much longer audience retention windows and it's seen as a little bit less you know invasion of privacy by tracking people around other places instead it's like look you're on our platform we can see everything on here it is what it is okay so i would call this for example now uh video viewers 365 and if you had more specific criteria then you could obviously go ahead and add that in like video viewers facebook ads video viewers google ads 365 okay that's our video viewers that's the first of the meta source custom audiences so let's go into custom audiences we're not done yet now if you're using lead forms not everyone watching this video will be but i'll just quickly demonstrate in case you are then you can create a custom audience out of people who have engaged with your leads for lead form what's referred to at the ad set level now as instant forms a little bit confusing having that distinction again we've got events so we can have anyone who opened this form we could also have people who opened but didn't submit the form or opened and submitted form so you can think about the use cases for that right like everyone who opened this form is just like let's just get everyone people who opened but didn't submit it's like they showed interest but we can probably put a retargeting ad in front of them to get them over the line and people who opened and submitted might be okay they've become a lead but we're struggling to now get them from lead to paying customer therefore we've got retargeting ads that show client testimonials or proof that we can do a good job that sort of thing to help get them over the line uh most people i'd recommend going with the starting default option and then you can experiment with these more advanced options depending on the needs of your business and honestly how your sales funnel is going and where people are dropping off like if you're getting loads of leads but not many conversions then you want to go with this option here but if you want more leads then you want to go with this option or this option right okay anyone open this form i think is is usually fine make sure you've got the right page selected then if you've got multiple lead forms just select the lead form of choice or you could go ahead and select all and then when it comes to audience retention the maximum for lead forms is 90 days i know that's an on meta source and that sort of contradicts what i talked about with the video stuff but lead forms are seen as a little bit different because you're sort of collecting someone's information as opposed to just their activity on um the platform so you have the shortest possible retention windows which 90 days and that is a default and that's what i'd go with so then we would go ahead and call this uh like lead form engages 90 and then we click create audience okay so that's our lead our lead based um custom audience so if you are running campaigns with lead forms or instant forms you it's a no-brainer to go ahead and get that set up then we go ahead and select custom audience and there's um a couple of others that i want to show you i'm not going to talk about instant experience shopping augmented reality augmented reality in particular very much a fringe case events and this is not what most meta advertisers are going to use and if i go through all of these um this video would be 14 hours long um so i'm going to talk about the two others that we use most of the time and these ones i'm covering are really the ones that we use um very often with that with our clients right um and that's instagram account so if i go ahead and click on instagram account and then once we come into here we can now create custom audiences based on people's interactivity with our instagram account okay so the first thing we do here is obviously make sure that we've got the right instagram account selected if you've got multiple instagram accounts and then like previously we've got this event section so the default here is everyone who engaged with this professional account and that's going to be the largest uh custom audience option out of the various instagram custom audience instagram account custom audience options you could change it to people who started following this professional account obviously that's a bit of a higher bar someone who's not just engaged but then gone ahead and followed people who visited your profile people who engage with a postal ad um specifically you've got people who saved a post or ads probably really high bar to entry people who are really liking um your stuff so there are use cases where you want to get more specific and you think i only want to target followers or i only want to target people who have engaged with a post or ad recently so i get the most engaged customer audience but once again for the same logic as i talked about previously i would go with everyone who engaged this professional account meta is going to work out who are the most keen and then we can go ahead and add in here instagram engages 365 okay and then we can go ahead and click on create audience and then what we just did for our instagram account we can do the same thing for our facebook page right so go ahead and click next make sure you've got the rice right facebook page selected events looks very very similar page followers you can people who visited your page engage with a post or ad click the call to action button or save the post but i'd recommend most we'll go with everyone engage with your page for the same reason 365 is the maximum retention window that's what we want to use so i'm going to call this one facebook page engages 365 okay and then we create that custom audience and click done so now we've got all the custom audiences that we use very regularly created if we click back into custom orders you see there are other options that you might want to play around with depending on your business hopefully the logic of what i've been through there um will help you with those other ones that i'm not going to going to go through specifically in this video as well because a lot of the same thinkings and principles behind which options do you go with when it comes to retention windows or which options do you go with when it comes to um the event selection uh still apply to a lot of the other stuff as well and some of these ones i created might not apply to your business like if you don't use lead forms you can't use that custom audience if you never advertise with video you can't use that custom audience if you only have a facebook page and don't have an instagram account you can't use that custom audience so you're gonna have to adjust this to your specific business but then that's always the case no matter what content you consume online there's always an element of um adjusting it for your specific circumstances right okay so now we've got a bunch of custom audiences if i close this down we will see that we've got a bunch of custom audiences here and some of these are populating it'll take a little bit of time anything that is meta sourced or pixel based will update automatically the other ones need to be updated manually and now what we can do with that custom audience is firstly added into our campaign we can also use it to create lookalike audiences both of which are things that i want to show you because they're both really important so let's start with actually using this within an ad campaign right so i'm going to go ahead and jump back into ads manager just clicked on the all tools button and then ads manager and we're going to add in these custom audiences into our example campaign if i just go down here and click on edit draft and we'll come back into the sort of typical ads manager window we'll go to the ad set level and then we're going to scroll down to our advantage plus audience section and then we're going to add in our custom audiences in here now assuming that this was a retargeting campaign and i would for the most part recommend that you separate your cold audience campaign from your ward audience campaign still typically if we're running the direct offer strategy so we're directly advertising your product services we will have two campaigns we'll have a cold audience campaign and a warm audience campaign yes there will be overlap yes with advanced plus audience they're going to operate similarly to some extent but i still think it's worth having those um separate for being able to track how other parts of your marketing working in terms of building your audience and then converting those to customers using your facebook and instagram advertising anyway so within the custom audience we're just going to add all of these in right so we just type in the name so we've got all website visitors we've got uh what else did we have we had lead form engages we had our example email list and you'd also want to add in your example um customer list if you had it we have facebook page engages uh doesn't seem to here we go facebook page engages 365 we've got our instagram account engages and then either missed uh yes video viewer custom audience as well and of course if you've created any others and you can add those in and you can just go ahead and pop these in here and create the largest possible um custom audience um i think for most facebook advertisers that is going to deliver the best results you might want to have different campaigns if you're retargeting say a hat range to certain people and a shoe range to other people you can separate those out into different campaigns but if you're advertising mostly the same product range the same service offering you can pop all these into one uh warm audience campaign now once you've added in your custom audiences this now becomes a warm audience uh campaign i would therefore leave everything else open so we wouldn't normally include for example these custom audiences and these detailed targeting options we would take these out when we've got custom audiences added right um and and keep this really open and we might go with the age range if this is pretty open already but we might go with the age range all the way down to to 18 if we had a gender selection of just men or women we would then spread that out and because we've got those custom audiences we're already very much um targeting those we're happy for meta to not be constrained by other factors as well okay so this is now our warm audience ad set our warm audience campaign so if i just go ahead and close this down i'm going to label things up to make it um more obvious right so we've got new leads warm campaign and then what i'm going to do is i'm going to go ahead and create a new leads campaign which is going to be called you guessed it manual again remember and this is going to be called new leads cold campaign just to separate those out and demonstrate how we would typically do things and if we jump to this ad set level i'm going to call this as well new leads cold ad set just so we can see and this is the one now where we would be looking to add in you know those previous targeting criteria we talked about where we get more specific around age or gender or the detailed targeting options like digital marketing etc etc i'm not going to add them all in now we've already been through that but you get the idea now one thing that you might want to do within your cold audience ad set now that we've created these custom audiences is exclude custom audience which i talked about previously so you might for example want to exclude uh have we got any yeah we've got a purchase custom audience we didn't create that today by the way that was created i said this is an example ad account so we have stuff in here um you might want to create a custom audience that people who've purchased via the website and you don't want to run ads to those people you add this up here in the audience control section underneath the exclude these custom audiences and that will allow you to run a campaign that's say great for new potential customers but you don't want to put in front of previous customers because perhaps it's got a an introductory offer that just won't go down well with existing customers would be the classic example of why you would use this i'm not a big fan of doing this in general and specifically i'm not a big fan of doing this to just save a bit of money unless you're in that scenario where you have a really good offer that's only available to new customers i wouldn't just go ahead and add this in thinking well my customers already know about me why would i spend money to put my ads in front of them again um i only want to reach new people that's a little bit short-sighted people aren't walking around thinking about your business wondering uh i wonder when they release the next product next product they need to be reminded there's a reason why the big brands run ads all the time it's because they need the reminders um and your website purchases are going to be a very small percentage of your total audience size you're not going to spend much money on them it's definitely worth putting ads um in front of those people just a quick aside by the way this is a website purchaser custom audience remember when we went through and created out all website visitors custom audience there was a section where you could select based on conversion event what i did to create this was select that purchase conversion event and everything else was the same um and that's how you create one of these and exclude it so not a big fan of doing this there are certain sites where you want to use it i wanted to highlight it in case that applies specifically to your business you would only want to add that into your cold audience campaign most likely as opposed to your warm audience campaign but i'm going to go ahead and delete that out anyway right now in this cold audience ad set if we scroll down to this advanced plus audience we haven't got any custom audiences in here but there is a type of audience that i would use in a cold audience ad set um that i think that we haven't covered so far and that can be really valuable and really useful and that's a lookalike audience so i'm going to show you how to go ahead and create lookalike audiences now so we click on these three little lines again all tools and jump back into audiences and once you've created custom audiences lookalike audiences are actually very very easy to create and just to explain what a lookalike audience is whilst that's loading up a lookalike audience is an audience a group of people that are very similar to another group of people so let's say we take our previous customer list that we've uploaded and i've shown you how to do that and we say to meta look meta these are the people that have bought from us previously i would like you to find people that are very similar to them and put ads in front of those people because people who are very similar to those that have already bought from us previously are probably really good prospects for us and probably likely to buy going forward and meta can see based on your previous customer list that the average person is a 42 year old female who's interested in um cycling great let's put our ads in front of more women in their early 40s that are interested in cycling because that's likely to form really well so we could take for example uh you could do this based on any of your custom audiences but let's say we take our email list right let's say we've got our email list and we say look meta i want you to find create a lookalike audience based on these people um you can go ahead and select the example email list like i've done with this little check box click on these three little lines up here and click on create lookalike audience now once this lookalike audience window has loaded there's a few things that you need to decide the first thing is the audience location now you can't do this really specifically so remember we talked about local businesses like let's say i just wanted to advertise in cheltenham um advertise locally you can't i can't put in cheltenham i can't get that specific here but that's fine you can create a lookalike audience that operates nationally um or within a larger geographical area and then further specify at the ad set level so select audience location i could for example add in the whole of the united states as a lookalike audience now the percentage is the next thing that we need to choose so what percentage of the facebook and instagram users in the united states in this example do we want to be included in this lookalike audience we've got one percent being 2.8 million because there are roughly 280 million facebook and instagram users in the us and the percentage as it goes up will be based on the percentage of facebook and instagram users within the location that you have selected so if for example you're advertising locally you want to go with the largest possible custom audience and go up to 10 because it's 10 of the whole of the us in this case which is 28 million people but then when you're just advertising in dallas that's going to shrink massively because obviously you're only advertising to a small fraction of the total population so you want to go really broad with your lookalike audience likewise if you're advertising in a country with a small population you're advertising in ireland for example where there are five million people roughly you're going to want to go with a large percentage lookalike audience to have a nice large audience if however you are targeting the whole of the us and you're targeting nationwide that works for business then going with a one percent is absolutely fine met have released new information recently around ideal audience sizes and they're recommending two million plus with a lot of local businesses you won't be able to do that and that's absolutely fine we've already covered that but they're recommending two million plus um so just think about it when you're selecting your audience size think about firstly what percentage of the country do i need to so if i'm targeting all the us one percent is fine because we've got 2.8 um but if we're targeting just i don't know just eastern time zone of the us which i think is roughly 50 of the population then that's going to put you slightly under you need a two percent if you're targeting just california you can run the numbers you might need something like a seven or an eight percent if you're targeting just a city you're going to go with ten percent so hopefully that kind of makes sense in terms of the size versus specificity try and make sure that your resulting custom audience once you've added in your location targeting criteria plus factored in this percentage is over two million if you can local businesses often can't i'm going to go with one percent here which is fine let me go ahead and click create audience okay and now what we want to do now we've got that look-alike and you can create lots of different look-alikes by the way you create a look-alike based on your email list look-alike based on your website visitors look-alike based on um facebook engages instagram engages and i'd recommend that you create a number of different lookalikes based on all of these options um so for example and we've got another one here based on website visitors so i just that's my previous video that's great i'll use that as an example so now what we want to do is want to jump back into ads manager and i'll show you how we would get this added into our ad set now a look-alike audience very important i distinguish here is a cold audience now because it's in the custom audiences section it often seems like a warm audience and that can be very misleading a lot of people think it's a warm audience and that causes issues it's not the people in your look-alike audience are similar to the people that have interacted with your business before those people themselves haven't actually interacted with your business before that's a that's a big distinction there and so they don't want to be treated like warm audiences and they don't want to be added into the warm audience ad set they want to be treated like they are which is cold audiences and we've come into our cold audience campaign i'm going to go to the ad set level and i'm going to scroll down to the targeting section again and remember this is within advice plus audience so the look-alike audience is only a suggestion we're saying to meta we think these people will be great but you have the flexibility that's what we want to do and then you just add in your look-alike audiences in here so i've got for example add in example email list i could add in one based on website visitors i could add in one based on website purchases these are ones that have been created previously as i said because this is an example ad account so add in all the look-alike audiences you want to target in here you could have them based on facebook page engages instagram account gauges all of that's absolutely fine get those in there and you can also have these alongside detailed targeting options so people that are interested in digital marketing and people that are interested in social media marketing and things like that uh social media marketing i'm sure that comes up as an option interest yes it does now this is not how we would have run things under the original audience settings at all we would have segmented things out we've gone with one look-alike or one interest targeting option per ad set and we would have worked out which one produced the best results and that would allow us to make decisions going forward and improve results and do all that really important stuff but with this advantage plus audience setup and i think this is a really good move by meta to have the flexibility it actually makes a lot more sense to include these together because if you didn't include these in together then um there will be so much overlap and you're going to end up with audience overlap and auction overlap not the topic of this video but just i'll tell you now not something that you want it's not going to help your results and this is a much easier and cleaner way of doing things you have less campaigns you have less ad sets and that's how i'd recommend you go ahead and set it up so lookalike audiences interests behaviors all in one ad set in your cold ad set and then your custom audiences that people have actually interacted with this before in a separate warm audience ad set is what i'd recommend for most people now just quickly before moving on to the next thing one thing i want to highlight is we've added in our lookalikes here we've got a us-based and two uk-based lookalike audiences so for this to actually work and run we need to make sure that the location targeting matches up so we would need to make sure that we had both the uk and the united states selected um as locations and that's how it would work from a from a targeting standpoint now again if you created say a lookalike audience in the uk let's say you created a five percent lookalike audience in the uk and you're like yeah but we only operate locally how does that work that's absolutely fine that's when you just want to go ahead and add in like we talked previously uh cheltenham include your uk audience we would want to get rid of the united states in this scenario and then we want to come down to this lookalike and only include the uk based ones and then you would operate it that way right so it's functioning as people with it only within this area and then the lookalikes um operate within that um so that's how you combine the two because again i've created videos on lookalike audience point a lot of people question being like ah i only want to advertise this specific city but i when i create the lookalike it has to be countrywide or region-wide that's fine you can you can still make that work now one other thing i need to talk about when it comes to cold audience targeting not warm audience targeting but cold audience targeting is open targeting it's something that's become more and more popular over the years and when we were operating under original audience options we were using open targeting very often open targeting is this right it is deleting out every single targeting criteria so let's make this as big as it possibly can be 18 plus um no interest behaviors demographics no lookalike audiences let's assume we were doing this you know nationwide so we've got the whole of the uk and basically saying there's no targeting options whatever meta you figure it out this can work well but i think there are two scenarios two boxes you want to tick to actually use this and see it work well firstly does your product or service have mass appeal some do some don't cars have pretty mass appeal things to do with the home have pretty mass appeal a lot of food has pretty mass appeal but there are really niche things like fly fishing for salmon in coastal scottish waters that's really niche right um that does not have mass appeal so if you have mass appeal open tactical work well the other thing is how much data does your ad account have in it if it's a brand new ad account meta doesn't really know who converts where you get the best results it's really difficult for meta to optimize whereas if you've been running ad campaigns for a while you've got a thousand plus conversions meta has a really good idea of who converts anyway and you you're fine going with with the open targeting it used to be quite a decision previously with the original audience targeting options between do we go with a specific interest do we go with open targeting now with this advantage plus audience setup it's much more open and that's why i'm a fan of using it i think it's a no-brainer to give meta some suggestions like we've talked about with look-alike audiences with interest targeting options but meta has the flexibility to use open targeting it's kind of the best of both worlds whereas if you just go with completely open targeting particularly as a beginner particularly within your ad account it can struggle but there are a lot we run loads of ad accounts because obviously the accounts we work on and typically operate with quite a bit of scale or we get them there at least so spending a lot generating a lot of conversions we often operate with open targeting because it's appropriate for them so that really depends on your business i just wanted to touch on that because i think it was important now i do get a lot of meta advertisers asking if they should switch to this original audience option if we just click on this quickly you'll see that meta recommends that you don't they say the potential outcome is 30 up to a 33 lower cost per result by using advantage plus audience not switching over to original audience options and that does mirror to some extent what i would expect now we still use original audience options sometimes as an agency we very much know what we're doing i would say that with original audience options you are far more likely to make a mistake let's say for example you took a local business and you added in some detailed targeting options that's a killer because local businesses the population is so small you basically have to use open targeting if you go ahead and add in interest targeting options your audience is just going to be too small whereas if you're advertising a local business using advantage plus audience and you add in some interest targeting options it's not the end of the world because meta has the flexibility to also advertise to other people as meta has got more sophisticated ad platform giving it more wiggle room more things to decide has yielded better and better results and i expect things to continue going that way so using original audience options is all about doing the opposite and maintaining control the use case where i would say using original audience options still works well is if you can't track the eventual conversion so meta is not basically able to optimize for what you really want and learn properly because let's say they come through to your website and then they click through to a third party booking page where they book in for an event or a hotel room or whatever and you just you just can't track those conversions then you need more control as an advertiser to direct meta to advertise to the right people because it can't meta can't learn by itself if you're forced to use say a traffic campaign for example then you might want to get more specific and if you do do that by the way you do switch over to original audience options i'm just going to do that very quickly so i can show you um one thing that you need to be aware of still with the old school options and i would only recommend you do this if you were advertising before advice plus audience came in place and you really know what you're doing but one thing you need to absolutely make sure you do if you do want to if you think you're switching over to this and you're getting more specific with your targeting criteria is deselect this advantage detailed targeting because you can see even with the original targeting options the default is to reach people beyond your detailed targeting selections when it's likely to improve performance you have to turn off that expansion again not all advertisers have the capability to do that i still do in this practice ad account but not everyone does but if you did want to get really specific and maintain control you come over here you set up your detail targeting like the old school way i have older targeting tutorials that show you how to do that i'm not going to run through that here because it's not what i'd recommend most advertisers do and i think this might go away fairly soon um but you have to make sure you deselect that if that's what you want to do i think most advertisers want to use advantage plus audience as i've been talking about for this video um hence why i've done a whole tutorial on using this because i think it will get you the better results now there's one other targeting area that i haven't um yet covered and i want to quickly discuss that so i've just jumped out to the campaign level i'm going to click on this green plus create button this time i'll use a sales campaign click continue and you know how i talked about using a manual sales campaign and then being able to use everything i've talked about in this tutorial and that absolutely applies there is this option advantage plus shopping and that is the default you can see that meta's information underneath is maximize performance and reach valuable audiences with a simplified setup presets include placements age and more so what they're talking about here is with advantage plus shopping your options are limited advantage of shopping can work great though and you you've got tailored lead campaigns is the equivalent for um lead campaigns slightly different name but effectively the same process it's a tailored campaign and these can work great because they give meta a lot of control and if you're an e-commerce business wanting to sell a product range i would absolutely recommend you test it i would still say for the most part we are using more manual sales campaigns than advantage plus shopping campaigns um just as just a quick aside talking about strategy because we still feel that's getting better results but we're using advantage for shopping more and more and because it leverages metas machine learning and ai i expect this to improve in performance um over time and i want to quickly talk about this video is about targeting once we talk about the targeting options with advantage plus shopping and you'll see something similar for the tailored leads campaign option so we go ahead and click continue for advantage and plus shopping we can see we've got um the two options instead of the the three breakdown and that's because there are less options within advantage plus shopping campaign the campaign and ad set levels the separate and manual are basically squashed in together so if we scroll down again we're going to ignore the things that aren't related to targeting a lot of which are similar so then we've got this um audience location section now this is going to operate similarly to audience controls within the advantage plus audience um setup within within the new setup within a manual campaign i should say um and audience location is going to allow you to select location but it is even far more limited within location so if we click on here you can see it says here um specific countries or states to deliver ad ads to you can't get as specific with like the individual areas of like i just want to target cheltenham plus 10 miles or anything like that so if you want to do that absolutely you need manual campaign but if you just wanted to advertise countries or um multiple countries or like specific states in the us which are like the size of other countries obviously that's allowed and you can do that and you also don't have um some of the exclusions that we talked about previously that you did in that audience controls um section and then beneath that you've got this reporting section which can impact your targeting a little bit but it's not really targeting it's why it's called reporting just to quickly explain what this is so you've got define your ad accounts audience segments in advertising settings to receive reporting breakdowns between your new audience engage audience and existing customers now this is brought in to make advantage plus shopping easier to understand from a who you're actually putting ads in front of is it just all my previous customers is it people that are in my warm audiences is it new people i want to understand the split but you don't really get the option to decide i only want you to target these people or i want you to favor new audiences over existing audiences is much more for reporting um setup than it is for actual targeting really you kind of just got your location targeting and then you're just leaving it up to meta the rest of the stuff and i think for most advertisers being able to have those suggestions and those inputs particularly at the beginning with a manual sales campaign or a manual leads campaign is much more significant but i just wanted to quickly cover this so you guys are aware of what you can and can't do within an advantage plus shopping campaign now as advantage shopping becomes more and more sophisticated we will probably see more and more campaigns moving over to this and allowing meta to work out the targeting for us more and more often i don't think it's quite there yet in terms of all advertisers should just do that i think you should test it and you should see which performs best this may well do so it may well do so once your campaign's been live for a while and you're getting great results and getting conversion volume so meta can its ai can learn and optimize but for now i think most people should not just run straight towards advanced plus shopping you should at least have a play with manual campaigns learn the the basics there and you can look to move on to advanced shopping and test too and see which forms best and always be led by the data so now that you know everything you need to know about facebook ads targeting the next area of facebook advertising i recommend you check out is ad objectives and in this video here i break down the six different facebook ad objectives i explain what each one does and most importantly which ones you should use and when