Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and this is a quick video about cold audience targeting options on Facebook. Now targeting is obviously one of the most important aspects of any Facebook ad campaign. If you get it wrong, then the chances that your campaign to succeed are very, very low.

And of course the best people for any business to advertise to on Facebook are warm audiences. So that's your email list, website visitors, people like that. But a lot of businesses don't have very large warm audiences, particularly if they're just getting started.

And they need to start by targeting cold audiences. And when it comes to cold audiences, there are tons of options to choose from. If you go into the Facebook ads manager, you'll see interest, behavioural, demographic targeting options and it gets very confusing trying to work out which ones will work best for your business.

But from my experience, what I've found to be the most effective cold audience targeting option doesn't come from any of those. In fact, it's a lookalike audience. Not just any lookalike audience, but a lookalike audience that is based off people that have already taken your desired action.

So I know that sounds a little bit confusing. I'll explain what that means. I'll give you a couple of examples now.

So let's say you've got a Facebook ad campaign and you're looking to generate purchases. Well then you should target a lookalike audience that is based off people that have already bought from you, that have already completed your desired action. Likewise, if you've got a lead generation campaign on Facebook, then you should target a lookalike audience that's based off people that have already become a lead.

Those sorts of lookalike audiences are very effective. They nearly always outperform other cold audience targeting options and we use them all the time for our clients. And if you'd like help with your lookalike audiences or any other aspect of Facebook advertising, you can book a free 30-minute strategy session with me right now.

All you need to do is click on the link in the video description. That'll take you to a page on my website and you can book a slot directly in my calendar. So talk soon.

Bye for now.