I recently polled my YouTube audience and I asked them which type of cold audience targeting option produces the best results for their Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. Now the results were very very interesting. I want to discuss what they mean, how they actually differ from our own Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns because there is a difference and I find that very very interesting and what this means for your Facebook ad campaigns, which targeting options you should try, which targeting options you should be focusing on.

Now the first thing to really clarify is that we're only talking about cold audiences here, not warm audiences. And I define cold audience as people who have not interacted with your business before. So not someone who's visited your website, signed up to your email list, watched a video of yours on Facebook, Instagram, none of that.

Cold audiences. And for this poll, over 1300 people responded, which is great. It's a great data set for us to be able to use.

So much raw data. We know that because these people are part of my audience, they're going to be very much interested in Facebook and Instagram advertising. There's probably some pretty decent budgets on average being spent amongst those 1300 people.

And we can definitely use this data and extrapolate out to the sort of broader Facebook and Instagram advertising landscape. So really useful data here. Okay.

So when I asked the question, I gave three different cold audience targeting option types. Of course, there are thousands of different targeting options, specific targeting options that you could use, but I wanted to get a sense for which category of cold audience targeting option people are using and where they're seeing the best results. So the three I used were broad targeting, which is otherwise known as open targeting.

It's just being able to advertise to everyone within the location that you want to advertise in. I also selected detailed targeting as an option. That's going to be interests, behaviors, things like that.

What a lot of beginner Facebook advertisers will at least start with. And then I used lookalikes. Now, a lot of people think that lookalikes are warm audience targeting options.

They're not. A lookalike audience is based on a warm audience. That's the source, but it contains people that are a cold audience that have not interacted with your business before.

That's who's going to be included in a lookalike audience. They are a cold audience type. And therefore, when we're assessing the performance of lookalikes, we need to compare it to other cold audience targeting options as we've done with this pop.

So there are a number of really interesting things that we can conclude based on this information. Now, the first one is that there are a lot of people within the Facebook ads industry that are recommending that you just go with broad targeting. Open targeting is the only way to go.

You don't need to use any specific targeting options. That's a waste that's going to lead to worse results. That's clearly not true looking at this data.

It is in some circumstances for 44% of people, they saw their best results from broad targeting. So great. And actually that was the best option of the three that got more people saying that was their best option than the other options.

But for 56% of people that responded to this poll, they are seeing better results from other types of cold audience targeting. And this is why it is so important to test. And it's also really important to be wary of Facebook advertising advice that you give where someone says, this is the best way to do it always.

That's rarely the case in my experience. There are scenarios where yes, broad targeting will absolutely work well. And I've created a video about that and include a link in the description where if you've got a broad appeal product that lots of people, a large percentage of the population are going to be interested in, broad targeting can work for you.

If you've got lots of data in your ad account, broad targeting can work for you. But if you don't meet those two criteria, often you're better off with a different option. And that's partly what we're seeing in this data here.

The second thing to note is that the spread is pretty even. Yes, there are more people that have gone with open targeting as their best performing cold audience targeting option than say lookalike audiences. But none of these three have received say 3% of the vote here.

And in which case I'd probably be saying you can ignore that. Don't worry about advertising using that cold audience type. But the smallest one is lookalike audiences with 21%.

To me, that very much indicates that you want to be testing all three of these cold audience targeting types because there's a good chance that one of the three could work for your business. You can't just say this is the way to go or you can completely ignore this. Definitely worth a test.

The third thing that's really obvious to me as someone who's been involved in Facebook advertising for a decade now is that this changes a lot. So if you rewind a few years ago, let's say to 2019, and you asked the same question, I would expect that 70% maybe more of people would say that lookalike audiences was their best performing cold audience targeting option. We were using lookalike audiences primarily for our cold audience targeting across our clients then.

But that's obviously not what we're seeing now. That's something that's changed post iOS 14. As you can see, it doesn't mean you should ignore lookalike audiences, but they're not as powerful, not obviously the best option as they used to be, say, three or four years ago.

In 2015, if I'd have asked this question, no one would have been doing open targeting. Open targeting would have been seen as crazy. You wouldn't have given any direction.

Your results would have been pretty poor. So this really does change and it's likely to change going forward. iOS 14 really changed the sort of balance of power from lookalikes to open targeting is roughly what we've seen.

There's likely to be more changes, likely to be things that happen that lead to further shifts amongst which is the best option. So don't fall into the trap of finding something that works now and thinking that'll work really well for the next five years. It might work really well for the next year, 18 months, two years, maybe even shorter time periods than that.

And you need to be willing to adjust with the times and stay up to date with my content and other people's and find out what's working now. Because as we can see, it really does shift. Before we get into that, I want to quickly mention our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services.

So if you want my company to create, manage and optimise your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, take that workload off your hands and also help you get significantly better results, we can almost certainly help you do that. To find out more, you want to book a call with one of my team members. There's a link in the video description below.

A free call, no obligation. You can find out more about our service. We can let you know if we've worked with a business like yours before.

Good chance we have at this point. And yeah, hopefully we get a chance to work together. Now, when we look at our campaigns across the board and we take a look at which type of cold audience targeting options performs best for our clients at Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, we would see a shift from the results from my audience, which is interesting.

So firstly, we're going to see more in the open targeting category. I would say that 60, 65% of our clients are seeing their best results with open targeting. Then from the remaining 35% or so, I'd say 25% is going to be lookalike audience.

So around 25% of our clients are still seeing their best results when it comes to cold audience targeting from lookalikes, leaving roughly the final 10% to detail targeting, which is interest behaviors and things like that. So quite a difference between what we're seeing as an agency and what my audience is seeing. Now, this discrepancy makes sense.

If you think about the average business that works with us, our clients, they're going to be spending more on their Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns than the average person in my audience responding to this poll. Now, of course, there's going to be exceptions, things like that, but if we just take an average, I would imagine that's going to be the case. Most businesses will run their own Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns initially.

They'll scale up to a certain level, and then they'll start working with an agency like mine. Now, we know that as you spend more, you generate more conversion data within your Facebook and Instagram ad account. As I've already mentioned, open targeting performs better when you have more data within your ad account, because that gives meta a lot of information to be able to put your ads in front of the right people.

They don't need as much input from you as the advertiser saying, this is the ideal type of audience that I want you to target. So that's the first thing. More spend skews things more towards open targeting.

And that's why I think we would see a big difference between our number, a good 20% or so, and what I saw from the poll. Okay, I guess that makes sense. And that's something to keep in mind with your own Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns is that as you scale, you may well want to shift if you're finding better results with other cold audience targeting options to a more open targeting approach.

We also see our clients usually getting better results from lookalikes than detailed targeting options like interests and behaviors. And again, that makes sense because the businesses that we're working with are going to be more established on average than the people following my content and running their own Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. A lot of which will be quite small businesses at this point.

They're fairly new. Now, when you have a more established business, you have larger warm audiences. So you have more people that visit your website.

You have more people on an email list. So much raw data. So if you're using those as your source audience, inputting that into your Facebook ad account and creating lookalike audiences off of those, that's going to produce higher quality, more accurate lookalike audiences.

We know that the more data you can put into the source, the better quality the lookalike audience is. So if for example, you're creating a lookalike audience based off a source audience of 200 people, that is unlikely to perform as well as if you're creating a lookalike audience based off a source audience of 20,000 people. And again, because we're working with more established businesses that have larger budgets, larger customer bases, I think that the more data is leading to better accurate lookalike audiences, which is leading to better results through that cold audience content type.

So what does that mean? Well, it means that if you're relatively new to Facebook advertising, you have a new or newish Facebook ad account, you may well see the best results when it comes to cold audience targeting with detailed targeting options, interests, behaviours, things like that. As you grow, as you generate more conversions, as you build larger warmer audiences, you may want to shift to lookalike audiences and test open targeting.

That's sort of the trajectory that people go on. It's why a lot of people within the Facebook advertising industry recommend always going with open targeting because they perhaps work with a handful of really large brands that have got large brand equity that have a product or service that is very much broad appeal, a large percentage of the population is going to be interested. And for that type of business that they're working with, perhaps they own one themselves, that is definitely going to be the way to go, open targeting.

But there are tons of businesses that don't have that situation. That's not their circumstances. They could be really niched down, for example, and going after a very specific industry.

If you have a newish Facebook ad account and you're really specific, which is a great way to go, by the way, you're going to get traction a lot easier early on. If you do niche down, then it's just not going to work. That's not the best way to use open targeting for that type business.

You want to be going with much more specific interests, maybe with a combination of lookalike audiences, maybe switching to lookalike audiences once you've built up those source audiences. But just something to think about. Be wary of the one size fits all advice when it comes to targeting or anything else.

There are specific tools for specific circumstances, and that's what this poll is really showing us. Some people see great results with this, others will see great results with this. Other people see great results with this.

Now, one of the options listed here is lookalike audiences. And I find that lookalike audiences are very much underused and very much misunderstood by a lot of Facebook and Instagram advertisers. So I strongly recommend you check out this video, which is a full walkthrough on how to create lookalike audiences, which types to use, how to adjust your strategy if you are using lookalike audiences.

As we've seen, there's a good chance that it'll be your best performing cold audience targeting option. So I strongly recommend you give them a test and check out this video.