Do you know which Facebook ad setting is the most important and which option you should choose to get the best possible results for your business and the Facebook ad strategy you are using? Well, by the end of this video, you will. And if there's one thing that's more important than anything else when it comes to Facebook ads, it's getting this right.

Now, most people think that the most important part of a Facebook ad campaign, the most important setting, is the campaign objective. And that's not true, not anymore. Because you can undo a lot of the good work you did selecting the right campaign objective, which is still important, but you can completely undo that by selecting the wrong performance goal.

You can get your campaign to optimize in a completely different way to what you intend. And that's obviously going to have massive negative impacts on your results. Now, the best option for performance goal differs depending on your business, depending on the Facebook ad strategy you're using, and depending on which campaign objective you're selecting, which obviously factors into the Facebook ad strategy you're using.

So in this video, I'm going to run through the different campaign types. We're going to have a look at the performance goals. I'm going to give you a recommendation for each, and then explain why you might want to differ from the default recommendation depending on which strategy you're using, and all that sort of stuff.

Okay? So I'm over here in an example Facebook ad account, I'm in Ads Manager. I'm going to go ahead and click on this Create button, and then we're going to go ahead and select Awareness.

So if I click Continue, and I'm going to ignore all the other settings and just jump to the Ad Set level, and then we take a look at the performance goal for this campaign that's set up with the Awareness objective. Like I said, you'll have different performance goals depending on the different campaign objectives you select. So the campaign objective matters, but like I said, the performance goal is really what determines how your Facebook and Instagram ads are optimized.

So here we've got the default performance goal of Maximize Reach of Ads. If I click on the little arrow, we can see other options we've got. So we've got Maximize Number of Impressions.

Now the difference between those two is that reach is people, impressions is the amount of time seen. So you could have multiple impressions for the same person. So if you go with Maximize Number of Impressions, you'll probably have more times your ads are seen, but it'll be spread over less people than if you maximize reach of ads.

Difference between those two. Maximize Ad Recall Lift. You see Meta say, we'll try and show your ads to people who are likely to remember seeing them.

I've always been a little bit skeptical over how Meta can actually go ahead and measure that. Like how would you know if someone can remember seeing my ad or not? Very difficult thing to track.

And then you've got Video View Goals. You've got Maximize Through Play Views. So that's trying to put your ad in front of people that are most likely to watch the entire video or 15 seconds if it's longer than 15 seconds.

Or you can maximize two second continuous video play. So just I want people to have watched at least a tiny chunk of this video and you can optimize for these. So obviously you can see that these Video View Goals are going to be far more important if you are actually advertising using videos.

Not really going to apply if you're using other ad creative types. But I do think the majority of time you're using awareness, Maximize Reach of Ads makes the most sense. Now typically we only really use the awareness objective when we're using my omnipresent content strategy.

I'll include a link to the video description to a video on the omnipresent content strategy. How to set up really good for high ticket businesses that need to do a lot of warming up and convincing before people are ready to become clients, customers, etc. So we use awareness for that and mostly that alone and we're going to maximize reach of ads.

That's what we're going to go ahead and do. Now there may well be scenarios where you want to go ahead and maximize through play views, things like that. We would typically be more likely to use the engagement objective and when I get to the engagement objective I'll explain that for video views and how that works and how you might want to use it.

So I would say the vast majority of the time that we're using the awareness objective we're going to maximize reach of ads and go with the default here and that's typically what I recommend. Okay so that's awareness. Let's jump back out to the campaign level and go ahead and create a new campaign and click traffic.

Okay so if I click continue on this I'm going to go with a manual traffic campaign so I can demonstrate the performance goal options. So if we come through here and we've got, I've just jumped to the ad set level because again we've got the performance goal. Now one of the things and this is going to come up multiple times is that if you change the conversion location or the destination where people are sent that will change your performance goal and I'll demonstrate that in a second.

First I want to talk about let's assume that you're running a traffic campaign sending people through to a website right which is typically what most people do when they're running traffic campaigns. Now the default here is maximize number of link clicks. A better optimization is maximize number of landing page views.

That's a better performance goal. Now the difference between two you might think well surely those are the same things. They're not.

Link clicks are someone clicked on the ad to come through. Landing page views are they clicked and waited for the landing page to load and what that sort of filters out are a lot of accidental clicks because of course if you accidentally click on an ad you're going to quickly hit the back button you're not going to wait for the landing page to load. So typically a landing page view is seen as a more valuable thing to have than a link click.

Now in order to be able to optimize for maximize number of landing page views you need to have the metal pixel installed on your website. You need to be able to track the landing page view load and that sort of gets into the question of well if you can do that if you can track what people are doing on your website why using traffic in the first place? Why not use sales?

Why not use leads which we'll talk about um later on. Now there are specific scenarios where you would want to use landing page views you can track it but you can't track the eventual conversion. So let's say people are clicking through on your ad coming through to a landing page and then from there going on to like a third party website where you can't track whether they buy become a lead book a ticket for the event etc.

Okay we would use that. If we're sending um people directly to a blog post sometimes we use traffic because we just want people to read the article read the blog post we think that'll help later down the line it's not something we do often by the way but um occasionally that'll be done and then we'll be able to track the landing page view so we will go ahead and do that. If however we're sending people directly to somewhere where we can't track the conversion we're going to go with maximized number of link clicks because we simply can't track um the landing page views.

So there are you know that's a better optimization landing page views but I would say we could we rarely are able to use that when we're going with the the traffic objective because that's why we're using the traffic objective because we can't um track either. We've got some other goals here we've got maximize daily unique reach we've got maximize um number of conversations so this is going to matter depending on your what matter more depending on your conversion location maximize number of impressions again that's going to operate similarly to how an awareness campaign did so we're rarely going to use these options um for traffic. With the traffic objective you do have options to send people to other destinations though so instead of sending website you could for example be looking to send look traffic you'll see here through to messenger instagram whatsapp basically be able to start a conversation with people quite simply.

If we go ahead and select the um traffic goals you can see that maximize number of landing page views for example has now disappeared unsurprisingly. We've still got the other optimizations we can maximize number of conversations interestingly you can see here that the default is still maximize number of link clicks you might be thinking well surely it would be maximize number of conversations if you're sending people to whatsapp or messenger um instagram etc but this kind of gets to we wouldn't typically use the traffic objective if we're trying to send people through to whatsapp and get the conversion there or send them through to messenger we we'd be using other um campaign objectives okay so i just wanted to demonstrate that here's an interesting example where using the traffic objective you can send people through directly to instagram or facebook with the idea of getting more instagram followers getting more facebook followers um you could be using something called the instagram profile method where you send people through to instagram profile and your instagram profile kind of acts acts as like the sales page of the landing page it's got story highlights with lots of information to help convince people to convert it's got pin posts it helps that sort of thing that's a strategy that can work well um so for that you can see interestingly the performance goal um is locked at maximized number of instagram profile visits again assuming we're going to go ahead and use instagram as the option as we go further through the ad we can see we've got identity here we're sending people through to the instagram profile has been ticked if we go ahead and add on um facebook page and you can see again the performance goal is still locked at maximized number of instagram profile and facebook page visits if i just wanted to send to facebook i can do it that way right so this is the idea here mostly is let's get larger followings on our instagram profile our facebook page you can select both one of them and optimize the campaign that way and you can see that your performance goal is locked now now this is quite a specific use case for using traffic and being able to get more followers it is something that we do by the way i've talked before about priming instagram accounts priming facebook pages particularly with certain businesses if you don't have hardly any followers it's not a good look if people come through and check you out and you're advertising something that your credibility really matters in and there's you know 45 followers and there's not been any posts it's like it's good to have something going on for that credibility for that verification process that some of your prospects will go through before they work with you so being able to send some people through to an instagram profile or facebook page to get some followers is often a good idea okay so i want a little bit more complicated but i want to just cover traffic there we'll get back to the video in a second before we do i just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program now with my mentorship program me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible facebook ad results we've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees we'll pop them up on screen right now in fact 82 of people that join my mentorship program see a notable improvement in their facebook ads return on ad spend within just 30 days of joining and that's a stat that i'm really proud of there is a link in the video description below you can click on that coming through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you hopefully we get a chance to work together okay let's move on to the next campaign objective and the performance goal options that are available so we jump back out to the campaign level i'm not the campaign ad set level jump back out to the campaign level click create and then we're going to go ahead and select engagement once again manual and then i'm going to jump to the ad set level for engagement and now we can see the various options in our performance goal performance goal is just down here it absolutely depends on the conversion location so the default here as i've created this engagement campaign this doesn't always happen by the way but but often will is the default conversion locations is message destinations the idea is let's go ahead and start a conversation quickly and easily through one of the meta apps to therefore progress through to a customer so we've got here we've got messenger we've got instagram whatsapp's just not set up because this is a example ad account but we can send through to whatsapp as the different message destinations now when you have message destinations selected as your conversion location you can see that the performance goal is maximize number of conversations makes sense and that's when i was talking about the previous objectives um around having maximize number of conversations options if we're looking to do that we're typically going to go with engagement or potentially even a conversion based campaign objective if we're able to uh to track that so whilst that is an option elsewhere we're more likely to do it here if we go ahead and change the conversion location so for example sometimes we might just want a ton of video views so we could go ahead and select on your ad engagement type video views you can have other types of engagement and then you'll see just here that the performance goal matches the engagement type right so we've got that through play option that we talked about when we went through the awareness options or maximize two second continuous video plays now if for some reason you just want as many video views as possible that's all you want you're not necessarily looking forward to be able to go through and become a lead or purchase or anything like that you just i just want tons of people to watch this and perhaps it's an entertainment piece of content for example and then maximize through play views is absolutely what i'd go with we can change that so let's say we did want lots of engagement on our ad but it wasn't a video we actually wanted a post engagement so we wanted to build up lots of social proof we wanted comments and shares things like that again we select post engagement and you'll see that the performance goal um changes so maximize engagement with a post that's pretty obviously the one you want to go with in that scenario you do have other options that are going to make it act more like an awareness campaign not what i'd recommend we can go with event responses reminder set there are some other options on your ad but again if you think about the conversion location therefore dictating different things engagement campaigns are we likely to use that sending people through to a website no once you select that you have various different options as you would expect landing pages link clicks um default being conversions but we just if we were going to be sending people through to a website we're very rarely going to use the engagement objective anyway so this is just not really a scenario um that would come up um we can also go ahead and select uh facebook page now this is a little bit different to how it looks through traffic so remember when we were sending people through with the traffic objective through to our facebook page that was to send them there here we can be a little bit more specific through the engagement objective and actually optimize for facebook page likes facebook page followers um if you select facebook page as your conversion location as part of an engagement campaign your performance goal is then locked at maximize number of page likes so you know i talked about previously with traffic that you can send people through to an instagram profile and the facebook page to get to get followers if you want followers specifically on your facebook page you're better off going with this setup here as opposed to doing it through traffic um if you want to do the equivalent with instagram you still have to do that through uh the traffic objective so i know some of these things a little bit complicated i'm trying to cover a lot of options here that may come up for you as an advertiser so you can be like aha i'm looking to do that therefore this is the option that i'm going to go ahead and and use okay right let's go ahead and close this down because we've talked through the various engaging options what you'd want to use and when and now i need to jump out to the campaign level again and now let's move on and so well actually i'm going to select app first and then we're going to talk about leads so i'm going to go ahead and click continue here manual app campaign again so that we can take a look at this and then we're going to jump to the ad set level now app campaign setups are a bit different to other campaign setups because of where you're sending people through um there are all sorts of different settings and things like that not going to worry about those i want to talk about the performance goal here right so we've got a few um interesting things you can do if you are promoting an app when it comes to performance goal the default here has been maximized number of link clicks and that's because we don't have an app set up within this ad account so meta's like we can't optimize for anything a bit more juicy than that a bit more interesting because um we haven't got that set up but if you do meta is going to default to the app promotion goals most likely so you can go with maximize number of app installs fairly self-explanatory what that is i want as many people who see this ad to click through and install um the app and that's often where a lot of app advertisers stop when it comes to their meta advertising but often it can be better to maximize number of app events so let's say for example you have a premium option within your app or you sell something access related or whatever you sell something in your app that's how that's how you monetize well often it's better to go for maximize number of app events now you can still run your ads people you can either run them to people who have already installed your app to try and get them to engage again and then purchase you know some sort of in-app purchase type thing um or you can advertise you can optimize for the performance goal of maximize number of app events to people cold audiences that haven't installed your app and what this will often do is you won't get as many installs because people click through they'll install and then this setup is going to optimize the campaign to get people that will then sign up for the in-app purchase for the premium membership or whatever it is right but you will often see a better return on ad spend with this performance goal you don't get as many installs as optimizing for app installs but you get a better return on ad spend because a higher percentage of the people that install go ahead and purchase uh make an in-app purchase sign up to the premium option if you maximize the number of app events now you have to have everything set up so you need to have your app event set up and like i said this is an example ad account that doesn't have any app associated but i wanted to highlight that because that's an interesting option for um app-based businesses and no matter which performance goal you use one thing that is absolutely essential is that you have accurate data so that you can see exactly how your facebook ads are performing and optimize them properly hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for facebook and instagram ads it's a software that all the big players including myself use i use it to track the results i generate from my own ads i also use it for all my organic content as well which is really useful so someone comes through and books a call for our done for you services for example i can see exactly where they came from with a lot of accuracy and that allows me to make decisions in my business which is really really helpful and let me quickly show you how important this is so i'm in my hyros dashboard and i've isolated one of our meta ad campaigns and i've created a report for it so we can see the data and you can take a look at this so this campaign spent just under two thousand pounds generated fifteen thousand pounds in revenue but here's the really important bit reported versus revenue and in this column we can see twelve thousand pounds now what that means is that out of the fifteen thousand pounds that this campaign has actually generated hyros has been able to report on the full fifteen thousand twelve thousand pounds of which meta was not originally able to see so if we're just looking within our meta ad account not using hyros we would have seen that three thousand pounds of revenue was generated from this campaign and that is not true at all that is a much much lower roas number than the actual fifteen thousand pounds of revenue that was generated for a number of years now metas ad tracking capabilities have not been as accurate as they once were because all sorts of privacy regulations have come into effect and it's only heading that way it's only becoming more and more difficult to get accurate data and and track our results as we need to be able to do this is a relatively extreme case and the reason why is because meta has a seven day maximum attribution window and this is an ad campaign that's retargeting for one of our services that people usually take a lot longer than seven days to make a decision on so someone clicks on an ad they often won't convert within seven days meta simply not able to see that data and that's where hyros comes in the important thing is that you need accurate data and hyros takes care of that so if you want to get better results from your facebook ads without actually having to touch your ads go ahead and sign up to hyros there is a link in the video description okay let's go ahead and close that down and then we're going to go ahead and move on to leads and i keep doing that getting out the wrong stage so let's go ahead and click on this create button select leads and i've left leads and sales and you know we'll go ahead and find a bit more in the comments that we can actually use in the campaign goals um to do together and at the end because they're by far the most common campaign objectives that we use as an agency and i know my audience uses as well so let's jump to the ad set level and let's talk about performance goal so the default uh conversion location remember this is important um is instant forms so not clicking through to website not clicking through to messenger or anything like that just click on the ad presented with instant form fill out your information Now, if we go down to the performance goal, we can see we've got maximized number of leads. We've also got maximized number of conversion leads.

Now, you have to have your CRM integrated and tracking setup to be able to track conversion leads. Not that many advertisers do, but if you do have that setup, great, because you're not just optimizing for who becomes a lead via an instant form, but who then goes on to convert. Has to be within attribution windows, can all get a little bit complicated.

I will have more content on conversion leads at some point because I think that's a valuable thing to talk about. But if you have that setup, go with that option. A lot of advertisers don't, so it's fine to stick to maximize number of leads for now.

And you actually see Meta's talking about optimize ad set for high quality leads. And yeah, basically explaining what I just did. Now, if we go ahead and select website, which is one of the, I'm not gonna go through every single option here because we talked about a lot of, you know, Messenger and WhatsApp and things like that in other campaign objective options.

But if I go ahead and select website there's a conversion location here, and we see that the performance goal options change significantly. And this is one of those times where meta advertisers can really mess things up if they're not careful. So they're generating leads with their Facebook and Instagram ads, and they've selected the leads campaign objective.

Well done, you've ticked the first box, that's good. And here is where you could just butcher it. So we've gone with leads.

The default here is maximize number of conversions. That's absolutely fine. I'm happy with that.

That's gonna get you as many leads as possible. A better option though, would be to go with maximize value of conversions, once you've got that set up. So in this ad account, again, it's an example, we don't have that set up, but I can explain how that works.

Let's assume that you offer multiple different services, and you're generating leads via your website for those different services. Now, most likely, some services are worth more to your business than others. Therefore, if you generate a lead for one service, that lead might be worth three or four times, a lead for another service.

If you go with maximize number of conversions blankly, then Meta will just try and get you as many leads as possible, as many of that conversion event as possible, whatever it is you're optimizing for. But if you go with maximize value of conversions, and Meta knows, and you can set this up, you can go through my pixel tutorial that shows you how to set up value associated with different conversions. Then what Meta can do is they can go, oh, okay, let's put a higher weighting, let's be willing to spend more for this type of conversion over this type of conversion, because we know it's worth more money.

So if you can get that set up, absolutely go ahead and go with maximize value of conversions, that's the best option. But I'm mostly happy with you using either of these two options for whenever you're using the leads campaign objective as your performance goal. There are other goals that you can use once you select website.

You can go with landing page views, you can go with link clicks, you can go with maximize daily unique reach, maximize number of impressions. Now, even though you've selected the leads campaign objective, if you go with landing page views or link clicks, that in my mind is gonna function exactly as a traffic campaign. It's not gonna optimize for people who actually become a lead, or even better, the more valuable leads you generate.

It's not gonna optimize for that. It's gonna optimize for landing page views, link clicks, which is basically a traffic campaign. If you go with unique reach, number of impressions, that's optimizing just like an awareness campaign.

So you might as well have just used awareness. And I really want to get this across because it's easy to think, well, I selected the right campaign objective, it will therefore optimize for leads. No, not if you go come in and select some of these other options.

It won't necessarily do that, okay? So there are some other options to quickly touch on within the leads campaign objective. So we can select messenger, for example, and the options here is performance goal are slightly different to if we were selecting messenger as the conversion location via the engagement objective.

And this is a bit more restrictive, so you can see the performance goal is locked at maximize number of leads. That makes sense. You'll see a similar thing.

If we select Instagram as an example, WhatsApp has a bit more flexibility. You know, we've got maximize number, well, not flexibility is not the right word, but we've got maximize number of conversations, as opposed to the next step. Again, I'm getting warnings because we don't have WhatsApp set up on this ad account.

So you will see that even if you think, okay, I've got, this is my conversion location, this is how I've set things up, whether you're using the lead campaign objective, or say the engagement campaign objective, that will affect what performance goal you use. But just always keep in mind, it's the performance goal that determines how the campaign will be optimized, what meta will do to get you the results that you want. And it's the campaign objective and the conversion location that determines which performance goals you can use.

So just wanted to quickly go ahead and touch on those. Right, let's minimize that down. And then let's talk about the final campaign objective.

So if I go ahead and create a new campaign, and select sales, and then come in here. Again, we're gonna use manuals so I can talk through the options. And then I jump to the ad set level.

And then here we've got our, well, our conversion location performance goal, which we now know work in connection with each other. So the default here is website, send people through to your website and get them to go ahead and convert. And the default performance goal is maximize number of conversions.

Again, we don't have it set up within this ad account, because it's an example ad account, but I'd much rather you went with maximize value of conversions. And I actually think that it's much more important with a sales campaign than it is with a leads campaign, because with a leads campaign, often it's quite difficult to track and be able to know the value of different leads and things like that. It's still a step you should take, but it's absolutely essential that you do it if you're using the sales objective.

Let's say you're running ads to an e-commerce store. It's very easy if your pixel is integrated with say a Shopify store, for that data to be fed back in your ad account and meta to know exactly, okay, this customer bought $60 worth of stuff, this customer bought $150 worth of stuff. Right, let's put ads in front of people that are more similar to the $150 customer, as opposed to the $60 customer.

That is gonna improve your return on ad spend. It would be the default in this ad account if we had this set up and linked and things like that, but we don't. But definitely go with maximize value of conversions.

If you're operating using the sales objective, most likely sending people through to an e-commerce store. If you just sell the one product, you can go with maximize number of conversions, because it doesn't make any difference, right? All customers are worth the same.

And again, watch out for landing page views, link clicks, unique reach, impressions, because just like with the leads campaign objective, you can come through and mess up your optimization and make it function just like a traffic campaign, or make it function just like an awareness campaign, if you go ahead and select one of those. So really be careful with that. You do have other options.

You can see these are grayed out. We've got website and app, because there's not an app set up, but we've already covered app options, performance goal options as part of the app based campaign objective. We've got message destinations as well.

So if I go ahead and click on this, and we can see that we've got, just like we've got before, the very, well, we've got only got two of the three, because like I said, WhatsApp isn't set up here. Of the three message destinations, you can see the performance goal is locked at maximize number of conversations. Again, if we're looking to start simply conversations via these platforms, we're more likely to use the engagement objective.

So just not something that comes up all that much. I haven't really touched on calls that much going through this, because I know that I've pulled my audience on this, and very few people use these. I will be talking about generating calls directly from campaigns in a separate video where I'll cover that, because obviously it has popped up a few times as part of the conversion location options, which impacts performance goal.

But with a sales campaign, which is probably the single most common campaign that you guys will be using, it's actually really simple performance goal. Go with website, maximize number of conversion value, maximize value of conversion, sorry. Make sure you get that set up, and you're good to go.

And this is what we're gonna be using as a conversion location nearly every time we're using the sales objective, and I imagine you will be the same as well. And another thing that I want to mention around performance goals is that, if in doubt, go with the default option. Now, I've run through lots of different scenarios here, so hopefully you can go through and see exactly which one you should use.

And there are absolutely times where we deviate from the default option. You'll have seen that going through this video, right? Where I've gone, okay, in this scenario, use this, but actually change it for this, don't use this, that sort of stuff.

But if you are confused and you're like, I just don't know which way to go here, going with the default will normally mean you're okay, provided you have selected the right campaign objective to begin with. So obviously make sure that you get that right as well. But if you've gotten that right, when it comes to performance goal, the default will normally mean you're okay, even if it's not quite optimal.

For example, changing from maximize number of leads to conversion leads or something along those lines, okay? But I just wanted to highlight that and say, if in doubt, it's always good to have a simple, easy thing to remember, and that's to go with the default. Now, you know exactly what you should be selecting for your performance goal.

We've been through that, but there are obviously a whole load of other things that you need to get right to get the best possible Facebook and Instagram ad results. And I show you all those other things you need to get right, all the settings that you need to use in this video here. In that video, I walk you through an entire campaign creation process from scratch, very much beginner friendly, but covers all the details that even intermediate and advanced Facebook advertisers might've gone, oh, I'm not sure what I should use there, not sure what I should use there.

Go through the video, you'll find out, make sure everything's right, and get the best results possible. So if you haven't already, go ahead and check it out, and I'll see you soon.