We need to talk about Facebook advertising. Now, there's been a lot of negative press recently about Meta as a company, and that's led to a lot of advertisers worrying, understandably so, about the future of the business, but also the future of Facebook and Instagram as advertising platforms. And it's important to a lot of people that watch my content.

They rely on Facebook and Instagram ads for client customer acquisition. It's a big part of their business, and without that, they'd need to find alternative sources. Maybe their business wouldn't be profitable.

Maybe their business wouldn't even be viable without this platform. So I really need to talk through some of this stuff. And this is stuff that I think about a lot, and I take this threat, this platform threat, very, very seriously, because my business is a Facebook and Instagram ad agency.

I have 30-plus people working for me. We have over 100 clients. I have hundreds of thousands of people that consume my content.

So the stakes for me could not be higher around the future viability of this platform, what's going to happen. So I spend a lot of time thinking about the likely future. So what I'm about to say is not spur of the moment, anything like that.

It's very much thought through, and it is through the lens of someone who's taking the potential risks to the platform very, very seriously, given all the people that rely on me for that. So let's start by talking about the recent news that came out that people have reacted pretty poorly to that isn't overly positive about Meta as a company. And that's they released their quarterly numbers, like they have to do every quarter because they're a publicly traded company.

And in Q3 2022, they were significantly less profitable than they have been previously, particularly when you compare the same quarters, you compare Q3 of 21 or 20, significantly less profitable. Now, within that, when you dig a little bit deeper, you will see that their revenue is pretty consistent when you compare year over year quarters, but their costs have increased massively, and that's accounted for the drop in profitability. And their costs have increased massively for obvious reasons.

Mark Zuckerberg is putting a lot of time, focus, resources, money into building the Metaverse. He sees that's the future of Meta, and that's very expensive to do. And actually, in response to this drop in profitability, he's decided that they're going to lay off around about 11,000 people to cut those costs and bring the profitability back up.

Now, I think that the Metaverse is not the best bet, not likely to pay off, and I wish that Meta wasn't focusing on that. I wish that they would ditch that project and focus more on Facebook and Instagram platforms and improve it for both users and us as advertisers. I think they're likely to get there at some point.

How long that'll be, who knows? But that recent report obviously was not good for the company. No company wants to show a big drop in profitability.

That's going to cause the share price to drop, which has happened, and that's going to cause a lot of negativity in the market. But here's something that I really want you to understand if you are a Facebook and Instagram advertiser. The profitability of the business, the share price of Meta does not actually affect you.

You are not an investor in the business. It's different objectives. The value of Meta to investors is the share price.

If that drops, that's bad. The value to advertisers in Meta is the users in Facebook and Instagram. Those are the people that we want to reach because we want to sell our products, services, et cetera.

So instead of looking at the profitability of Meta and trying to work out, is this a viable ad platform? Is it going to run into issues going forward? Instead, you should be looking at the user base.

And the user base of both Facebook and Instagram has remained very steady for a number of years now. In North America and Europe, user numbers are pretty stable, virtually haven't changed for a few years. It goes up and down a little bit.

In the rest of the world, we're still seeing moderate growth. Now, of course, we're not seeing the massive explosive growth that we saw first with Facebook and then with Instagram because once you get to about 3 billion total users, there's just not that many more people you can keep adding on. The constraints of the planet's population, how many people have access to smartphones and things like that start to become an issue.

But the user base right now in these quarterly reports is very consistent. They have to report on that as well. Now, a lot of Facebook advertisers are conflating the two, as I said.

They're seeing a drop in share price. They're thinking, this ad platform is a sinking ship. Let's leave.

It's only the drop in the user base that would really worry me as a Facebook advertiser and as someone who's built a business around Facebook advertising. Because if the users aren't there, there aren't the people going on these platforms all the time for us to be able to put our stuff in front of and get their eyeballs. That becomes a real issue.

We're not going to be able to generate sales, leads, et cetera, and we're going to have to look elsewhere. But whilst that isn't happening, I think a lot of the concerns that Facebook advertisers have are very much unfounded. They're just looking at the wrong thing and paying attention to what is sensationalized media.

And that's just not a good move and not a good way to plan your business or plan your future marketing efforts. So in a nutshell, this drop in share price, which is as a result of a loss of profitability as opposed to a loss of users, is not something that you and me need to worry about as Facebook advertisers. And actually, ironically, it might actually be a good thing.

Now, when this news comes out, despite what I've just explained, there are going to be advertisers that see that and think they shouldn't be advertising on the platform and they're going to leave or they're going to scale back their budgets. There are new businesses being created all the time and there would otherwise be lots of new people advertising on Facebook and Instagram that maybe are going to go to TikTok or YouTube or some other platform instead because of news like this. That's actually fantastic for us that are going to stay on the platform.

The cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is set by competition. It's an auction system. If you were to remove all other Facebook advertisers from the whole world and I was the only one that was able to advertise on the platform, I could literally become a billionaire in a matter of days because I could hoover up all that attention, all those hundreds of millions, billions of people's eyeballs for next to nothing, sell just about anything and it would work incredibly well.

It's why Facebook advertising in 2014, when I started, was a lot less expensive than it was, well, than it is today and each year it got more and more expensive because more and more competition joined the platform. Now, with a lot of this more negative press and there has been negativity around a lot of the iOS 14 changes. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Any other advertisers that leave, that's good for us, those of us that are going to stay because that's going to reduce the cost of advertising. Most of the time we would measure that in CPMs and that's great because if the ads cost less, we're going to see higher return on ad spend numbers, we're going to see more purchases, more sales and higher profitability. So actually, if you're committed to the platform and you're going to stick around, you kind of want the news to get as bad as possible and as many other advertisers to sort of get scared and leave as possible as long as the user base isn't affected.

So that's the leading indicator. That's the thing we really need to watch out for. And to help highlight this point, there's actually a little experiment that you could run right now or a data point that you can check that will help verify what I'm talking about.

For many, many years, the cost of advertising on Facebook and the cost of advertising on Instagram was virtually identical. You would see same CPMs. And CPMs, by the way, cost per thousand impressions is what we usually measure to assess the cost of Facebook ads.

Because if we're looking at cost per conversion or cost per click, that's so dependent on the quality of the ad, targeting, all that sort of stuff. Whereas CPMs is a really good metric to use to assess cost. And for years, Facebook and Instagram were very, very similar.

However, if you look at your data now, it is likely that you will see that your CPMs on Facebook are a good chunk less than your CPMs on Instagram. Why? Is it because Instagram is the more effective ad platform?

No, it's because advertisers see Instagram as the cool, trendy platform where younger people are and they are more likely to want to spend there and put more of their budget there. And that creates an opportunity for those of us that are going to continue advertising on Facebook because the CPMs are decreasing. Now, by all means, I usually recommend that you advertise on both Facebook and Instagram, but that shift in advertiser behavior is really positive for us.

And if you want to have a look at this, you could just go to one of your campaigns, go and select breakdown and then take a look at the by platform data, take a look at the CPM column and see what the difference is. It's very common to see, for example, a CPM in Facebook of $25, let's say, and a CPM in Instagram of $35. Those numbers can vary massively depending on location, industry, all that sort of stuff.

But that's the sort of discrepancy that we're starting to see that certainly wasn't there a few years ago. Now, how do I know that isn't because Instagram is actually more effective? Well, it's not what we're seeing from the work that we're doing with our clients, but also I polled my YouTube audience and I asked them, which delivers the best results for you?

So we're not looking at CPMs here, we're looking at your cost per result, your return on ad spend. And most people said that Facebook was the more effective platform and that's what we're typically seeing. Two or three years ago, I would have said it was 50-50.

Some of us are going to see better results Facebook, some with Instagram, your ad budget is going to be split accordingly. Facebook's meta is going to be able to work that out for you. But now because more and more advertisers are moving away from Facebook, it kind of has a worse name.

They want to go after the trendier, cooler Instagram platform. How do you do fellow kids? What?

We're seeing cheaper, more supply, cheaper options on the Facebook ad side of things. And because of that, we're now starting to see better results on Facebook than we are on Instagram. And just on that point, there's another something I want to highlight that I've spoken to a lot of business owners about.

And that's they often say that they want to advertise on Instagram because that's where the younger people are, for example. And I like to highlight the fact that the number one determinant of someone's wealth is age. And actually, would you rather advertise someone that's 23 on Instagram or 53 on Facebook?

Now, the average age differential is not 30 years, but just go with me with this example. Well, actually, most products and services you'd much rather advertise to the 53-year-old, particularly if it's going to cost you less to reach that 53-year-old than the 23-year-old, because the average 53-year-old has a lot more disposable income than the average 23-year-old. Now, of course, within that, there are all sorts of products that are more applicable to younger people, et cetera, and things along those lines, right?

But in general, advertisers, marketing, it's not seen as cool to advertise to an older demographic, even though older people actually have more money and are more likely to be able to afford whatever it is you're advertising, or it's at least an easier decision for them to just go, yeah, I'm going to go ahead and purchase than someone in their 20s or maybe someone in their 30s that's got costs on family and all that sort of stuff, right? So that's just a little aside to basically say don't ignore Facebook because you think Instagram is the cooler option. Okay, so in a second, I'm going to explain what I think is likely to happen going forward with these platforms.

I've sort of addressed some of the current ongoing concerns people have right now, but what's likely to happen in the future? Because that's obviously going to play into your decision-making process and how much time, effort, resources you put into these platforms. Before I do, just want to quickly mention our done-for-you services.

So my company can create, manage and optimize your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. We can take it off, take that workload off your hands, almost certainly help you get better results. If you're interested in finding out more, you can click on a link in the description below.

That'll take you to a page on our website where you can book in a call with one of my team members. We do have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement, so please only book a call if you meet that or you're about to be in that sort of range. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together.

Okay, so what's likely to happen to Facebook advertising and Instagram advertising going forward? I think this is definitely something that needs to be addressed because I've described that I think Facebook and Instagram ads are fine right now, but if they were to be going away in a couple years' time, that's not something you want to build a business around. So that's something that we need to discuss and I need to explain.

So let's start with Facebook ads first. It is true that the younger demographics are not joining Facebook. It's a well-known phenomenon now that people do not typically join social media platforms that their parents are already on.

So people who are turning, let's say, 15 and joining social media platforms, a lot of people do so younger, but let's say around that age, they're not going to join Facebook because their 45-year-old parents have been on Facebook for more than a decade. They're just not going to do it. So that means that most social media platforms have a life cycle.

That 15-year-old's far more likely to spend a lot of time right now on TikTok because their parents are on Facebook and that's just the way these things go. So does that mean that Facebook as an ad platform is going to last forever? And I'm separating Instagram for a second.

Probably not. I think it's likely that it will die at some point. So the question becomes when.

If you take the current user base and you sort of go through with them, I think that's what's likely to happen. I don't think that the current user base, people in their 30s, 40s, 20s to some extent, and people in their 20s, some of them are on the older 20s, not some of the younger ones, and people in their teens certainly aren't. But let's say we've got people in our 30s and up on Facebook.

Well, they're probably going to stay for the most part and they're going to age through the system. Of course, we're going to see some drop-off, but they're going to age through the system. So what does that mean to the platform?

I think it means that for the next 10 years, we're absolutely fine. If these people continue to be active on this platform, those are a lot of the people we want to reach. I mean, you may well have a product that's advertised at 18 yards.

If you do, great. Facebook as an ad platform is probably not for you. But for the vast, vast majority of us that are very happy to put our ads in front of people in, let's say, next decade, it's absolutely fine.

And yes, after 10 years, the older generations, you know, people die. They're going to start not being on the platform. They're going to become less involved.

And we're going to keep that process going. So I would expect Facebook to be absolutely fine for another decade. Between 10 and 20 years from now, we're going to start to see just a slow decline.

And then there will reach a bit of a tipping point where all of a sudden it drops off. But I really don't see that happening anytime soon. So that's what I see happening on Facebook itself.

And these things could all change, by the way. I'm going to talk about some potential wildcards in a minute. Then we've got Instagram, which is different.

Younger generations are joining Instagram, not as much as they are TikTok, but there's more of a replenishment rate. And the Instagram audience in general is going to be a decade or so younger than the Facebook audience just because of when these things first became popular. So you can basically, I think, apply the same process what I just talked about where we're golden for 10 years with Facebook.

Between 10 and 20, we see a slow drop off and there may be something more significant. I think you could do the same process with Instagram but add on another decade. Within my working career, do I expect Instagram ads to not exist?

No. I think that is very much likely to continue for 30 years or so. Instagram users are continuing to grow and I don't see anything drastic happening with that anytime soon.

If you're wanting to plan your business and your future client acquisition, you can absolutely work on this platform and use it to grow your business very much so. Now there is a wildcard, an extra sort of interesting note with Instagram that I want to mention. And that's that a lot of the younger users that would otherwise be on Instagram are on TikTok.

Now TikTok has been banned in India. Given its connections to the Chinese government, it's quite likely that other countries, in my opinion, will follow suit. I would not be at all surprised to see some of the Western European countries ban TikTok, maybe North America, depending on, you know, who happens to be in charge at the time and what they want to do.

And the reason will be security concerns. That's what India stated as their reason for banning TikTok was security concerns. Now if that were to happen, all these people aren't going to stop using any sort of social media platform.

They will instead move to something else. Well right now, that would be Instagram. Instead of spending that time on TikTok, they would jump over and spend the time on Instagram Reels instead.

So this is something that is a bit of a wildcard. We don't know whether it's going to happen. I think it's more likely than most people expect that TikTok really could be banned in certain countries.

And if they happen to be really significant players, Western Europe, maybe even the EU, the US for example, that would be absolutely devastating to platform. That would cause a ripple on effect and other people would probably leave and then we'd see them on another platform. And most likely at the moment, most of those people would go over to Instagram.

Now of course, no one can predict this stuff 100%. There may be new social media platforms coming up, although that has become quite rare in recent years for anything new to be able to break into the existing sort of sphere, the existing world of social media platforms. Even platforms that have had really big issues like Twitter, they've been well publicized.

They keep going. Once something becomes big and entrenched, it seems very, very difficult to get knocked off its perch or move aside by something else, which happened a lot more in the early days. The rate of change amongst these platforms has very much slowed down.

And I just feel that if you're a Facebook advertiser and you're not wanting to commit to this platform because you're worried about the future viability of it, I really don't think that's going to be an issue anytime soon. And as I said, I'm talking to someone who is massively exposed to that risk. I've always been honest on my channel.

I've always told you about new features, changes that are good, changes that are bad, what I think is likely to happen. I think that's been really important to the growth of my channel is being able to just be like, here's what I see. And it's not like I'm always sunshine and rainbows about Facebook ads as a platform.

I've released many videos saying things like this is a bad feature, don't use it. This is within Meta's interest, not yours. And that's what I'm being here.

Take this threat very seriously. I've talked to other experts in the industry and over, let's say, at least a 10-year period, I am not immediately concerned. And actually, the worse the news gets, the more advertisers leave, the lower the cost of Facebook advertising is.

That's great for those of us that can continue advertising on the platform. And given all that, I'd strongly recommend you check out this video. It's a full Facebook ads beginner's tutorial.

I walk you through the entire process of setting up your first Facebook ad campaign, from setting up your business manager in the first place to getting your targeting right, ads, all that sort of stuff. Definitely go through it. There's all chapters so you can skip through to the relevant part.

Go ahead and check it out.