Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about the only two scenarios where you want to use the traffic objective with your Facebook ad campaigns, because there really aren't just two. Before I get in touch, I want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already. Okay, so I'm in an example ad account here.

I've got the campaign creation window up, the thing you see when you click on the big green plus create button and I've got traffic selected as the campaign objective. Now this is something that a lot of Facebook advertisers use, particularly when they're first getting started. They think traffic, yeah that's what I want, send people to my website, send them to my landing page, send them to opt in for my webinar, send them wherever, that's what I want, great, that's what I want for my advertising platform.

It's only when you dig a little bit deeper you start to realise actually is that what I want or do I then hope that once they get there these people who I'm sending to my website go on to take another action like purchase or become a lead or whatever. Actually yes, nearly always you want them to take another action, therefore you would usually want to go with something like conversions which allows you to directly optimise for that action. So you can say to Facebook don't just send me a bunch of traffic, I don't really care about traffic, I want purchases, I want leads, go out and get me those.

However that doesn't mean that we never run traffic campaigns, there are scenarios where you will run traffic campaigns. Two to be precise, the first is where we cannot track conversions. If you cannot track conversions, there's no point running conversions campaign you would be better off going with traffic.

When does this happen? One of the classic examples is sending people to an Amazon page. Let's say you sell your products via Amazon instead of and you simply cannot install pixel code and track conversions and run a conversion run a conversions campaign as a result, therefore traffic is going to be the better option.

And there are other options that operate similarly to Amazon if for example you're sending them to a page on Spotify or lots of other third-party locations. There are various sort of event booking softwares, some have tracking capabilities, some don't. But if you cannot track conversions then we're going to go ahead and use traffic.

Wrapped up in that is just going to be scenarios where you can't track the next action. And this can sometimes be where you've got let's say a custom website build setup that doesn't allow you to track conversions. I mean most of the time my advice in that scenario would be get that fixed and change it so that you can install pixel code and you can actually get conversions tracked.

In fact I'll include a link in the description below to talking all about installing Facebook Pixel and all that sort of stuff because not having the Facebook Pixel installed is not one of the reasons to use traffic campaign. The answer there is to get the Facebook Pixel installed and then run conversion campaigns. But if you've got like a custom setup on your website you can't run conversions um yet because you can't get the Facebook Pixel installed.

Yes you could run traffic but really I'd rather you got that fixed. But as I said there are scenarios like when you send people to an Amazon page or something like that where you simply cannot track those conversions in which case go ahead with traffic. The other option, the other reason when we use the traffic campaign objective is when all we really want is the click.

Okay so let's say we're advertising a piece of content, an article, blog post, something like that, and all we want is people to click through and read it. Um we will sometimes use a traffic campaign. Now we may use reach if it's part of an omnipresence content campaign but there are times when we use traffic and there are various sales funnels people recommend where you send people to say an article like a cornerstone piece of content that helps warm them up and then you can retarget with a conversions campaign.

Not something we do a huge amount of but can work well. Those are the scenarios in which we traffic. Those are the only two scenarios in which I like using the traffic campaign objective.

Effectively when it's either actually what you want or there's no alternative or not a better alternative. I do not use traffic um as let's say a top of funnel campaign objective to then use conversions afterwards. Almost never.

I won't for example send people with a traffic campaign to a product page on a website to then retarget with conversions. Nope, better off just go straight to conversions. I will not use traffic if I'm only generating say 10 conversions a week and I don't get out of the learning phase.

Much better off using conversions. I've tested that so many times because I get questions about it all the time. You are better off using conversions even if you don't get out of the learning phase you will see better results.

I don't use traffic um because clicks are cheaper. Clicks are cheaper with the traffic campaign but that's not a good enough reason to use traffic. There are drawbacks with the traffic campaign objective.

Facebook is going to optimize for link clicks. Maybe landing page views depending on your settings. What does that mean you might get?

You might get a lot of accidental clickers and Facebook thinking it's done its job and putting your ads in front of clumsy people with big thumbs. That happens. You might think it doesn't.

It happens. I can assure you. Um there are lots of times where people use traffic campaigns when they shouldn't.

When they should be using conversion campaigns because they can. Or lead generation or something else like catalog sales for example that's more um optimized towards your end objective. But for me only two scenarios because you can't use conversions or because it's actually what you want.

You just want them to read your content. I'd be very interested to hear if there are other scenarios in which you use it. Please let me know in the comments below.

Um I doubt I'm going to agree with other scenarios even though I'm sure I'm going to hear a lot. But uh be good to let me know and I will engage in the comments stuff like that. And before you go actually something I want to quickly mention and that's a free webinar I've created called One Facebook Ads Technique to Super Challenge Your Results.

And in this webinar I talk through the single most important Facebook advertising technique that you have to get right if you want the best possible results with your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. It's a completely free webinar. It's about 40-50 minutes long.

Link is in the video description below. Go ahead and check it out. I think you'd be very very happy that you did.

Um it's likely to make a huge difference to your results if you can execute this technique very well. And I show you exactly how to do it in the webinar. Um before you go comment below to let me know what you think of this.

Comment below if you've got other times when you use traffic objective if you agree agree disagree all that sort of stuff. Please hit that thumbs up button. It really helps me out.

And of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and you haven't done so already. Okay thanks a lot guys. Bye for now.