I talk to a lot of business owners and service providers and for a lot of them one of their biggest challenges is their conversion rates. This is particularly the case if they offer a relatively expensive service, one that costs a thousand pounds or more and I've talked to people where their conversion rates are as low as five percent which means they need to meet with or talk to at least 20 prospects to get one new client. That's exhausting, that's incredibly time-consuming and they often end up building out quite expensive sales teams in order to get enough clients through the door.

Now obviously one of the biggest factors that influences your conversion rates is the quality of the leads that you're generating but what affects lead quality? Now you might say that it's their budget, buyer's intent, how far they are down the sales funnel but one of the things that I found, one of the biggest factors that I found that affects lead quality for you specifically is how many times your prospects have been exposed to your business, to your message and to your methodology. So when I have my own prospect calls, when I have my own sales calls and if someone says I see your ads on Facebook all the time or I've been following your stuff for quite a while, I know that that person is far more likely to become a client.

By being omnipresent to that prospect, by showing up in their Facebook newsfeed every single day, I've become the only marketer that they want to work with and they've become a really fantastic high quality prospect for me but that doesn't mean that they'd be a high quality prospect for another business for someone that they don't know. In fact they're unlikely to be a high quality prospect for them at all. And having many many touches with your prospects massively increases your conversion rates.

With a platform like Facebook it's not difficult or that expensive to show up every day to a small group of people that are your core target market. And when you can become omnipresent and when your prospects are ready to work with you before they meet with you or before they pick up the phone, converting becomes so much easier. You could be a really bad salesman and still convert at 30, 40, even 50% on your sales calls.

And in fact sales calls are no longer sales calls, they're just conversations where you're establishing whether you're a good fit for your prospect and your prospect is a good fit for you. It takes all the stress out of it, makes business a lot more fun. So get out there and dominate your prospects Facebook newsfeed, show up every single day and you'll reap the rewards in 30 to 60 days time.

Bye for now.