Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you how to create the most valuable custom audience. Now custom audiences for those you don't know refer to groups of people that have already interacted with your business. So custom audiences can include website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook, all that sort of stuff.

Now different custom audiences have differing value levels because obviously some people are more engaged than others and therefore more likely to buy your products and services when you advertise to them. So I'm going to demonstrate, I'm actually going to be a bit sneaky here and demonstrate two custom audiences and the reason I'm going to demonstrate two is because the most valuable custom audience will depend on your particular setup. The first one is the most valuable as is the title of this video but not everyone's going to actually have this as an option.

So here I am inside an example Facebook ad account. I'm in the audiences tab so if you're coming to ads manager and you think, well hang on how'd you get here? Just click on these three little lines and then you'll see audiences from the top there.

Okay, I'm just going to reload this and what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you how to create this custom audience. Actually before I do I want to quickly mention that at the end of this video I've got a couple of free Facebook advertising related stuff for you that I think you're going to find very interesting so make sure you stick around for that. So ignore all of this stuff, this is an example ad account, there's all sorts of things in here.

What is the most valuable custom audience? The most valuable custom audiences for businesses where this applies are custom audiences that include previous customers. If you offer a product or service that people can buy again, you know repeat purchases are an option which they offer probably most businesses or you have a product or service range whereby perhaps someone has bought one of your options and could be sold one of your other options which again a lot of businesses will tick that box.

Then the people that have already bought from you previously are without question the best custom audience for you to target and the most profitable audience when it comes to retargeting, when it comes to well to be honest when it comes to any sort of Facebook ad campaign. Now this does assume one very important thing that that's that they had a good experience the first time. If you're selling a poor product or a service and your customers don't have a good experience, well okay these people are not going to be very good to advertise to because they're not going to want to buy again.

But assuming that that's not the case which I know it won't be for the vast majority of people, businesses you deliver a high quality product or service, the people that have bought from you for are more likely to buy again because they know the quality, they know what you can do, they have a previous interaction with you, they know that you're trustworthy etc etc. So how do you go about advertising to people that have already bought from you before, how do you create that custom audience. So you want to be in this audiences tab, you want to select create audience, select custom audience and there's a few different ways you want to you can do this.

I would go ahead and select customer list. You may have lifetime value, so if in your customer list you have a column whereby you've assigned like a sales number, a revenue figure alongside each customer, fantastic then you can go ahead and upload that. For most people that's not the case, that's what this is about, so you just want to go ahead and select no.

Most people just have a customer list with sort of people's details on it. Okay so you just want to go ahead and click upload file, grab that, pop that in there. You can also copy and paste in data by the way so you can just click on that little option there and copy and paste in data if you've got it from a different source not a csv file.

Example customer list will do just fine, I'm going to click next and then you just want to click on the size that we've got so you can say for example that that's email and you could say that that's name. This isn't going to work properly because this is just an example customer list, there's not actual real data on here. Then I can go ahead and click upload and create, boom it says it's being processed, it won't be processed, it can't be because as I said you know it's not real data, it's just example data.

So I won't actually be able to run an ad campaign to this custom audience but when you upload your real customer list then you will be able to do that which is which is fantastic. I said that is the most valuable customer, the most valuable customer audience is people on your customer list, previous customers and whether you have to take a bit of time to export that from your CRM software or whatever it is that you use, it's well worth it because it's actually something that I find that Facebook advertisers ignore quite a lot is their previous customers and you think why? They always want more customers, more customers and you're like okay yeah great everyone wants new customers but why don't we see if we can sell three times as much stuff to existing customers, what would that do for your business, how much would that increase your sales and your revenue?

Oh and by the way it's probably a lot cheaper to get an existing customer to buy twice as much from you than it is to get someone brand new to buy from you in the first place. Okay so that's something to really keep in mind. Now I said I'm going to give two highly valuable, two most valuable Facebook ads custom audiences and the reason is because not everyone has a customer list.

If you're just getting started you're going to have a customer list. In that case and this only really applies to e-commerce businesses but it's worth stating, add to carts is a fantastic custom audience to target and a highly highly valuable custom audience. So to target people that have added to cart but not purchased, you want to come in and select create custom audience with the blue button then select website as I've done there and then this assumes you've got the Facebook pixel installed on your website, your shopping cart platform whatever which is obviously going to be essential to be able to track and then target people who have added to cart.

If you don't have that set up then check out the link in the video description there'll be one to a Facebook pixel related video shows you exactly how to set that up all that sort of stuff. Instead of all website visitors here you want to select add to cart. Now you can see that this is an example ad account I only have page view so that's what I'm going to use to demonstrate this.

In my opinion you want to make the time frame as large as possible even if someone added to cart three months ago doesn't mean they're not going to buy from you now still a very very valuable customer audience target. Of course Facebook knows who added to cart yesterday versus who added to cart three months ago and they're going to start advertising to the people that added to cart yesterday first because they're likely to produce the better results. Facebook's smart enough to work that out which is why I like the really like so I would call this uh add to cart 180 create audience boom now if you wanted you could exclude people from this and if you've got purchase again we haven't this is an example ad accounts we haven't got purchase set up if you had purchase you could select that as purchase and exclude people who purchase so you could be specifically creating a custom audience from people that had added to cart within the last 180 days but not actually gone through and registered a purchase within the last 180 days.

Again a very very valuable custom audience that's just a little extra that you could do if you wanted to very very valuable custom audience to target um something I'd recommend you target anyway even if you do have a previous customer list there's no reason why you can't target more than one custom audience but this was all about the most valuable customer audience and to create I'm just going to click quickly I'm going to quickly click create that it's difficult to say um so yeah so if you have a previous customer list and you are offering products or services where people can either buy from you again the same thing or they can buy other stuff that you offer which applies to the vast majority of businesses very few businesses are true one size fits or product or service if you don't have that as an option try retargeting those add to carts create a custom audience from those people again very very valuable you might see that your cost per purchase advertising to these people is let's say 20 30 percent of what it is advertising to cold audiences which is massive okay hopefully that's useful before you go something I'll quickly mention is a free webinar I've created called three killer facebook advertising strategies to double or more your revenue which strongly recommend you check this webinar out it's about hour long 70 minutes long it details three facebook advertising sales funnels in a lot of detail all these sales funnels perform really really well we've generated more than a million dollars with every single one so go ahead and check those out link will be in the video description completely free to watch but strongly recommend you do that really help your facebook advertising performance and the other thing is my facebook ads mastermind group so my facebook ads mastermind group is a free group um free facebook group that there's over 31 000 members right now fantastic community full of facebook advertisers people answering questions asking questions helping each other out um I do live trainings in a free live trainings all the time strongly recommend you go ahead and join again link in the video description we'd love to have you in there and of course our facebook advertising services so if you are spending more than three thousand dollars per month or want to spend more than three thousand dollars per month then we can create manage optimize your facebook ad campaigns for you and really help you get better results than uh than you're currently getting and probably what you thought was possible we've been able to do that with uh with tons of our clients so if you meet that criteria and you'd like to find out more about our services book a free call with me the link is in the video description to a free strategy session page where you can book a strategy session you can pop it right my calendar at a time that suits you we can have a quick informal chat work out you know how we might be able to help whether we think it's a good fit and go from there okay thanks a lot guys don't forget subscribe to my channel like this video comment below to let me know you enjoyed it or if you've got any questions i will get to them and i will talk to you soon thanks bye