Facebook ads can still work for you when you're getting started, you just need to create slightly different campaigns. And I'm going to show you how to do that right now. Let's head into Facebook's ads manager and click on the green plus create button.

That'll bring up the campaign creation window and I want you to select conversions as your campaign objective. Now, there are lots of people that will tell you you can't use conversion campaigns in a new Facebook ad account. Don't tell them I told you this, but they're wrong.

You can use conversion campaigns in a new Facebook ad account. We do it all the time and here's why. On average, you get 74% more leads and sales when you do so.

So unless you love throwing money away, use conversions. Then I want you to click continue, scroll down to the campaign budget optimization section and turn that on. Now it's time to set your daily budget.

People tend to do one of two things when they first start running ads on Facebook. They either set a tiny budget and then wait around while nothing really happens or they go all out because they're convinced that this very first Facebook ad campaign is going to be life changing. The best approach is to start with a budget that is large enough so that it means something to you, but it won't put you or your business in any sort of difficulty if you lose it.

Then it's time to head over to the ad set level. Now, you may notice that I'm skipping over a ton of different settings and options. Don't worry, I'll explain exactly what to do with those in a second.

Next, you need to scroll down and select your conversion event. To do this, you will need to have the Facebook pixel correctly installed on your website and your conversion event setup. If you haven't already done that, check out another video of mine in the video description below, which shows you exactly how to set up and install the Facebook pixel.

It's a good one. Then scroll down to the audience section. Here's where you need to do things a bit differently when you're just getting started.

Soon, you'll be able to use awesome features like custom audiences. But for now, you want to focus on detailed targeting. And I've got an incredibly complex, incredibly difficult process for finding great detailed targeting options.

I'm only joking. It's very easy and takes me about 14 seconds. Just scroll down to the detailed targeting section and search for a broad term that's related to the products and services that you sell.

Then click on suggestions and Facebook will provide you with a load of relevant targeting options. Write down the best 8 to 10 options that come up and you can save those for testing later. For now, just use the one that you think is likely to work best and if necessary, delete the original.

Don't overthink this. It's also important that you only select one targeting option per ad set. Then move on to the location targeting section.

Then change the default at the top to people living in this location. Now it's time to choose where you want to advertise. You want to simply start by advertising the locations that the majority of your customers are likely to come from.

If you're a local business, then that might be a certain area around a town, city, etc. You can be really quite flexible with the area that you target. If you operate nationally or internationally, then it's absolutely fine to start by targeting the entire country or countries that you want to.

It's now time to select the age range that you would like to advertise to. This is simple. What's the age range that the majority of your customers are likely to fall into?

This is going to vary a lot depending on businesses and that's absolutely fine. If in doubt, remember that a wider age range is better than a narrower one. Next, languages.

If your customers speak Spanish or your customers speak French, you can add those in and get more specific. Most people though will be fine using all languages. Then moving on to the placement section.

As you can see, Facebook recommends that we use automatic placements. But can we trust them? Yes, provided you use the conversions objective, it's fine to go with automatic placements.

Now, I've skipped over a lot of settings and options here and that's on purpose. If you change any of the settings that I haven't mentioned, I will hunt you down. Not really, you'll just probably mess up your results.

Then head over to the ad section. Now, the ad section is a complete minefield for beginners. If you don't have any customers yet or you're just getting started, I would keep things really simple and just copy your competitors.

Yes, really. There's a really easy way to spy on your competitors' ads. Work out which ones are delivering great results from them and then model from those to create your own ads.

And I show you exactly how to do that in this video here. And you don't have to do any cool spy stuff, which is a shame, but it does make the ad creation process a lot quicker and a lot easier.