Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about the best form of brand awareness from Facebook Ads. What's the best way to do brand awareness, to grow your brand, to build that name that you want to build in your industry using Facebook Ads? It's probably not what you think.

I think this video is going to be really useful if you have thought about branding and using Facebook Ads to grow your brand and it's a great platform to do so, but it's a bit of a different tactic I'm going to show in this video. Before we get into that I want to very quickly ask for you to smash that like button and subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. Okay, so I am in an example ad account and I've got the campaign creation window up in front of me and if you're, you know, an experienced Facebook advertiser, new to Facebook Ads, most people will come in here and they will think, I want to grow my brand.

I know that brand is a really important thing and by the way, if you're involved in digital marketing at all, it absolutely is. It's why a lot of dropshippers really struggle and business like that really struggle is because they have no brand associated with their business and brand just goes such a long way to helping you convert, to allowing you to charge higher prices. It just means everything.

It's so, so important. It's very much underappreciated digital marketing. But if you're aware of that, you're aware that brand is important, you want to grow your brand, you'll come into here and you'll take a look at brand awareness as a campaign objective.

Okay. And you might think, great, that's obviously how I go about building my brand using Facebook Ads and it's certainly a way that you can do it. If we hover over this little I, the information that Facebook provides, I think this is quite interesting and helps inform what I'm about to describe.

Now, when you select the brand awareness objective, what Facebook's going to do is they're going to show your ads to people who are most likely to remember them. Now, to a lot of us Facebook advertisers and me included, that sort of sounds a little, a little vague. Like, what does that mean?

How can Facebook work out who's most likely to remember my ads, to recall my ads? And it sounds like a little bit of a wishy-washy metric. And I know that Facebook is good at working these things out.

And I know that when they say, look, we're going to put your ads in front of people who must remember them, to some extent, they're going to be able to do that, right? But no one, perhaps have people within Facebook that know, but no one externally that I'm aware of knows exactly what that means or how they calculate that. And I think it can leave a lot of Facebook advertisers, they put some money into a brand awareness campaign and they're sort of left scratching their head going, what did we get out of that?

Was it worth it? Was it profitable? Did it grow my brand?

All that sort of stuff. And I think it can leave a lot of business owners, marketers, entrepreneurs who run brand awareness campaigns feeling a little bit lost, a little bit like they didn't really get much out of it. That's certainly an experience, something that I've seen a lot of people experience.

And I think that the way I like to approach brand is quite different because I have this conversation with clients often where they say, okay, we'd like to dedicate a proportion of our budget to brand building as opposed to just say direct to offer campaigns where we're trying to get as many customers as possible. And perfectly happy to run brand awareness campaigns. And we've done plenty of that.

We still are doing that with clients because we do think they have their value. But I would encourage you to switch your mentality around brand awareness and think around what really grows a brand, what really builds a brand. And by that, just think about how you interact with brands.

What does a brand mean? For me, I feel that a lot of having an established brand, having a successful brand in an industry means that you have name recognition. Where does that name recognition come from?

Obviously, advertising is part of it. But also, and I think more importantly, recommendations. I think that for a company to resonate with you when you hear it, when you see their marketing for things like that, often, you need to have been recommended their products by friend, family member, work colleague, whatever, or at least perhaps seen someone you know use the product, or even maybe not someone you know, but someone you trust, like an influencer.

Often it comes from a recommendation from a source that you trust. And not just ads on ads on ads on ads. Okay.

And if that's how, if that's one of the most effective, in my opinion, the most effective way to bring brown, build brand awareness in a population is to have people that they trust, use the product or service recommend the product or service. Yes, you can use influencer marketing, but also getting your product or service, I mean, in this case product, getting your product in as many people's hands as possible is, I think, a fantastic way to build your brand and very much underappreciated. Now think about it, and you could apply this to a service as well.

I've said product, but you could have a service like a restaurant in a local local town, you want as many people in that town to come in as possible. That does fantastic things to build your brand only but only if your product or service delivers a fantastic customer experience. So if I'm working with a company and I'm thinking about building a brand in a specific basis, say it's an e-commerce company, I am going to try and acquire as many customers as I can.

And then I'm going to be fanatical about making sure that their experience is in keeping with my brand and as noteworthy and as fun as possible. And you can see a lot of companies are starting to do this really well. So you make sure that the price point is great on that initial transaction, and by great I mean irresistible.

I'm going to talk about that a bit more in a minute. You make sure that all your packaging is absolutely on point and it's a fantastic customer experience, that it's delivered on time, that your customer service team is available and ready to answer questions and all that sort of stuff, that you're fun and creative and you don't just have the standard email receipt but you put some fun stuff in there. There's all sorts of marketing case studies around people that wrote email autoresponders where people just sent their receipt for what they've bought.

But it's really fun, it's talking about things like puppies are gently licking your package to prepare it for you whilst elves are wrapping it up in you know some sort of perfectly designed environmentally friendly wrap to send it on your way. There's lots of examples of companies doing these sort of things. That I think is such good branding because then when that person receives that product and it's a great quality product and you're different and noteworthy and the messaging, the little like all the confirmation form within the parcel itself is really well thought through and it's designed beautifully and it's fun and it makes them laugh and it makes them smile and it talks about stuff that's important to them.

That person is so likely to show people in their life that oh look what you know I just got this from this company take a look at this package I got how fun is the packaging how you know look at read what they put in here it's so different to the usual stuff. To me that is an amazing way to build a brand is to focus on all that customer experience stuff around your product or your service you could have a restaurant in a local town and you you have a complete point of difference like perhaps when people walk in you give them a free glass of something um like a like a free cocktail for example very few places will do that that's more akin to when you go to like a wedding or event like that you get those sorts of things um perhaps you do that now I don't say you have to do it forever because you're thinking I can't do that for the cost but perhaps if you're running a big marketing campaign trying to get as many people in your restaurant as possible and you do that at the beginning for the say the first couple of months that could get so many people in your local town that one thing could be the difference between someone coming to your restaurant tomorrow having a good time and then never telling anyone about it or going to your restaurant tomorrow having an amazing time and having to tell all the people they work with about it in their office the next day um because you you you had a point of difference you delivered something different that makes them want to tell people want to come in again and again right hopefully you can think through how that sort of thing would work so be fanatical about that experience I think that is perfect for brand awareness so how would you go about doing something like this well let's say you're an e-commerce company I'd be looking to run conversion campaigns because we know that conversion campaign is the best way to let's say sell product and what would I be looking to do I would be looking to acquire as many customers as I physically can because I know that all my product in front of that many people it's going to have them telling friends family etc about it and that builds my brand and if you're very lucky you might even get people with uh influencer status and clout talking about your product or service so you run a conversions campaign you I I'm not saying everyone needs to do this because I appreciate that there's financial uh difficulties with a lot of this I would look to either offer something free if I'm an e-commerce company or massive discounts don't care about making money on that first transaction build a massive customer base and know that I'm going to make the profit in the long run by building a brand by delivering such a good experience by encouraging these people to buy again that is what I'd look to do and I said you could do the same with the service you might you might not make as much money getting all those people into your restaurant and giving everyone a free cocktail when you walk in um as you otherwise would because that's one less drink they've bought you've had to pay for it yada yada yada um you know maybe that's not a good example I don't know that industry very well but I'm just sort of thinking of things like that but that month two months of doing that sort of thing might set you up for the next 10 years in your community and you can do it with all sorts of service providers you want to deliver an experience customer experience that is noteworthy that is different and better than your competition to the point where people feel like they have to tell their friends and family about it I can guarantee you've bought a product you've used the service where you felt like you had to tell people about it oh you have to try that place out it's awesome it all that sort of stuff okay and that is the experience and where the facebook ads comes in and why this is such a huge part of this is you run a convergence campaign not a brand awareness campaign to get people to remember you you run a convergence campaign to drive as many people as possible you do that by really low prices fantastic introductory offers maybe even something free to get people in and you know that you're going to make money on the long run with the word of mouth with the uh referrals with the repeat purchases and that's what I would really encourage you to do and for me what I've just described there is the best way to do brand awareness we've done this with some brands that went from nothing to very recognizable in their industry exactly because of this approach and yes the numbers don't quite look as good as they otherwise would in the first six months maybe even 12 months but three or four years down the line these businesses are 100x where they would have been if they hadn't taken that approach of aggressive customer acquisition being their brand awareness strategy and then being fanatical about customer experience okay hopefully that that makes sense right before you go a couple things i want to mention the first is our facebook ad services so my company lead guru we create manage optimize facebook and instagram ad campaigns for our clients and we do have a 3k per month minimum budget so if you do meet that criteria and you're being interested interested in working with us then you can go ahead and book a free call with one of my team members there'll be a link in the video description below just go ahead and click through to our website you can book a call just a free 30 minute no obligation call we can talk about how we might be able to help if we've worked with a business like yours before you can let us know about what it is you're looking to achieve we can tell your pricing all that stuff and basically see if we'd be a good fit as i said we can only work with businesses to have at least a 3k monthly budget so um so make sure please only book a call if you meet that criteria otherwise we'll be able to help you other free thing i want to mention is my facebook ads mastermind group so um i've got a free facebook group 100 just under a hundred thousand people in the group amazing community full of facebook advertisers all full of facebook advertisers just like you and me and i do free live trainings in there i produce con put content in there again link is in the description in the video description and it's completely free so go ahead and uh and join we love to have you and um yeah if this video has been useful thumbs up please uh subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already and comment below to let me know comments are always very much appreciated comment below if you've got any questions and and yeah best of luck with facebook ad campaigns guys best of luck with your new approach to building a brand now you know how important that is and i'll talk to you soon bye for now