Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to quickly talk about the best type of Facebook ad for e-commerce businesses, the type of ad that you should be using if you're selling products online. So the best type of Facebook ad for e-commerce businesses from the testing that I've done is a carousel ad. And a carousel ad is an ad format whereby you can display multiple product images, so you can advertise multiple products at once in a sort of sliding carousel.

So each image has got its own call to action, it's got its own headline and users when they see this ad on Facebook they can scroll through. You've probably seen the sort of ad that I'm talking about. Now for e-commerce businesses in particular, carousel ads have many advantages.

So the first thing is of course you can advertise multiple products at once which is really useful because different people within your target market are going to be interested in different products that you offer and they're able to see, oh I'm not interested in that product but I can see that there's a couple of others that I am and they can scroll through and click through. Whereas if you were just advertising that one product, anyone who's not interested in that one product is obviously not going to click on your ad and not going to come through to your store and make a purchase. With carousel ads you can also make sure that each product image links to that specific page on your website.

So they can go there directly and make a purchase. Instead of just sending people to your website in general and hoping they navigate to find each product, each individual product image in your carousel can link directly. It's a massive advantage.

The images in carousel ads are also square, they're not rectangular which actually means they take up more vertical space in people's Facebook news feeds and of course the more space they take up the more likely the ads are to be noticed. The ad is also interactive which makes it a lot more interesting. Users can scroll between the different products and that added engagement is going to help hold their attention and Facebook is very intelligent in how it shows carousel ads.

So once your ad has been running for a while they'll work out which product image is working best within your carousel and then automatically put that one at the beginning so that when people first see your ad that's the one that's right in front of them. And of course using multiple images that advertise a number of different products really helps with ad fatigue. So if you were just advertising one product to the same audience over and over again they're going to become bored and fatigued with that ad very quickly.

Whereas if you've got a carousel ad that advertises four or five different products you can run the same ad to the same audience much longer because it's going to update and change as new products are put in front of them from within your carousel ad. Now most e-commerce businesses advertising on Facebook still aren't using carousel ads and they're really missing out because from a lot of the testing that we've done we've got a lot of clients that have e-commerce businesses and we found that carousel ads nearly always outperform single image ads. So if you do have an e-commerce business I'd strongly recommend you try them out.

And if you are looking for help with your Facebook advertising campaigns we can almost certainly help you with that. Lead Guru my company is a digital marketing agency that specialises in Facebook advertising and we've run campaigns for many many different businesses in many different industries. So whether you're looking for leads, sales, webinar registrations, to build an email list, grow brand awareness, we've done it before and we can almost certainly help you get what you're looking for.

So if you are interested in working with us you can let us know by leaving a comment below or you can click on the link in the video description that'll take you through to the contact page on our website and you'll obviously be able to get in touch there. So hopefully we'll speak soon but either way I want to wish you the best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns. Bye for now.