I've got something really exciting to share with you today. It's not something new. In fact, it's actually quite old, ancient in digital marketing terms.

And because of all the changes to Facebook ads over the past couple of years, it's now working really well again. It's called the lead magnet strategy. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how it works and how you can use it to get amazing results today.

So the easiest way for me to explain how the lead magnet strategy works and how you can use it to get great results for your business, I'm going to first demonstrate what the sales funnel structure looks like. And then we're going to talk more about the various elements because that's really important. So initially, obviously, we have our Facebook ad being pushed out to cold audiences on Facebook and Instagram.

In this case, it's a video ad and it's trying to get people to click through to a landing page where they can opt in for our lead magnet. In this case, we're using the five-part Facebook ad template. That's what this ad is designed to do.

If they go ahead and come through to this page and then provide just sort of thing you're used to, right? You provide your name, your email address. They then get taken through and given the five-part Facebook ad template.

There'll be emailed lists. There'll also be redirected straight to it. In the five-part Facebook ad template, we've got a number of different ads that people can consume, useful information for our audience.

And then there's a call to action at the bottom that encourages people to go through and book a free strategy session, which is the step where someone needs to take to fully become a lead of ours and potentially go on to be a client of our agency services. Okay, that's the most direct route. In addition to that, we're also obviously people have opted in, right?

So we've got their email address and provided we've got the right permissions, we can email them again to try and convince them to become a lead and sign up for a strategy session. And we can also most pertinently to Facebook and Instagram ads, retarget those people on Facebook and Instagram. Here, I've got another video ad of one I use that had my dogs out the table and it grabbed my attention and worked really well, as you can probably imagine.

But it's trying to convince people to book this free strategy session. Now, you can swap this out obviously for a product page on your website where people can go ahead and buy. You can offer all sorts of different products and services here at the end.

But one of the things that, one of the reasons why this structure, and we're gonna talk more about the elements in a second, why this structure works so well, it's working so well now, is the extra touch points that you get in very quickly and relatively seamlessly, okay? Now, this is something that was done for years and people knew about the lead magnet strategy and used it all the time. But as Facebook got more and more sophisticated, more and more Facebook advertisers moved to a direct to offer strategy.

So what that looks like is simply, you've got this ad over here on the left and you're just sending people straight to either become a lead or purchase on the right. And as Facebook's machine learning process got smarter and smarter, they could work out the people that were likely to take that action and these campaigns perform well. And we still use direct to offer, by the way.

I'm not saying you shouldn't do that anymore, but that strategy has gotten less effective as Facebook's visibility over the actions that people take and as they're not able to collect as much data anymore. So as their visibility has decreased, they can't see what people are doing, they have less data. Facebook's finding it harder to work out who is willing to jump all the way from step A all the way through to becoming a customer of yours.

So what we need to do is warm them up. And there are various ways of doing that. The lead magnet strategy is a great way of doing that.

We have so many more touch points, right? We've got the landing page. We've got the lead magnet itself, which is delivering a lot of value, developing that relationship, helping convince the prospect that they should be working with us, buying from us as opposed to other people.

We're emailing them. We're retargeting them. These are lots more touch points that you can get in very quickly, often within just a few hours of them interacting with the initial ad, but definitely within a few days, et cetera.

And that extra relationship building, that extra nurturing is so, so key. And that's why with some of the changes to Facebook ads and their now limited visibility over their users and the data they have on people, we're needing to warm them up. And this is working really well.

Okay, so a really important component of this Facebook ad strategy, this forgotten Facebook ad strategy, the lead magnet strategy is the lead magnet itself. So I wanna quickly run through some examples, some ideas. I think you're gonna find that really useful.

Might get the juices flowing in terms of what you could create in terms of a lead magnet, because getting this right is key to having this strategy succeed. Okay, first we'll go through the various types. You could create a report or a guide.

You could create a template like my five-part Facebook ad template. You could have an automated or live webinar. I use webinars all the time as lead magnets.

So you can check them out in the video description below. There'll be at least one link to a webinar you can go ahead and check out. Quiz or surveys, one that people don't often think about, but can fit particularly for a lot of e-commerce businesses.

Resource list, have you taken the time to compile a load of information that your users would find useful? Free trials, if you're offering software, something like that. Video training, another way of doing a report slash guide, but obviously in video format, if you can and prefer to do it that way.

And then of course, sometimes it's just pricing and sales materials. Give me your email address and we'll tell you how much this costs or we'll send over the information pack on how this works, right? So those are the various types that lead magnets will typically take.

Now let's get into some specifics. Let's assume, I'm gonna use all different types of businesses here. Let's assume you're a violin teacher and you sell courses online or something like that, or maybe you sell real life services.

You could have a lead magnet, either in the form of a free guide or video training, how to tune your violin in X minutes. I would imagine that's something that people who play the violin would be interested in doing. Hiking boot retailers, so company either online or even a physical store that's looking to sell hiking boots, you could offer a free quiz as a lead magnet, find out which hiking boots are right for you.

I buy hiking boots, I don't really know the various types, what I'm looking for, probably don't have the right type. So you could have a quiz that asks people, are you hiking in dry country or wetlands or is it really cold or is it hot? And you could have a quiz that sort of spits out the right answer for that person.

They're gonna find that really useful, you're gonna develop that relationship and you can function it so that you have to grab their email address in order for them to see the results or something like that. You've probably seen the sort of thing I'm talking about. Okay, let's take an accountancy practice.

We could have five new accounting requirements for small business owners in 2022. If that's your audience that you want to reach and there have been new rules, legislation brought in, that's something that people might find really useful. That's kind of like a report guide, bit of a checklist sort of thing.

Great, that's a great lead magnet, people are gonna be really interested in that. If you're a health and fitness blog, you could have a three minute desk workout to minimize back pain. Something nice and specific that you know a lot of your audience potentially suffer with and you can help them out with, that could be a great way to build your email list, get them signing up for a lead magnet to be able to retarget them.

Let's take the example of a cycling retailer. So a business that sells, you know, bikes and apparel and helmets and water bottles and all that sort of stuff. Well, they know their audiences might be really interested in doing cycling challenges, you know, cycling from A to B or up mountains or things like that, right?

You could put together a resource list, the top 10 cycling challenges to do in a certain location, okay? That'd be a good example. A graphic designer, more on a B2B side, seven logo design templates for tech startups.

If your target market is tech startups, something like that could work really well. Templates like that make people feel like they can save themselves time, great lead magnet options. Here's some other examples.

Let's say you're a martial arts gym, specifically Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, something I did for years. You could have the ultimate list of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competitions in X in a certain location. Having been someone that did Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, it was really hard to find out where the competitions were.

There wasn't good resources online. That could be a great thing if that's who your audience is who you're trying to reach. And then finally, a wedding photographer.

What sort of lead magnet could you produce? Well, what's your audience interested in? How to prepare your wedding venue for beautiful photos.

You could have that in a webinar, a video training, a report, a guide. That's gonna be super useful for your audience. That's exactly what they're gonna care about when they're thinking about hiring a wedding photographer.

So some examples there, obviously unlikely that those specific examples are gonna work for your business, but hopefully that gets you thinking about all the various different things that you could potentially use as a lead magnet for your business when testing this out. So before we move on, let's quickly talk about results and what you should be aiming for with a lead magnet campaign. That first initial campaign that you're advertising to cold audience to get them to opt in for your lead magnet, not the one that you're then going to retarget with.

Here's an example, okay? So here's an example screenshot from a Facebook ad account. You can see that in this campaign, well, a few different campaigns, but in this account, we spent just over 20,000 pounds, generated 17,500 leads, leads being email opt-ins in this case, for a cost per lead of £1.17 each.

Now that's very good. I think that if you can generate a cost per lead with your lead magnet campaign for less than $3 each, whatever that happens to be in your local currency, you're doing pretty well. This is obviously going to vary a lot depending on industry.

If you're doing this in a B2B space, it's often more expensive. If you're doing it in say health and fitness where there are tons of potential subscribers, you can often get the number cheaper than that. But I just wanted to give an example because I know that's something that people often wonder and want to know.

Hopefully that's helpful. Now, before we talk about another Facebook ad strategy that we want to use alongside the lead magnet strategy, which is really interesting, I want to quickly tell you about my company, Lead Guru, which is a specialist Facebook and Instagram ad agency. We create, manage and optimize Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for our clients.

We have a track record of improving results for the businesses that go on to work with us. So if you're interested in that, you can book a free call with one of my team members. There'll be a link in the video description below.

Free, no obligation, 30 minute call. Find out more about our business. We can find out more about how you work.

We do have a 3K per month minimum budget requirement. So please only book a call if you have that budget or about to get to that level. But if you do, we'd love to work with you.

Now in this video, we've talked about an old Facebook ad strategy that's making a comeback, but that doesn't mean you should ignore new Facebook ad strategies that are being developed. In fact, I found a whole new way to advertise on Facebook that is delivering fantastic results. And you can see exactly how that new strategy works right here.

In this video, I show you exactly how to implement this new Facebook ad strategy. I walk you through the entire Step by Step process. It's really easy to follow and it's incredibly effective.

Go ahead and check it out. Go ahead and check it out.