In this video, I'm going to address something that I haven't specifically talked about before, but it is the single most important setting within a Facebook ad campaign. Getting it wrong can absolutely destroy your chances of getting great results. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly which options you want to use.

I'm talking about the performance goal setting, what used to be called optimization for ad delivery. And when it was called optimization for ad delivery, it was buried down at the bottom of the ad set level. It has now been moved up much higher in the ad set level.

And I'm an example Facebook ad account with an example campaign created, just a quick leads campaign to show you this. And we can see that at the ad set level, which is where I am right now, if we scroll down, we've got this performance goal with a number of different options. So this is the setting that I'm talking about.

And I think that a lot of Facebook advertisers get this wrong. So I want to specifically talk about it and talk about which option you want to use, depending on which Facebook ad strategy you're using and depending on which campaign objective you're using, because that will determine which options are available. So for example, this is what we get as the default for a leads campaign.

But if we just close this down, I'll jump to the campaign level. And then if we quickly create another campaign type, so we've got a leads campaign, let's say we create a sales campaign, for example, and we go ahead and create that, we jump to the ad set level, and then we can take a look at the options we now have for our performance goal. We've got maximized number of conversions instead of maximized number of leads.

And we've also got some other goal options like maximized number of landing page views, maximized number of link clicks, daily unique reach, maximized number of impressions. So a number of different options there. And if you go with different campaign objectives, again, let's jump back to the campaign level, click create, and then create a quick traffic campaign as an example.

If I click continue on this, then click on the ad set level, scroll down to performance goal. We've got the default, which again has changed, maximized number of link clicks. And we've also got some different default options, maximized number of landing page views.

And then we've got some of the other goals in here as well. So the campaign objective that you select determines which options you see within the performance goal setting, different options for different campaign objectives. But what actually is the performance goal?

What does it mean? Why is it so important? The performance goal determines how your campaign is going to be optimized by meta.

Basically, what is meta going to try and get you more of? And that might sound like something relatively small, but it is absolutely huge. The effect of this cannot be underestimated.

And I'll explain why. So I've jumped back over to the sales campaign. I'm in the sales ad set to demonstrate this because it's a really powerful way of showing this.

The default here is maximize number of conversions. Now, assuming you've got the face of pixel installed in your website, you're tracking people that go through to your website and purchase. By maximizing number of conversions, you're basically saying to meta, I want to get as many of those conversions, in that case purchases, but it could be other types of conversions as possible.

So put my ads in front of people that are most likely to convert. I want as many conversions for my budget as we can get. If however, I was to change this for maximize number of conversions and click into the other goals and say, for example, go with maximize number of link clicks, then instead meta is going to put our ads in front of people that are most likely to click.

Now, you might be thinking, well, surely the people that are most likely to click are also the ones that are most likely to convert because why would anyone click on an ad unless they're interested? And there is logic to that statement, but that is absolutely not how this plays out in real life. Meta is really good at finding people that are likely to take certain actions over others.

If you go with maximize number of link clicks, meta is going to find people that are very clicky, that click on things. It might be accidentally, by the way, and therefore they're going to put ads in front of them and the meta machine learning process will be like, great, we got the advertiser what they wanted, which was lots of link clicks. Whether they go on to convert or not just doesn't matter.

We've achieved the objective. That's why it's so much more important in this scenario to go with conversions. And this data is a little bit old.

I imagine it's even more of an impact now, but I was talking to a meta rep who said that on average, if you optimize for conversions over optimizing for link clicks, you get 74% more conversions using the same budget. So who wouldn't want 74% better results? That's massive.

That's the difference between a campaign being profitable and not profitable, a campaign being scalable and not scalable. It could be business changing. You absolutely want to go with the right option when it comes to performance goal, which when you're running a sales campaign is almost certainly going to be maximize number of conversions, or at least it's definitely not going to be maximize link clicks.

And the effect of selecting the right performance goal can be broken down even more specifically. So if you run a split test where you run a campaign that is maximizing number of landing page views versus maximizing number of link clicks, you will see very interestingly, very different results. Because there are lots of people that will click that perhaps won't be bothered to wait for the landing page to load.

Or they're just the type of person that, you know, is big thumbed and clicks on things accidentally all the time. There are those people out there. So when that happens, the metamachine learning process will go, ah, we got the click.

Well, the landing page loaded or not, we got the click. We've achieved our objective. We did it!

We did it! We did it! We did it!

We did it! We did it! Whereas if you go with maximize number of landing page views, they will only register a goal being met if if someone does wait for the landing page to load.

And if you look at the difference in say the conversion rate between a campaign that is optimizing for maximum number of landing page views and a campaign that is optimizing for the maximum number of link clicks, it's massive. It's not just a little bit, it's completely different. And this applies all throughout Meta's optimization process, their automatic optimization process.

If you optimize for people for the add to cart conversion event versus optimizing for the purchase conversion event, you will get a lot more add to carts, but probably significantly less purchases optimizing for add to cart. Because again, somehow Meta is really good at finding people that love to add things to cart, but don't actually go ahead and purchase. Whereas if you go ahead and select purchase, you're gonna find people that are far more likely to go through and purchase.

And when you're thinking about who you're putting your ads in front of or who Meta's choosing to put your ads in front of, there's a relatively small group of people. It will be less than half of all the Meta users that contribute almost all the purchases, leads, et cetera. And advertisers are competing for those people.

If at any point you allow Meta to put your ads not in front of that group, but in front of the other group that don't really purchase, don't really become leads, they will do it because they've obviously got all this ad inventory to fill with those people, even though they very rarely take those actions. So by optimizing for link clicks or landing page views or anything that isn't the thing that you really want, your ads are gonna be put in front of those other people that are far less expensive to reach. And that Meta wants, it has all this ad inventory to fill, even though they're far less likely to convert.

Okay? So hopefully I've sort of hammered that point home to death that you need to get this right and you need to optimize for what it is that you want. Now that doesn't mean you always want to go with maximize number of conversions, which might sound a little bit strange given what I've just spent the last few minutes talking about, but it'll make more sense in a second when I show you which performance goal you want to use, depending on which strategy you're using, because it does want to differ.

And that's really, really important. But before we do that, I just want to quickly let you know about our done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. And if you want results like this or like this, there's a link in the description.

You can click on that and book in a call with one of my team members. So let's start by talking about the Facebook advertising strategy that we use most often. And that's simply called direct to offer, which is just directly advertising your products or services looking to generate leads or sales.

Now, if you're in that situation and you're running a leads campaign, you're directly advertising your services, perhaps with a free consultation, free quote, free survey, something like that, then you'll be in a leads campaign. We've got our leads ad set. We click into edit in the ad set and the default performance goal here is maximize number of leads.

And if we click on this option, we can also say maximize number of conversion leads. That will depend on how your tracking and your CRM is set up in with your Facebook ad account. It's kind of a different topic.

Some advertisers will be able to use this. And if you can go ahead and do it, the vast majority will be going with maximize number of leads. And that's absolutely fine.

You can go with the default. If you're using the direct offer strategy and you are running a sales campaign, if we close this down, let's say you're looking to directly generate purchases from your website, for example, you're an e-commerce store or you sell online courses or something like that. If we jump into the sales ad set, we'll see that the performance goal default is set to maximize number of conversions.

When we click on here, I certainly wouldn't recommend you use any of these other goals. So don't use link clicks, don't use daily unique reach impressions, anything like that. What you might want to do is switch to maximize value of conversions.

Now, I can't do this. You can see it's grayed out in this ad account because this is just an example ad account. We don't have all the appropriate tracking setup.

But let's say, for example, you've got your Facebook pixel integrated with a Shopify store. What you can do then is, well, this will happen automatically. The data from that Shopify store will be fed back into your Facebook ad account.

And they'll not just include information around how many purchases were generated and how much each purchase cost you as an advertiser in terms of advertising cost. It'll also show you how much each one of those purchases was worth. And by selecting this option, then you are saying to Meta, not only do I want you to get me as many conversions as possible.

So in this case, as many purchases possible, but I also want you to try and get me higher value purchases if you can. So we all know that if you've got an e-commerce store, some people are going to go ahead and buy $10 worth of products. And other people are going to go ahead and buy $500 worth of products.

That information is really valuable. And by going with this second option, if it's an option to you, which I would recommend, what you'll often find is you'll generate less conversions, less purchases, but they'll be more valuable. And overall, your overall return on ad spend will be better.

So for most advertisers that can select maximize value of conversions, instead of maximize number of conversions, I'd recommend switching over to that option when running a direct offer campaign using a sales campaign. Then we need to briefly touch on traffic. So if I just jump over to this traffic ad set, the default here is often going to be maximize number of link clicks.

One of the reasons why that's the default is because if you can track landing page views, you can probably also track conversions and therefore you want to be using a different campaign objective. But if for whatever reason you are able to track landing page views, but not conversions, I would definitely go with that option over the maximize number of link clicks. Otherwise, I would go with maximize number of link clicks.

If you just basically can't track anything after they click on your ad, and I would once again, ignore the other goals. The reason why they didn't put in a separate section, you can use them if you want to, but it's probably not going to get your best results. Now, we very, very rarely use a traffic campaign, right?

If we're running direct to offer or we're running like a lead magnet strategy, we're going to be using sales campaigns, leads campaigns. We're not going to be using traffic unless we can't track conversions. In which case we're forced to use traffic.

Let's say we're advertising an affiliate offer or just somewhere where people click and then they go on and convert somewhere else where we just aren't able to track. Those options fortunately are shrinking. We're able to track more and more locations where you send people, which is great, but they do still exist.

That's when we use traffic. If you are running the omnipresent content strategy, one of the other three strategies that we use all the time, you want to be using the awareness objective or the reach objective. You've got the old campaign objective menus.

So if I just jumped to the campaign level and then quickly create an awareness campaign and click continue here. And then we jumped to the ad set level of this awareness campaign. We see that the default performance goal is maximize reach of ads, really quite different.

And that's the option that you want to go with. If you click in here, you'll see that there are a few other options. If you're using video, there are some that are specific to video, but I think reach makes the most sense because if you're familiar with omnipresent content campaign, the way they work is you are taking a relatively small group of people and you want to ensure that your ads are being put in front of them again and again and again.

So you want as much exposure within that audience as possible. We're not necessarily looking for some of these other objectives that we could aim for. And that's part of the reason why we're using an awareness campaign or a reach campaign in the first place.

The performance goal is the most important setting, but the most important part of the Facebook ad campaign is the ad itself. And in this video, I show you a really easy way to put together really high quality ads, including a tool that I use to put together ad creative in just a few clicks.