Hi guys, it's Ben Heath and this is just a quick video to let you know about my new YouTube membership program. So for those of you who aren't aware, YouTube offer membership as a feature, which means that for a small fee per month, you can become a member of my YouTube channel and members are going to get certain advantages, certain perks. The first of which, the main one being priority reply to comments.

So obviously as my YouTube channel has grown, as I've gotten more and more views, it's become impossible for me to keep up with all the questions and comments that people leave on my videos. And often those questions or comments could be really important. They could make or break someone's Facebook ad campaign, whether they're asking, should I do this or should I do that?

They could have a big impact on their business and their marketing in general. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to absolutely prioritize member comments. And if you become a member and you leave a comment, ask a question on one of my YouTube videos, I'm going to do my absolute best to answer every single member comment that gets left.

I can't guarantee it. Obviously, there may be a few I missed, but I'm absolutely going to prioritize that. Now, of course, it doesn't mean I'm not going to answer any comments from people that aren't members.

I'm still going to get involved. It's just that there's only a certain amount of time I can dedicate to responding to questions, answering comments and things like that. And I'm going to prioritize the comments that come from people that are members.

That's the primary, the main benefit associated with being a member. If you become a member, you're also going to get access to member only polls. So if you feel strongly about the content you would like me to create, if there are any particular topics you want me to cover, I'm going to be asking members all around that sort of stuff.

So you can have a say in the videos that I create. If you feel strongly about certain topics being covered, that's a way to have your say. And then thirdly, I've had lots of people over the years leave comments and say things like they really appreciate my content.

They found it very valuable. It's really helped out their business. And they'd love to find a way to give back, to help me out.

And this is a great way to do that. Before, I've just asked, you know, share the videos, tell people about it, which I love. And that really helps me out and is much appreciated.

But if you want to go one step further and support the channel, help me dedicate more time to it. Help me dedicate more resources to creating high quality Facebook advertising content. You can become a member and do that.

And that'd be much appreciated. Now, of course, you don't have to become a member by any means. I really appreciate everyone who watches the content on my channel, who gets involved, who leaves comments, who likes the videos, who does all that sort of stuff.

And if you continue to do that and don't become a member, that is absolutely fine. And we will continue to have our relationships through YouTube. We will continue to, I will continue to create content.

But if you do want to take that next step and become a member, that would be very much appreciated. And yeah, it'd be really helping my channel and help me create more content and all that sort of stuff. So either way, whether you become a member or not, I wish you the best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns, guys.

I will have more regular content coming out again very soon. And best of luck with everything. I'll talk to you soon.

Bye for now.