Hi guys, it's Ben Heath and welcome to my YouTube channel. Now my YouTube channel, as you'll see, is all about Facebook advertising. That's where my expertise lies and I've published over 200 Facebook advertising related videos, most of which are in-depth tutorials where I'm in a Facebook ad account showing you exactly how to do something like create an entire campaign or implement lookalike audience strategies, all that sort of stuff.

So if you've got queries and want to know how to do things Facebook advertising wise, there's almost certainly a video that I've published that can help you achieve just that. Have a little look around, see if you can find it. Now if you're watching this video, if you're on my YouTube channel, I would assume that you're very much interested in Facebook advertising and you want to get fantastic results with Facebook ads.

And that's exactly what I'm all about. That's what I'm here to help you do. And I've actually got two free resources that I think you're going to find very, very useful in achieving that objective.

Now the first is a free webinar that I've created called Three Killer Facebook Advertising Strategies to Double or More Your Revenue. And I created this webinar because I think that when it comes to Facebook advertising, your strategy is the single most important thing that you need to establish to achieve great results. It doesn't matter how good your targeting is, how engaging your ad creative is, if you're using the wrong strategy for your products and services specifically, then it's very unlikely that your Facebook ads are going to deliver fantastic results.

And the reason why in this webinar I cover three different strategies is because there's no such thing as a one-size-fits-all when it comes to Facebook advertising. A lot of people teach that, but they're wrong. You need to advertise a $30 product in a very different way to how you need to advertise a $50,000 service.

So I've got three different strategies. These are all strategies that we use day in, day out with our clients. All three of them have been used to generate seven plus figures for our clients, sometimes on a monthly basis.

They're very much tried and tested. They're very much proven. And in this webinar, in the free webinar, I'll show you exactly how to implement these strategies.

So I strongly recommend you give that a watch. There will be a link in the description of this video. As I said, it's completely free.

Go ahead and watch that. The other thing I want to mention is my Facebook ads mastermind groups. It's a free Facebook group.

There's just under 30,000 members at the time of this recording. Absolutely fantastic community. It's full of people just like you that want to get fantastic results from Facebook advertising.

And there's literally hundreds of questions that get answered, that get asked and answered every single day. Loads of people are willing to help out. So if you've got questions, if you're wondering how to do things, go ahead and join my Facebook ads mastermind group.

Again, there'll be a link in the video description and get involved. Ask your questions, help other people out if they've got questions that you know the answers to. I'm in there all the time.

I release live trainings usually once a week and all that sort of stuff. So we'd love to have you involved. It should really help you go to the next level with your Facebook ads.

And as I said, that's what I'm all about. So that's enough for now. Welcome to my channel.

Go ahead and check out my videos, check out those free resources and I'll talk to you soon. Thanks guys.