Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and this is going to be a quick video about the Facebook Ads learning phase. That's an important Facebook advertising feature, but not one that many people know a lot about. So when you first launch a Facebook ad, the ad set that that ad is in will start the learning phase.

And during the learning phase, Facebook is basically trying to work it out for you. They're going to serve your ad to different people within your target audience to work out who is most likely to take your desired action. So let's say for example you've created a Facebook ad campaign and used the traffic objective.

Facebook is going to try and work out who within your target audience is most likely to click on your ad and come through to your landing page. And because the learning phase is an experimental process, the results that you get during it are likely to be quite a bit worse than the results that you will get once Facebook has had a bit of time to optimise your campaigns. So it's important that you don't judge the results you get from your campaigns too early.

Don't judge them during the learning phase. Wait until that is completed. It's also important that you don't make any significant adjustments to your ad, your ad set or even the campaign during the learning phase because that will restart the learning phase.

And then you'll just do that process all over again and it will confuse Facebook's targeting algorithms. So I know it can be tempting but it's best to just leave your campaigns alone. Leave your ads alone once you've launched them.

Come back to them in a few days' time and then start to make some assessments. Don't make any adjustments too early. Now just before you go there's something I want to tell you about that I think you'll find very, very interesting.

And that's my five part Facebook ad template that you can download right now for free. So in this template I've included some of the best performing ads that I've created for my clients in a number of different industries. I've explained what I've included in each ad and why and if you're looking to get better results from Facebook then I think you'll find this very, very useful.

As I said, you can download it right now for free. All you need to do is click on the link in the video description. That'll take you to a Patreon website and you can download it there.

Best of luck with your Facebook ad campaigns guys. Bye for now.