Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about what you should expect from Facebook advertising. What results are realistic, what results are very good, whether you're just getting started with Facebook advertising, you've got more experience with the platform, what can you actually expect? You'll see all sorts of things online that are full of false promises, false claims and things like that and I think it's very important to clear that up because if you don't have a realistic expectation of what's possible that affects your psychology as a Facebook advertiser, it affects how you treat the platform, what you do on it, very very important topic, that's what we're going to be covering here.

Before we're going to touch, I want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my channel if you haven't done so already. Okay so I've got a screenshot in front of me and this is probably a good example of something I wanted to show you, something that I've put out there. So this screenshot is from our proposal document, it's of a client's ad account and you can see that the results here are absolutely phenomenal.

Right so we generate, you can see from the data we generated 511, almost 512,000 pounds from 26,000 pounds ad spend producing a return on ad spend of 19.31. So for every pound we're spending on Facebook ads we're generating almost 20 pounds, 19.31 in revenue. Absolutely phenomenal results, who wouldn't want a campaign to run like that, put a pound in, generate almost 20 pounds back or put a dollar in, generate like 20 dollars back.

Isn't that just unbelievably cool? And it is and this is fantastic work and I'm very proud that we were able to do this but this is by no means representative of what you can expect. This is part of our sales material, pitching our services as a professional, highly experienced Facebook ads agency that spent tens of millions of dollars on the platform.

If you're getting started and you're a beginner to the platform, you should not, to be honest, actually I was going to say you should not expect these results, you should not expect these results full stop. These are, these results are very very good for us as a professional high quality agency with lots of experience. Now if you're getting started with with Facebook advertising or you've been advertising a while you've got to go through the things, the factors that are going to impact what results are realistic over the next say three months.

Firstly, are you an unknown brand? If you're just getting started Facebook advertising, good chance that you haven't got much of a presence within your industry. Does that mean that your results are going to be worse?

Absolutely. Known brands, companies that people know, like and trust, and they don't have to be big companies, they could be small but just known within their within their specific industry, we absolutely see better results with those companies because people are more likely to buy, they take less convincing. Okay, so if you're a brand new brand, an unknown brand, that will count against you and your results early on won't be anywhere near as good as they will be in three to five years time when you've built that brand in that space.

Okay, that's the first thing. Second thing is your skill as a Facebook advertiser or your team's skill as a Facebook advertiser. So Facebook advertising, like anything else, is a skill that you develop, that you learn, that you get experience with and don't expect great results from a complete beginner.

You know, you wouldn't go play golf with someone who's never played golf before and expect them to hit it out the park, you know, or down the drive or whatever. You know, if someone's never driven a car before, get someone in a car, see them drive, yeah they might be able to do it. Like someone might be able to put a campaign together but are they going to be able to deliver fantastic results?

Are they going to be able to drive really well in that analogy? Almost certainly not. Unless, you know, you just get the absolute sort of most naturally talented person in that space ever, which again is incredibly unlikely, it's not going to happen.

So those are two major factors. The third factor is even if you are an experienced Facebook advertiser or you do have, you are working with experienced Facebook advertisers, working out what works for your specific product or service, your offer, your industries, that is a whole thing in and of itself that takes time. So when we start working with a new client, we know that our results six months down the road are almost certainly going to be significantly better than they are when we first start working with them because there's all the things we need to know and work out within their industry.

Okay? And there are rarely, you know, my agency is not specialized in any particular niche like a lot of agencies. We work, our Facebook advertising services are for all sorts of different businesses, non-profits, etc.

within, you know, the one that advertise on Facebook and Instagram. And we know that there are rarely best practices that work for everyone and I teach that in my content. You need different things for different types of businesses.

So some businesses work really well with static images. Others need, like, animated creative. Others need slideshows.

Some work on certain placement options. Some work with different, you know, conversion objectives, different campaign objectives even. That's rarer.

But there are all sorts of things you need to work out for specific businesses. That takes time, that takes testing, and that's part of the reason why at the beginning you should not expect fantastic results. Okay?

So what should you expect? I think if in the first three to six months of running Facebook ad campaigns or new campaigns, if you can be breakeven, you've done well. At breakeven, you're acquiring customers without losing out.

And I think you're gaining, you're building a brand in your industry, you're gaining experience, you're developing skills, and that can work out massively over the long run. I just see so many people leaving comments on my YouTube videos, in my Facebook group, all that sort of stuff saying, I launched a campaign, I've been running it for three days, it's not working, what should I do? And that's, that is exactly the equivalent of someone saying, I had one driving lesson, I tried to take my driving test, I failed, why did that happen?

You go, you haven't got the skills yet, you haven't got the experience yet, you've got to keep going. You've got to keep going. Which is why I think breakeven is a good place.

You're not going in the hole, you're not losing money by doing it, but you can gain that experience. And if you, the reason why I wanted to create this video is because if you approach the platform with that frame of mind, completely changes how you do things. You're in learning testing mode at the beginning, which can last for months.

You're also building a brand, such an important thing. If you can breakeven over the first six months and acquire, who knows, 100 customers, 1000 customers, 10,000 customers. That really helps build your brand, you get your product, you in front of that many people, you get that many people using your service, you can tell other people about it, etc, etc.

That's absolutely key. And I think where the reason why psychology, the psychology of Facebook advertising is so bad, and why people just have completely unrealistic expectations of what to expect, is in part because of what they're told from, from, you know, various experts, sort of over-regged, which is why I try to be as honest as I possibly can say, these results here are not representative. But I think it's also because it's new.

Like everyone, or most people know at this point, that if you're a complete beginner, you should probably be wary of investing in like shares and stocks and things like that. You should consult a professional, these things are out there, right? With Facebook advertising, it's new, so that's less understood.

But the same thing applies. You can very easily waste money here if you don't know what you're doing. So you can either work with a professional, you can start small and learn and test slowly and scale and things like that.

So I think the psychology has to catch up with online advertising and people tend to fall into one of two camps. When I talk about Facebook advertising people that aren't involved in the industry, they either think it's the best thing since sliced bread, and as soon as you start running campaigns, you just instantly get massive results, or they think it's a complete waste of time. And of course, the truth is that it's very much in the middle.

It's not a waste of time at all. It can be a fantastic advertising platform. It's built so many massive brands, but it's not just super easy and you can just throw some money in and it's going to work overnight.

And I think the psychology aspect is the single most important determining factor of how likely you are to succeed over an extended time period. So over a short time period, there are all sorts of things that could get in the way. You can get lucky or unlucky, etc.

That could mean you're either successful or not. But if I was to have a conversation with you in five years time having watched this video, the single most important determining factor is your psychology as a Facebook advertiser as to whether Facebook ads will work for you over that period. Because over five years, you reduce, you know, you eliminate all those lucky and unlucky streaks and little things like that.

And you optimise things and you learn and you grow and you improve the offer and you do all sorts of things. If you approach it in the right way, you are so more likely to be better off in five years time as opposed to basically focusing on short termism, worrying when things drop off in the short term, which happens inevitably and all that sort of stuff. And I want to sort of explain part of the reason why Facebook ads is not this just absolute goldmine that anyone can succeed at immediately.

And that's very naturally because of the competitive dynamics of the platform. So all new advertising platforms, or not all, but some new advertising platforms, things like Facebook, when they are first sort of starting to get popular, when the platform is developed enough to be to work, but there's not that many advertisers on there, that's often when results can be fantastic and very easy to achieve. So Google ads went through this in the early 2000s.

Facebook ads probably went through this about a decade ago, where the cost of advertising was very cheap because there wasn't many advertisers. But of course, people get great results. They create videos about it.

They tell people they know. Other people flood to the platform and they start advertising as well. And that competition increases the price, increases the price, increases more competition, higher price, more competition, higher price.

Because Facebook ads operates like an auction. You have to bid to put your ads in front of people over someone else. Now, I think Facebook's reached a nice equilibrium where the level of competition is not just skyrocketing.

But we've reached a nice equilibrium where the cost of Facebook ads is such that quality advertisers will succeed and advertisers that aren't great won't. When the platform's too cheap, anyone can make it work. And that's not really good for the longevity of the platform because all sorts of scam businesses and nonsense is advertised.

And it's not a good look. But when you reach that equilibrium, it's your skill as a Facebook advertiser. It's what you can affect that makes the difference.

And that's the dynamics that mean that Facebook ads is likely to stay at a certain price. Of course, there are external factors that could affect that. But likely to stay at a certain price.

And yeah. So I think in terms of going forward, what we're likely to see, I think we're likely to see Facebook ads remain at a price where high quality Facebook advertisers succeed, low quality Facebook advertisers do not. It will naturally form a line in there.

And that might, as Facebook ads, so for example, as Facebook advertising, the platform develops, maybe that that number increases. So you can afford to pay more CPMs because the platform's just better. Perhaps it decreases because of iOS 14 and other changes.

We don't know. But it will always be at that sort of line. Hopefully that that sort of makes sense from the competition dynamic side of things.

Okay. So hopefully that's given you an idea of what's realistic. If you are break even on your campaigns and you are less than a year into running Facebook ads, you are doing well.

If you're making adjustments to hope that they're going to improve things, give it a three month timeframe. Do not, I don't mean don't touch your campaigns for three months, but just assess like, right, we're going to go in this new direction with this new offer. We're going to test load new campaigns.

Do it every three month time period. Okay. Get away from all the short term thinking.

That is just the death of any digital marketing campaign, of any marketing campaign, of any business really. It's that all that short term thinking that is very natural amongst people, but very unproductive. Okay.

Hopefully that's been useful. Before you go, I just want to quickly mention our Facebook advertising services. So I talked about it in this video, but if you're interested in having my agency run Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns for you, and we can certainly do that.

It's the main service that we offer. There'll be a link in the video description below where you can book a free call with one of my team members. We do require that all companies that work with us have at least a 3k monthly budget.

So if you don't have that budget, then we won't be able to work with you at this point. But if you do book that call, we can explain how we work, how we might be able to improve things, all that sort of stuff. And we can potentially see if we'd like to work together going forward.

So hopefully we'll see a bunch of booking calls. Either way, please thumbs up the video. Please subscribe to my channel if you haven't already.

And of course, comment below, comment below to let me know if this is useful. Comment below if you've got questions, all that sort of stuff. And I will talk to you soon.

Bye for now guys.