The Facebook ads platform is changing all the time. In 2023, we saw a lot of changes, and in 2024, we're gonna see a lot of changes and significant changes as well. So in this video, I'm gonna give you my predictions for the Facebook ad changes that are likely to happen in 2024 and the things you should be watching out for.

So the first thing I think we can pretty much guarantee and the predictions that I'm most confident in is that there will be lots of changes. We've seen it over a number of years. I can't see that stopping anytime soon.

So any Facebook advertisers thinking, you know, I learned all my stuff six months ago. That's all fine. I'm not going to need to update the information or the ways of doing things.

They're almost certainly gonna be wrong and be left behind by people that are staying up to date. So it's so important to stay up to date. I'm constantly having to redo videos because this has changed and that's changed.

And the way my team is running things for our clients has changed and we need to update with the time. Now, the big trend that I think we're going to see a continuation of, this has already been happening. I think we're gonna see more of it going forward, is that Meta is taking more control over various elements within your Facebook ad campaign.

So let's start with targeting. We've seen a number of targeting options disappear. We've also seen targeting the structure of it change where Meta has more control and more flexibility.

So for example, with things like Advantage Plus Audience coming in, where instead of providing hard constraints when you're giving your targeting options like you used to do, you are now providing suggestions. So you're saying to Meta, look, I think these people are going to be the best to advertise to, but if you think there are other people that are not within my targeting criteria that are likely to purchase, become a lead, take my desired action, by all means put ads in front of them. I think we're going to continue to see that sort of stuff.

There are a number of ad accounts now where people are no longer able to turn off detailed targeting expansion. So again, you've set up your targeting and this is assuming you're not using Advantage Plus Audience and you only want to specifically target to that group of people, the people that are only interested in a certain thing, for example. Well, you used to be able to choose whether or not you turned on detailed targeting expansion to allow Meta to go out and find those other people.

For a lot of ad accounts, that is now mandatory. Meta's just going to do it. We're also seeing more and more of our clients see their best results with open targeting.

So it's not like we're really fighting against a lot of this as advertiser going, Meta's trying to take control. We don't want them to have control because we get worse results. What we're actually seeing in a lot of circumstances is that when Meta has more control, they do get better results.

Now, not always. There are times when you want to have more control over your own targeting and I hope that that functionality remains within an ad account. I think it is going to be curtailed somewhat as it already has been and that's unfortunate.

But don't be too disheartened thinking that if you give control to Meta that your results are going to be terrible. A lot of the campaigns that we run are now seeing their best results from open targeting and I think as Meta's AI systems, machine learning processes get better and better optimizing our campaign, working out exactly who is most likely to convert, what time of day, how many times they need to see an ad to convert, all that sort of stuff. We're only going to see better results by trusting Meta more and more.

Now, I think Meta is doing this to help advertisers get better results, particularly beginners, because if you take more control out of an advertiser's hands, then it makes it less likely that a beginner is going to select all the wrong settings and really mess things up and then get worse results and then just declare Facebook and Instagram ads doesn't work when in reality they just set up their campaign wrong. So I think that's what Meta's trying to avoid. They're trying to make sure that people get better results, particularly beginners that don't know what they're doing in this move towards more control being handed over to Meta and less the advertiser.

I also think it helps achieve some of their privacy objectives. So we know that Meta, along with most social media companies and online businesses, come in for some criticism around privacy and tracking people and advertisers being able to get very specific data or own users and use that to advertise. Here's what everybody's been trying to tell you today.

And I say this gently. Your user agreement sucks. Well, I think Meta is coming at this from a standpoint of, well, if we don't give those as options for the advertisers to be able to really specifically target certain individuals and that sort of happens based on our AI behind the scenes, it's less overtly going after individuals and they think that governments and other people are going to have less of an issue when it comes to the privacy concerns around advertising on Meta and other similar platforms.

So I think it helps with their privacy objectives as well. And I think both of those trends are going to continue in that direction. Governments, individuals are going to want more and more privacy online.

So that's a trend that's going to continue and that's going to push Meta towards the automation route. But also AI is going through an explosion in effectiveness at the moment, as we all know. And that helps Meta get better results when they have more control for us advertisers as opposed to advertisers having more control because the AI is really smart at working out who to put your ads in front of.

So as those two trends continue to happen, we're going to see more targeting restrictions. I think we're going to see more advantage plus products where things are suggestions as opposed to hard boundaries on targeting. We're going to see Meta control more of the optimization stuff.

I wouldn't be surprised if we start seeing things like optimizing for link clicks when you're running, say, a leads campaign go away because that's just something that advertisers do sometimes that kind of messes up their results. So I think some of those optimization settings, performance goals are going to be reduced to the ones that are most effective. I don't think those changes are really going to affect that many advertisers.

There might be some fringe cases where people are using non-typical setups because that works better for their business because they can't track conversions or there's some sort of issue that means it works better for them that way. But I think the majority of advertisers are going with the default performance goals for leads campaigns and sales campaigns and things like that anyway. So I don't think that's going to be a big issue, but it is something that's likely to come forward.

On the topic of privacy, I've had a lot of people ask me questions around, you know, when's the next big iOS 14.5? When's something like that going to happen? Is that something we should be afraid of?

I don't think we're going to see anything as large as that again in the future, mostly because I think Meta is much more prepared for stuff like that now and we kind of all know how that would be dealt with. So when that came in, we saw huge changes, everyone panicking. Everybody stay calm.

What's the procedure? Everyone, what's the procedure? Stay f***ing calm.

It turned out to no way near as be a bigger deal as what we expected. Meta took some time to work it all out. They brought in extra steps that we had to do at the pixel level, like set up our prioritization list of conversion events and aggravated event measurement.

If you're new to Facebook ads, that'll all be garbage to you. Don't worry about it. You don't even need to do it anymore because that's all handled automatically behind the scenes.

So I think Meta's gotten a lot smarter at being able to navigate these potential issues and still be able to track conversions. The conversions API is much more powerful than it used to be. So we're less reliant on pixel data and cookies and things like that.

So we're going to see small things around the edges. There's recently new rules that have come into effect in the EU that are affecting things, but nothing as significant as what iOS 14 was that Apple implemented. And I don't foresee that there will be anything as significant in the near future because yes, there's going to be changes.

They're not going to hit as hard. And I think Meta's going to be better at managing those and reducing the impact to its advertisers, which is good news. And as the delivery of ads becomes more and more automated, Meta is handling the delivery settings, the optimization settings.

Meta is handling a lot of the targeting. I think that the differentiating factor between advertisers that succeed and don't is really going to come down to the offer and the ads and within the ads, particularly the creative. Now that has been the case for a while, but I think it's going to become even more so.

And I want to make it really clear that to have success on Facebook ads, you do have to beat your competition. A lot of people think that if you just run an ad campaign that it's going to work, it's going to get you leads and sales, but you are in a competitive marketplace. You are competing for the potential customers that are on there and the potential customers that are on there are weighing up your offers alongside your competitors' offers.

And if there's a better than yours, you're just not going to generate leads and sales. I see a lot of people ask questions and be confused being like, well, I set up this campaign and it didn't work. And you take a look and you think, well, that's just not as good as what your competitors are running.

Why would people not buy from your competitors instead of you? Because they are seeing your competitors' ads as well. That's why it's a competitive landscape.

So we always need to find, as advertisers, a way to beat our competition, to do a better job than what our competitors are doing. And if the settings and targeting is automated and far more advertisers are using effectively the same settings there, the way you differentiate yourself is going to be with the offer, what can you offer, and the ad creative. And I'll actually include a link in the description below to another video that shows you all about ad creative and how to create that easily and in a way that looks fantastic because that is just going to be so, so important.

Very quickly, I've got some really exciting news. I've launched a new mentorship program to help you explode your business's revenue and profits through paid ads and marketing. Now in this mentorship program, myself and my team will mentor you daily, literally every single working day and because of that, spots are very limited.

So if you're interested, you can click on a link in the video description below and book a call with one of my team members who can explain everything about the mentorship program and how it works. I'm really, really excited about this and I hope to be working with you and mentoring you very soon. So how about the overall health of meta advertising?

What's going to happen to the two main parts, Facebook and Instagram because that's obviously going to affect what happens to advertisers. Now we can see from the data that the trends are very promising. So both Facebook and Instagram are seeing user growth, not just in overall numbers but also in the number of people that are using the platforms regularly, which is great.

The daily active users versus total users is up as are total users. So these are all really promising signs. There are slight variations within that.

I've done another video about this recently where, for example, Facebook users within Europe is dropping slightly. In North America, it's mostly stagnant. In the rest of the world, growing.

So there is some regional differences but I think that whilst the user bases are there, whilst they are strong, whilst they are still growing, that's fantastic for Facebook advertisers. That's all we really need for the platform to continue to be effective. Now, of course, all the things that meta does to help optimize the campaigns, that makes a big difference but provided there are literally billions of people there and they're using the platforms a lot, there's always going to be advertisers that want to reach those people there because that's where they're hanging out.

So the user bases are strong and growing which is fantastic but I actually think there's probably more pessimism around Facebook advertising than there was a few years ago. I think a lot of people of, let's say, typical advertising age on meta which is probably 20s to early 30s, is probably the average person that's running an ad campaign on meta. They might not use Facebook particularly if they're in a country like the UK, US, etc.

as much as they use something like Instagram and I think because of that, that leads them to believe that Facebook is a platform that's not doing as well, that there aren't as many people that use it. That's actually really good news for the rest of us Facebook and its advertisers because people are thinking that way. They're advertising less on the platform than they used to be.

That's going to reduce the price. The price of Facebook advertising is set based on a demand and supply system. So supply is users on the platform, how often they're on it, the ad inventory, the slots that are available for ads, and demand is us advertisers wanting to fill those slots.

Now if some advertisers, not that many, but some advertisers are going, oh, I don't think this is the future, I'd rather advertise on TikTok or other platforms, that is beneficial for those of us that stay because we know that the supply is still really high. There's still lots of users, that's growing. So if there's less other advertisers wanting to reach those people, happy days.

I'd love it if basically all advertisers stopped advertising on the platform except for me and my company tomorrow because the cost of the advertising would fall through the floor and we'd be able to hoover up so much revenue results for our clients because the cost of ads would be so cheap. So it's actually a really good scenario to have more users but people slightly less bullish on Facebook and Instagram advertising. I think that's where we are right now.

Now, obviously, these things are dynamic and they can change and if people are seeing great results on the platform, they tell friends, more people join the platform and that that can potentially push the price back up. So I think what we're likely to see in terms of the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising, the cost per thousand impressions, which is typically the measurement we use when we're assessing cost, is that we're likely to be stable through 2024 if a slight decrease. Obviously, that is going to vary depending on location to some extent but again, something that's pretty good for most Facebook advertisers.

Here's a big one. I don't think that AI is going to take over all of Facebook advertising. There's a lot of people who work in this industry who think that AI is going to take all the jobs and things like that.

They took our jobs! They took your jobs! They took your jobs!

I think for it to get that far, for AI to, say, replace the need for business owners running their businesses, running their ad campaigns to actually run the ad campaigns or agencies like mine to run ad campaigns, AI has to get to the point where it is better at running ad campaigns than AI plus a person. And if you think about that, it's a really high bar, right? Because all these AI tools have been implemented within Facebook ads for a number of years.

They're definitely getting more sophisticated but they still require a person to implement them. Alex Formozzi has the great line where he said, You're not going to get replaced by AI. You'll get replaced by somebody who knows how to use your AI better than you.

And that's what we're going to see with Facebook ads in 2024. We're going to see AI tools becoming more and more common, more and more sophisticated and the advertisers that produce the best results aren't going to be the ones that just hand it all over to AI. It's going to be the ones that use the AI tools really well.

So I think it's going to make our lives easier. It's going to make it more effective but you have to stay up to date with the latest tools and resources and use them because it's going to change fast and the people that jump on it, they will have a competitive advantage over the people that don't. But in terms of AI, you just logging on to Facebook and saying here's, you know, $500, get me leads and sales.

It's not going to get to that level. There's still going to need to be ad creative and offers and a business behind it and all that sort of stuff. And towards the end of the year, I think there's a relatively small chance but still a chance that we start to see ads on threads.

So threads obviously did incredibly well initially. Then the user base sort of settled and became more normalized. And since then, we're seeing from the data slow, stable, incremental growth taking more and more of the market share within that space from Twitter.

Now X, of course, I expect that to continue. I've talked about it before but I think the long-term advantage that threads has being linked to Instagram is just so huge that I think it will probably win out eventually. And at some point, Meta is going to put ads on threads that may not be in 2024.

It's probably more likely to be 2025, maybe even 2026. They typically haven't rushed to make that move. They want to make sure that the platform is really stable and the user base is very happy with it first before they go ahead and monetize.

But at some point that will happen and that will be really interesting for advertisers because I think there will be a gold rush initially. There'll be the advertisers that jump on it and there'll be potentially hundreds of millions of people worth of ad inventory to use up and it'll be really cheap initially much like it was really cheap to advertise on Instagram initially when ads were first added to Instagram when they had previously just been on Facebook. So as an advertiser you definitely want to be in a position to jump on that as soon as they do and take advantage of that gold rush but that'll likely stable out and then it will be like what we see with Instagram and Facebook where the cost is going to be relatively similar going forward.

But yeah, but that'll be a really interesting new thing and does that mean that we'll have different ad types? Probably. Will we see text-only ads for example like we see on other platforms?

It's hard to say but yeah, that probably won't happen this year but could do something to watch out for and be really exciting if it does. Now as I said with meta handling more of the delivery process targeting things like that ad creative is going to be one of the most important things in a Facebook ad campaign it's what's going to differentiate successful advertisers from those that struggle. In this video here I show you a super simple tool that you can use to quickly and easily create really high quality ad creative I'd strongly recommend you give it a watch.