Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to show you what to measure with your Facebook ads. What danger should you look at, should you track and should you use to assess performance and then make the proper adjustments to improve performance going forward. That's what I'm going to cover in this video.

Before I do, I just want to very quickly ask you to smash that like button and of course subscribe to my channel if you are new and haven't done so already. So I've got an example campaign up. I'm going to talk about this more in a second and actually one of my work-ons for my YouTube content personally is to tighten them up, to make them a little bit shorter.

I really want to explain things so often I repeat myself and go over a few things multiple times and this is going to be one of my shortest videos I've ever created because 90 plus percent of what you measure and what you use to optimize your Facebook ad campaigns should be one metric and that's cost per result. This is not groundbreaking but hopefully it's going to clear up some confusion and help save you guys a bunch of time. If you are running a conversions campaign which I would hope the majority of you are, we certainly run conversions campaign most of the time, it then becomes your cost per result whether that's cost per lead, cost per purchase that really really matters.

That's what's going to determine the success of your campaign, that's what's going to determine the profitability of your campaign. Hopefully you know what you can afford to pay to acquire a lead or pay to acquire a purchase and then you benchmark that against your cost per result but we use it for optimization decisions not just working out whether it's profitable or not. I get lots of people asking me how do you know which ads to turn off which ones to leave on?

Cost per result. How do you know which ad sets to turn off which ones to leave running? Cost per result.

And I'll give you a very quick example. This is a campaign we ran, it's a lead magnet campaign so we're sending people to our website wanting them to opt in for a lead magnet, join our email address, hence why our email list, hence why the cost per leads are nice and small. And here we are going to make our decisions based on cost per result.

So you can see for example we have turned off ad set two because its cost per website lead is £2.34 which is significantly higher than some of the other options here. You know we've got ad set four in at £2.8, ad set six in at £1.59, ad set one in at £1.93 and then of course the warm audience ad set in at just 14p each which is not surprising given the quality of warm audience ad sets. But it's super, it's so easy to get lost in this other data right, you're looking at impressions and click through rates and yada yada yada yada.

And you can just create a huge amount of unnecessary work for yourself. You can end up optimising for things that don't matter. I get loads of comments from people saying things like, I got this CTR, is that good or bad?

I go I don't really care what your CTR is. Your click through rate doesn't really matter. Your CPM, your cost per thousand impressions doesn't really matter provided your cost per result when you're using conversions campaign objective is what you want it to be.

And that's how you go about improving performance. Now, there are lots of tweaks you can do on top of that once you've got that right. Things like diving, diving deep on CTR and tiny little details and things like that.

But I am often encouraging my account managers, people who work for my agency, to not get lost in focusing on the 1%, 2%, 3% improvements in a campaign that a lot of people do. Yeah, you want to do them where you can, but that's not where your majority of effort should be. Can you create a new offer?

Can you create a new landing page? Can you put new ad created together? Can you use a new hook in your ad copy that gets you a 30% improvement in results, 35% improvement in results?

That's what I want people to focus on. And how do we measure that? How do we come back and see performance?

How do we improve things? We're always looking at cost per result. As I said, this is not groundbreaking.

This is designed to save you some time. This is designed to cut out a lot of what's unnecessary, which is super important. And this is designed to help clear things up and help you get better results.

And it's all based around cost per result provided using the best, using the convergence objective and optimizing for the conversion event that you really, really want. That's what you should focus on almost exclusively. Okay.

Hopefully that's been useful. Before we go, something I'll quickly mention. That's a free webinar I've created called One Facebook Ads Technique to Supercharge Your Results.

In this webinar, I break down what I feel is the single most important Facebook advertising technique that you want to master if you want the best results possible. In this video, I've talked about the one metric you should measure. I'm a big fan of focusing on the one most important thing.

And in this webinar, it's the One Facebook Ads Technique. It's completely free. Links in the video description below.

Would strongly recommend you go through it. About 40, 50 minutes long. Well worth your time.

Check it out. And I think you'd be glad that you did. If you enjoyed this video, thumbs up, subscribe to my channel and comment below to let me know.

Comment below with questions, comment below with feedback. Always much appreciated. And I'll talk to you guys soon.

Thanks a lot. Bye for now.