Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I'm going to talk about when to use the Facebook reach objective. This is one of my most requested topics over the last few months, so I thought I'd create a video on when to use the reach objective, when to not use it. I think it'll be very very useful.

Before I get into it, I want to very quickly ask you to hit that thumbs up button and of course subscribe to my YouTube channel if you're new and haven't done so already. So I'm obviously an example Facebook account and I've got the campaign objectives up and I can see reach and the first thing I need to quickly mention is as I'm recording this video, Facebook are in the process of rolling out a new campaign objective layout. So you may well not see this and one of the proposed changes is that brand awareness and reach are going to be combined into one campaign objective called awareness.

Whatever I say about reach now will apply to the new awareness objective. So if you're watching this and you've had a change in your in your ad account or you're watching this later down the line and they change it, just know that it holds true. Okay, I'll probably update the title of the video if that happens so you may well have been looking for the awareness objective and found it this way.

Okay, reach. Let's have a little look at what Facebook say this gets you, which is very very simple. Show your ads to the maximum number of people.

Now we know that with other campaign objectives, things like conversions for example, traffic etc, Facebook's going to optimise for that event. So let's take conversions. Let's say conversions and we say I want purchases on my website.

Facebook is going to try and put your ads in front of people that are far more likely to purchase. Now the people that are far more likely to purchase might be way more expensive to reach because look they're probably more likely to purchase from other advertisers stuff. Some people buy things online a lot more than others.

Some people buy things based on Facebook ads a lot more than others. And some people have a lot more disposable income than others. Facebook can work a lot of this stuff out and put ads in front of those people but everyone wants to reach those people so they're more expensive to advertise to.

Reach on the other hand gets your ads in front of as many people as possible. So you're not sort of ranking the quality of prospect necessarily within your targeting options. You're just sort of saying I want to get the word out there.

So the time when I like to use the reach objective is when I'm advertising to a specific and usually quite small audience that I want to make sure I put my ads in front of again and again and again. So this would usually be advertising businesses that are expertise based coaches, consultants, if you're selling online courses, any sort of expertise based thing like that. Even high-end service providers like anything designy or creating bespoke products and things like that.

The price point of whatever it is that you're offering usually can be very expensive and that's why you need to reach people again and again and again because you need to convince them that you are the best option to work with, that you are better than your competitors, you build that relationship. And that's when we tend to use reach. I'm not going to detail what I call my omnipresence content strategy in this video here.

Instead I'm going to include a link to the video in the video description below that goes through exactly how that works. It's called my number one long-term strategy is actually the title of the video. My number one long-term strategy.

Go through that and you can see exactly how. If you do meet that criteria I would set up an omnipresence content campaign. Really awesome, really sophisticated.

I strongly recommend you go through that and take a look. With an omnipresence content campaign we use reach. Okay and that's about it.

The only other scenario where I can think we would commonly use reach is if we're working with a brand that has a large budget, isn't worried about conversions or sending website traffic and just wants to get the word out there. Just wants to make their brand synonymous with the product that's being offered. So you think Coca-Cola will be the classic example where they're running like brand campaigns on TV and stuff all the time.

They want you to think of the business Coke, Coca-Cola when you want a soft drink or when you want a Coke. They don't want you thinking of Pepsi or any other potential competitors most of which are long gone right. And that's when you would look to do it.

Okay in this city I want anyone who wants a you know a whatever to think of my business when they think of it. That takes a really big budget because you can't just get your ad in front of people wanting them to do it. You've got to get in front again and again and again and again and again with lots of different ads and over time and all that sort of stuff.

That's the other time when we typically use reach. Other than that we very rarely use the reach campaign objective. Actually I could have titled this video when to not use the reach campaign objective because I think there's lots of other scenarios where people do use it when they shouldn't.

Classic case being retargeting. A lot of people will let's say have a conversions campaign for a cold audience and then they will think well I'm retargeting only people that have visited my website therefore why don't I just use reach? I want to reach as many of them as possible.

You'd be better off using conversions in your retargeting with your retargeting as well and the reason why is because with something like conversions it's not just optimizing for the people within your audience to advertise to although they are so out of all your website visitors Facebook might work out that half of them are likely to buy half of them aren't and just advertise to the half or maybe even a smaller percentage than that okay so that's you miss out on that with reach you don't get any of that optimization but also your campaign is going to be optimized around lots of other factors things like time of day to advertise okay if all the Facebook advertisers running conversion campaigns let's say in the UK are advertising you know a lot of their budget is spent in the evenings after people are home from work and you're running a reach campaign well Facebook will go aha it's nice and cheap to advertise in the middle of the day or the middle of the night when we're avoiding all the other advertisers that are running conversion campaigns because that's how this works right it's all on auction auction system therefore it's cheaper to advertise them therefore we can get them more reach therefore we should be advertising this thing this product service at midday or you know 11am or 2 2am even um which means even though you're reaching the the people you want to reach because you are retargeting your ads are not going to be served at the right time to get the most number of conversions possible and there's other things like the right placement options you know some people might be more likely to buy based on an ad in the feed or the story as opposed to an ad based in audience network or things like that so it's not just the type of person being advertised to because that's what that's what people think well why would i use conversions i've i've got a small retargeting audience i just want to reach them it's these other factors that make a big difference and that's why when we test it and we do run just to a retargeting audience we run a conversions campaign versus the reach campaign in both scenarios we want say purchases or leads the conversion campaigns basically always wins okay um so don't use the reach campaign in that sort of scenario i also wouldn't use the reach campaign objective just because you're a new business a lot of businesses think okay i'm new i just want to get the word out i don't even know what that means for a new small business yeah for large businesses sure yeah they're after 50 million impressions over the next couple of months like yeah that's getting the word out but i mean if you're a small business it's just a drop in the ocean everyone forgets it doesn't mean anything if you're not spending a lot so just getting the word out no you're better off actually running say a conversions campaign or lead generation campaign or something and generating customers that's going to make your campaigns much more affordable much more profitable much more scalable you're going to generate customers that can tell their friends and family that's going to get the word out a lot more um than using the reach objective if you've got a relatively small budget um so hopefully that's been useful some scenarios where we would and wouldn't use the reach objective our use cases are fairly specific and quite small it's not something that we use a huge amount although we use omnipresence content quite a lot but um yeah hopefully that's clarified some some questions okay before you go something i really want to mention and that's a webinar called three killer facebook and strategies to double and more your revenue and actually one of the strategies of the three is omnipresence content and that shows you exactly how to implement it in detail so i strongly recommend you check out this webinar obviously you can check out the other two as well might be appropriate for your business the link is in the video description below it's completely free 60 70 minutes long i think we're very very glad that you did it not only shows you how these sales funnels work it also shows you which one you want to use depending on your products and services which is absolutely vital um so go ahead and check that out um other thing i want to mention is my facebook ads groups my facebook ads mastermind group currently has 133 000 members one of the largest communities of facebook advertisers in the world full of people just like you that are wanting you know asking questions getting them answered i'm in there every day um completely free to join links in the description go ahead and join us if you found this useful thumbs up please um comment below to let me know comment below if you've got questions and of course make sure you're subscribed for more facebook and instagram advertising related content thanks a lot bye for now