Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and today's Facebook advertising question is, which Facebook advertising placements should you use? It's a great question, it's something that you have to consider when you're creating your Facebook ad campaigns at the ad set level, you need to decide where on Facebook and Instagram you actually want your ads to appear. So in case you're not familiar, placements refers to things like the Facebook and Instagram news feeds, stories, marketplace, audience network, there's about 13 different options that you can use.

The placement options that we select when we create campaigns for our clients depends on the type of campaign that we're using, on the campaign objective. Now if we're using a campaign objective like conversions or lead generation, something that's optimising for a specific event, a lower down the funnel event, then we go ahead and use automatic placements, which is Facebook's default. If you haven't considered placements then you're probably using automatic placements.

And we do that because we know that Facebook's going to optimise our campaign for our desired event, which means they're not going to serve our ads on placements that are unlikely to convert because that's not optimising for what we want. If we were to use a campaign objective like traffic, where you're after either link clicks or landing page views, or even perhaps video views or something along those lines, reach maybe, we would edit the placements that we're going to advertise on. We would keep it to, usually to start with, just the feeds.

They seem to produce the best results, we usually see 90% plus of conversions and things like that coming through the feeds. And the issue with not doing that is that Facebook is optimising, let's say in the case of traffic, for link clicks. Now link clicks are very, very cheap on the audience network because the audience network is not a great place to advertise.

So Facebook will think, great, this business wants link clicks, let's put all their ads on the audience network, we'll get them lots of cheap clicks, much cheaper than if they're in the news feed, but those people won't necessarily go on to convert, they won't go on to inquire, or take the action you want them to take. So our general rule of thumb is, if you're using a conversion based objective, things like conversions, lead generation, automatic's fine, otherwise be much more restrictive, start with things like just the feeds, perhaps add in a few others like Messenger, some of the ones that get more engagement, and go from there. But it's an important question to consider because it can make a big difference to a campaign, particularly if you're using the traffic objective, reach objective, and things like that.

Thanks a lot guys, bye bye. Bye bye.