Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and in this video I want to talk about conversion windows and which conversion windows you should select when you're advertising on Facebook, what you should use with your Facebook ads. Now if you've run a convergence campaign on Facebook you may have seen at the ad set level down at the bottom there's this conversion window section. Now the default conversion window that Facebook gives you is seven days click, one day view.

So what does that mean? A conversion window is basically the time after someone interacts with your ad that those people who then go on to convert are still included within the optimization process. So let's say for example someone clicks on an ad today, if they then buy or become a lead or whatever your conversion event is, within seven days they will be registered as a conversion and included in the optimization process.

And the same with one day view, if someone sees an ad doesn't click on it but then goes through to your website perhaps a different way or Googles you or whatever and then goes on to convert they will also be registered as a conversion and that's factored in to the optimization process. Now if someone converts outside of the conversion window they can still be registered as a conversion within your Facebook ad account but that data won't be used to optimize your campaigns. If you're familiar with my videos you're familiar with the way Facebook advertising works, when you run a Facebook ad campaign performance often improves over time because Facebook uses the data that you generate to automatically optimize your campaigns.

So they may be able to see for example that certain types of people within your target audience are more likely to convert, perhaps your campaigns convert at better times of the day, maybe they convert on Instagram better than Facebook or vice versa, there's all these sort of data points that Facebook can use to optimize your campaigns and that's what you're establishing with the conversion window. You're basically saying to Facebook I want you to use this data to optimize the campaign. So when would you want to change from the default conversion window?

For the vast majority of people I would recommend just leaving it at seven days click one day view. That's absolutely fine, just because you select a shorter time frame say something like one day click doesn't mean that you're going to generate conversions faster, it's just referring to the data that Facebook uses to optimize your campaigns. So you normally want to leave it at seven days click one day view something slightly longer because it gives Facebook more data with which to use and the more data Facebook has the better able Facebook is to optimize your campaigns effectively.

But when would you want to change it? So we either use seven days click one day view or we change it to one day click and we'll change it to one day click when we've tested this and we see slightly better results if we're generating more than 50 conversions in a day. So if you're an e-commerce business and you're doing reasonable volume generating more than 50 purchases in a day or you're perhaps you know running a lead magnet campaigns one most common ones or a webinar registration campaign where you're probably generating more than more than 50 leads more than 50 opt-ins a day.

Perhaps you're a service business and you're operating at scale and you are generating more than 50 leads a day. But if you're getting more than 50 conversion events in a day whatever it is that you're optimizing for in that in that ad set and we found slightly better results from using one day click and we think that's because Facebook when you're when you've got more conversion volume and it has more data with which to use so it can afford to be more specific with the data set it uses to optimize and all things being equal of course we would prefer Facebook to optimize people that are going to convert immediately. So that's the two scenarios it's fairly straightforward our approach either seven days click one day view if you know if you're not going to be generating 50 plus conversions a day or one day click if you are going to be generating 50 plus conversions in a day.

Okay so hopefully that's been useful before you go one thing I want to quickly mention is my Facebook Ads Mastermind group which is my free Facebook advertising free Facebook group and it's all about Facebook advertising so there's eight thousand members in there right now fantastic community full of people just like you trying to get better results from their Facebook advertising advertising every range of business manage imaginable there's tons of Facebook Ads agency owners in there people ask questions they get them answered by experts it's really helping everyone this community get better results from Facebook the people who get involved and so if you want to join it's completely free all you need to do is click on the link in the video description go ahead and ask to join I'll approve that request and we'd love to have you and if this just we go if this video has been useful please give it a like please give it a thumbs up that'd be appreciated leave a comment to let me know leave a comment if you've got any questions I know this can be a little bit of a confusing topic this conversion window stuff and of course subscribe to my channel I use Facebook advertising related content all the time and if you don't miss out on new content that I'm releasing you want to make sure you are subscribed touch you guys bye bye