We are about to see the single biggest change to Facebook ads and Instagram ads that we've ever seen. I can't tell you exactly when it's going to happen. It could be in a few weeks time, it could be in a couple of years time, but I'm now very, very confident that it is going to happen.

And this change actually has nothing to do with the Facebook or Instagram apps or even Meta as a company itself. Instead, it has to do with one of their major competitors, and that's TikTok. I think it is now very likely that TikTok is going to be banned.

We've seen a number of countries take steps in that direction. So the US, for example, have banned TikTok on all government devices, can't be used on government phones and things like that. The UK recently followed suit.

The US right now is very much debating whether or not to ban TikTok, and recent polls show that the majority of the American public are on board with TikTok being banned. It's around two to one in terms of favour for the ban versus against. I think it's very likely that the US at some point will go and outright ban TikTok, as some other countries have already done, by the way.

India, for example, has fully outright banned TikTok. And if the US takes that step, which could be in just a few weeks time, it's being debated right now, maybe it doesn't happen this time, but I think there might be restrictions put on it or a full ban coming later down the line, then we know that countries like the UK will absolutely follow suit probably six to 12 months later. And I think the EU is likely to follow suit as well.

In my opinion, it seems very unlikely that three years from now, the major Western markets are still going to allow TikTok to be used by the people in that country. I think that's very unlikely at this point. And I've been talking about TikTok being banned for a while now.

I think it's been coming and all of what we've seen is only furthered my conviction on that. Furthered my conviction? What the hell does that mean?

All the actions that governments have taken in that time period have only sort of helped convince me that that's even more likely to happen. Now, what does that mean for Facebook and Instagram and us advertisers on that platform? Because when you play out the scenarios of a major platform being banned in the most lucrative markets in the world, you have to think about the ripple effect of that.

So firstly, we know that younger generations spend an enormous amount of time on TikTok, and they have very much become accustomed to consuming that really short form content. And the other social media platforms have been aware of this for a number of years. It's why they've all added short form content options that really do replicate a TikTok style setup.

So you've got YouTube, for example, introducing YouTube shorts and quite heavily pushing them at the moment. You've got Meta with Instagram Reels. Recently, they've been pushing Facebook Reels quite a lot.

So if we play out the scenario of what happens if TikTok gets banned, I don't think those users are going to change their media consumption habits. They're still going to want to consume that really sort of quick fire short form video content. I think instead they're going to jump platforms.

And the two places they're going to end up for the most part is going to be Instagram, and it's going to be YouTube with YouTube shorts and Instagram Reels. Some not necessarily in those Western markets, but in other parts of the world are probably going to end up with Facebook Reels. But that's a bit more of a minor thing.

I think Instagram Reels for Meta advertisers are going to be massive. Now, let's say that does happen. Let's say TikTok was banned tomorrow and people started jumping across and spending much more time on those other platforms.

What does that mean in the case of Meta advertisers? It means that CPMs, particularly on the Instagram Reel placement, are going to absolutely plummet because we've got all this extra supply, which is fantastic news. It's not going to last long.

When there's all that extra supply, all those extra eyeballs to advertise to, advertisers are going to cotton on. Those TikTok advertisers, they're going to have to go where their users have gone. They're going to have to come onto Meta and advertise on Instagram Reels.

They're going to have to go onto YouTube and advertise in and amongst YouTube shorts. But for a while, there will be a lag. We'll see users switch behavior quicker than advertisers, particularly when companies have got to stop working with an agency, hire a new one, all that sort of stuff, hire new experts to use the different platforms and that sort of thing.

There is going to be a lag. So there's a massive opportunity for businesses that are ready with the type of ads that are likely to work well in the Instagram Reels, Facebook Reels placement. So this is going to be things that are similar to the content that gets consumed in those placement options.

It's going to be short videos that are entertaining that obviously also promote your products or services. So I would absolutely be thinking about that right now and try and position yourself so that if TikTok does get banned in the US in the next few weeks, which is possible, might take longer than that, but it's possible it's going to happen quite quickly that you are ready to jump on that lag between the users switching over and the advertisers catching up. So we'll see really low CPMs once all those users come in because all the supply of potential people to advertise to goes way up.

But then the demand side of things, the advertisers will come and join and that will force the price back up because they'll all be competing. Long term though, it's a great thing. If we think about the health of a platform like Instagram, if they go and acquire a whole load of younger users than the average that's currently on Instagram, which is what the average TikTok user is, that's fantastic for the long term because those people are going to start using Instagram Reels, they'll get used to it, they'll sort of establish those behavior patterns and as they go through life are likely to continue using that platform.

So you might see that the longevity of a platform like Instagram immediately has another decade or so put onto it simply by TikTok being banned. Now you might be thinking, well, what about other social media platforms? Won't something just pop up to replace TikTok?

I actually think that's quite unlikely. So if we go back 10 years ago, new social media platforms seem to be popping up quite regularly. We had our incumbents and you had things like Vine and Snapchat and I can't remember the exact dates that these were added, but things seem to be moving more.

Obviously TikTok came along more recently than that. But since TikTok, nothing has sort of broken in and made it mainstream. And do I think that's likely to happen going forward?

Probably not. What we see with any sort of digital technology, particularly these information-based digital technologies, is that at the beginning there's lots of different options. And then once that market consolidates, there's only going to be a few that you will really use.

You can think about search, for example. At the beginning there were lots of different options and now basically everyone uses Google. So I think that is likely, that's what we've seen with social media, a newer technology.

It sort of started later than say search on the internet and we've now seen a consolidation where we might just be looking at four or five social media platforms that are going to dominate for the next few decades. So it is always possible that something new is going to come up. But if they're replicating TikTok, I think they're absolutely fighting an uphill battle when people can just move over and start consuming YouTube short content or Instagram real content that's going to do very similar things.

And those places have already got so many users and more importantly, so many creators, which means those places are going to produce the best content and that's what users want. The meta ad platforms of Facebook and Instagram are always changing. Us advertisers need to keep up to date with that.

But in the decade that I've been advertising on Facebook, I think this is going to be the single biggest change. I think it's going to impact Instagram a lot more than it will Facebook. And it could be fantastic for us advertisers.

We'll have a whole bunch of more people to advertise to and more longevity has been added to the platform that we want to advertise on. So make sure you go ahead and subscribe. I'll keep you up to date.

If TikTok does get banned, I'll let you know exactly what's happening in real time or as close to as I possibly can Facebook and Instagram advertising, because there will be some really big changes. I'd also strongly recommend you check out this video where I bring you up to date with meta verified and what's happening there. If you're looking to build a business, advertise on Facebook and Instagram, really important that you're aware of this, because I think it's going to change the landscape somewhat.

Go ahead and check it out.