Hi guys, it's Ben Heath from Lead Guru and today's Facebook advertising question is why aren't my Facebook lookalike audiences generating sales? And this is a question that was asked on my Facebook advertising group and I went back to the person and asked him a few more questions and she confirmed that her lookalike audiences weren't actually running. There wasn't any sort of technical issue because of course you're not going to generate any sales if that's the case.

And she told me that her Facebook lookalike audiences weren't generating sales, the ads were running and they were performing much worse than her other cold audience targeting options which is very interesting because we're a Facebook advertising agency, we spend hundreds of thousands of pounds every month on Facebook advertising and we see that lookalike audiences just about every time will outperform other cold audience targeting options. Now when lookalike audiences don't work, the most common reason is because they've been created using not the best source audience. So just in case you're not familiar with lookalike audiences, they're basically a group of people that are very similar to another group of people.

So for example, you could take a list of your previous customers, upload that to Facebook and say Facebook create me a lookalike of people that are very similar to this group. So you'll be advertising to people that are very similar to your previous customers and that's why they tend to perform so well. But people don't always create lookalike audiences based off of previous customers.

Even though they should, that's what will produce the best results on Facebook. They often create lookalike audiences based off people that like their Facebook page or perhaps people that have visited their website or another form of custom audience that doesn't perform as well. So if your lookalike audience aren't performing very well, it's probably because you've used one of those source audiences that aren't as effective.

I'd strongly recommend that you create your lookalike audiences based off of previous customers and ideally people that have bought the product or service that you're selling in that ad campaign. That nearly always performs really, really well and we run those all the time for our clients. So hopefully you found this video useful.

If you have, please give it a like and don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel. Thanks a lot guys. Bye bye.