If your Facebook ad results have dropped off recently and they look something like this, then that's something we need to talk about. Facebook advertising has changed a ton over the past 12 months, and that has hurt a lot of Facebook advertisers. But it doesn't have to be that way.

In this video, I'm going to explain why and how you can get your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns delivering great results again. So it all started with Apple's release of iOS 14, and actually the changes that Facebook made in anticipation of that release, and then when they actually came in themselves. And it's been a really big deal.

Facebook warned us in advance it was going to be a big deal. Articles like this show that. We knew it was going to happen.

It came in. It was a big deal. And we actually didn't see all the changes that iOS 14, the impact that it had immediately.

It's taken a while for those changes to come through. Things that look like audiences weren't affected immediately, but we know by now that they have been affected significantly by the iOS 14 changes. And a lot of Facebook advertisers have suffered because of the iOS 14 changes.

And the main reason why is they're still running campaigns that worked great in 2020. That sort of campaign structure, that strategy, and that just doesn't work anymore. You have to keep up with the times.

So if you're still running that old style of campaign, I wouldn't be surprised to see results that were as bad as the graph I just showed, or maybe even worse. But if you aren't able to adapt with the times to adjust your Facebook ad approach to suit the new Facebook advertising landscape, you absolutely can see fantastic results. I'm going to talk more about what that looks like in a minute.

But we know this because we're doing this for our clients, and we can see that in their ad accounts, see their results. I mean, take a look at this, for example. We're generating leads here for an incredibly low amount for this client.

You can see the dates. These campaigns have been run fairly recently. And here's another one for an e-commerce business where we're producing ROAS numbers that are really quite fantastic.

So again, and you can see the dates. This is a campaign that's been run fairly recently. So the results are certainly still possible.

It's a case of adjusting and adapting to the new landscape and using strategies and techniques and campaign structures that work now, not stuff that used to work really well in 2020, that two years on is just not going to cut it. Now, before I show you what these new and super effective strategies are, there's something I need to quickly cover first. And I understand that a lot of you are getting very frustrated with all these changes.

You find out something that works, and then it goes and changes. Things don't work. You have to...

It's really annoying. It's very frustrating. But it's kind of tough love time because I've seen an enormous amount of complaining and moaning about this.

You've just got to get on with it. Move forward. Roll with the punches.

And do what you can. There's nothing you or me can do about these changes. It's inevitable.

It may even be one of the things that attracted you into advertising online or setting up an e-commerce company. Is the fast pace of change? The reason why things are really exciting.

This industry didn't even exist a decade ago. Not in its current form, at least. So change is inevitable.

Change is inevitable if you're advertising online, no matter where you're advertising online. Don't make the mistake of thinking the grass is greener on the side. You jump over to TikTok ads, which I've seen a number of people do, even though just about everyone I've seen do that is generating, is seeing higher CPMs and generating worse results.

You think that TikTok ads aren't going to change? If you jump from Facebook ads, TikTok ads, because you're annoyed at Facebook ad changes, trust me, big changes are coming to TikTok or wherever it happens to be that you're going to be advertising on. It's just something that you're going to have to get over to move forward with.

And I would really encourage you to stop seeing change as this big scary thing and seeing this opportunity. And here's why change is actually a fantastic opportunity. Facebook has once again become an educated person's game.

I don't mean educated in terms of university or anything like that. I mean keeping up to date, taking the time to study up on Facebook ads, find out what the changes are, what's working well, watching videos, reading articles, all that sort of stuff. And for a while, Facebook ads got quite easy.

You know, just about anyone could open a Facebook ad account, make sure the Facebook pixel was installed on their website, put together some nice ads, run a conversions campaign, and boom, they got decent results. That wasn't the case five years ago. And it's basically become not the case again now.

That super simplistic setup is not working as well as it used to. You need more complexity. You need more specificity in your ad campaigns.

You need more relationship building. I'm going to talk more about that in a minute. And that means that a lot of the lazy competition, a lot of people that don't take the time to educate themselves around this stuff, they're going to leave.

That's a huge opportunity for those of us that stay and can work it out. Whenever there's a big change, the people that can work out how to make their campaigns work and deliver great results under the new conditions, they win big and they actually win bigger than they would have if the change hadn't been made. Because the change, as I said, will hurt your competition, will scare other people away that aren't willing to invest the time and effort to getting this right.

So it actually represents a great opportunity. And just by the way, by making sure that you're subscribed to my channel, by watching my videos, you're going to be ahead of 95% of your competition, at least, who aren't taking the time to do that stuff. And by the way, if you haven't already, I'd strongly recommend you watch all my videos from this year.

I think that's going to be well worth your time. Make sure you're up to date with all the changes that are going on right now. And of course, if you don't want to keep up with everything yourself and take that time, we can do it for you.

We create, manage and optimize Facebook ad campaigns for our clients. If you want to find out more, there's a link in the video description below. So I mentioned that you now need to use more complex Facebook advertising sales funnels if you want to see great results.

And my favorite Facebook advertising sales funnel is demonstrated in detail in this video here. It's a new way of advertising on Facebook using a sales funnel structure that you probably haven't seen before, but it could be an absolute game changer for you and your Facebook ads. Go ahead and check it out.