In this video, I'm going to explain the real reason why Facebook bans so many ad accounts. It's not because they don't want small advertisers advertising on the platform, which is something you hear from a lot of people and it's just not true, but your ad account is way more likely to get banned if you are a small advertiser. So to understand what's going on here, we need to understand what Facebook or Meta is, what's their objective, what are they looking to achieve?

Yes, they want your money. You as an advertiser are their customer, their users are not their customers. That's actually their product.

We're their customers. They care about us a lot. And Facebook actually told us that during the iOS 14 release, that the majority of the revenue and the massive profits they generate from that revenue come from small and medium-sized businesses.

It's not like they just want to work with big, large corporate entities. That's not the case at all. But above taking your money, the highest priority thing is that they retain the users on their platform because that's their product.

And they absolutely want to police it closely. They absolutely want to make sure that they can maintain a good user experience. They don't want any advertisers doing things that put users off and make users of Facebook and Instagram and maybe in the future WhatsApp go, I don't want to use this platform anymore.

That's the thing they're really trying to avoid. And because of that, ad accounts get banned when Facebook thinks that an advertiser within that ad account is going to do something, create ads that's going to lead to a poor user experience. And that's why they've created this Facebook advertising policies document, which I've got in front of you right now.

I'd strongly recommend you check this out if you haven't already been through it and you are advertising on Facebook and Instagram. I'll include a link in the video description. And from this, you can see, I'm not going to go through all the points, but from this, you can see that Facebook's trying to make sure that we don't include anything in our ads that could be even slightly controversial, anything misleading, anything that's going to lead to a bad user experience.

And that can go from things that are really quite controversial and obviously not the stuff that people want, like illegal products and services, all the way down to much more minor things that a lot of people wouldn't have an issue with. OK, and Facebook's looking at this through the most sensitive lenses. There's many things that you think, well, how on earth is that misleading?

Or how on earth could that be controversial or offensive to some people? Well, me and you might agree on that, but there might be some people that might find it that way, that might find that controversial, might find it offensive. And that's who Facebook is sort of bringing the line down towards.

And this is understandable. I'm actually kind of glad that Facebook polices things closely because there's been a lot of advertisers on Facebook and Instagram that have not behaved properly, shall we say. A lot of dropshippers, not all dropshippers, obviously, but some dropshippers that have been misleading around how long it's going to take for the product to deliver, to arrive.

And then when it does arrive, it's nowhere near as good a quality as you were led to believe in. These sorts of things have happened. And Facebook's trying to get rid of all that sort of stuff, along with the more obvious ad account bans that take place.

And it helps protect the integrity of platform, helps protect us as Facebook advertisers, because we don't want users going, I'll never buy anything from a Facebook or Instagram ad because they're all rubbish. That would be terrible for all of us. So this is important.

Now, is Facebook's system for working this out and working which ad accounts should be banned and which one shouldn't way overly sensitive? 100%. It is flawed and it leads to a lot of ad accounts being banned when they shouldn't be.

But Facebook, Meta, are taking the approach that they'd rather be safe than sorry on all this stuff. And that's what we're dealing with. And because Facebook has millions of advertisers, there's no way they could hire enough people to review each individual ad individually as a person.

AI does a lot of this work and it gets it wrong all the time. And Facebook is aware of this. OK, so they've got like this support documentation here.

If we scroll down, you know, troubleshoot a disabled ad account, scroll down to this section down here. And they've got a section here saying what to do if you think your ad account was disabled by mistake. And you can request a review where you are effectively saying, look, I think the AI got it wrong here.

Can you please get a person to take a look at this? And Meta will go ahead and do that for you. So don't take it personally if you do get an ad account ban.

Appeal the decision. If you haven't made any mistakes, then you're going to get it back. If you've made big mistakes, then you are unlikely to get it back.

If you've made small mistakes, Facebook will probably say you made these mistakes. Don't do it again. You'll be fine.

But I want to highlight this section here. Repeated violations. If we find that an ad account is repeatedly trying to run ads that don't comply with our policies, we may determine the advertiser represents a risk to the platform, which is exactly what I'm talking about.

That's what they're worried about. It presents a risk to the platform. And Facebook really errs on the side of caution here.

If they suspect that your ad account represents a risk to the platform, they're just going to go ahead and ban it straight away. So a good thing to do as a Facebook advertiser is to keep an eye on account quality, which is linked through here, or you can access it from within your Facebook ad account. And in account quality, you can see, for example, number of rejected ads, all sorts of useful information.

It's worth keeping an eye on this. Now, I have to say that Meta does bend the rules a lot. And they do it primarily based on two factors.

The first is location. Advertisers in certain locations give Facebook Meta a lot more issues when it comes to following advertiser policies than others. And if you happen to be advertising for one of those in one of those locations, you might see that your ad account is more likely to get banned, your ads are more likely to be misapproved, not because of anything you've done, but unfortunately because of what people near you have done in establishing that precedent.

Okay, so that's the first thing. Second thing is budget. Facebook will allow you to get away with more stuff if you spend more on the platform or have spent more on the platform.

You are far less likely to get rejected ads in here in ad accounts that have a history of large ad spend. Does that seem fair? No, but it is understandable.

You see, Facebook is always weighing up the risk versus reward. Are they willing to take a slightly larger risk on an ad account that is spending a lot more with them? Yes, much in the same way that you might take on a more difficult client if they've got a particularly large budget or, you know, you might meet special requirements for that really large order of product because it's a really large order of products you're willing to do that.

Facebook is a for-profit business and that's what they're doing in. They're weighing up that risk versus reward. Also with larger advertisers, they can dedicate more manpower to it, to actually getting human beings to review that sort of stuff.

Larger ad accounts tend to get better access to reps and things like that. So it's not a one-size-fits-all approach here at all. There are definitely tiers, definitely things that larger ad accounts can get away with.

And often when you see ads pop up and you think, how on earth has that gotten approved? Most of the time it's because it's coming from an ad account with a lot of spend history. And as I said, they bend the rules.

The long-term solution here for smaller advertisers seems to be that they just go ahead and improve their AI systems and actually get better at automatically detecting which ads are a problem and which ads aren't a problem and remove so many of the ads that get disapproved incorrectly and so many of the Facebook ad accounts that get banned incorrectly. So what do you need to do as a Facebook advertiser to help ensure that your ad account doesn't get banned or get it back if it has been and make sure it doesn't get banned again? First thing, obviously go through this advertiser policies document.

I've already recommended that. The other thing is to think about your ads and what it is that you're advertising through Facebook or Meta's eyes. Is what you're doing likely to annoy users, put them off the platform in any way?

If it is, then it's probably something you need to change in order to get your ads approved and not run into any issues going forward. And if you do have an active Facebook ad account, you absolutely have to check out this video. In it, I show you a brand new way of advertising on Facebook that can deliver unbelievable results.

It'd be well worth your time. Check it out here.