If you're running retargeting campaigns on Facebook right now, there's a very good chance that you're doing it wrong. And specifically, there's a very good chance you're being caught out by a sneaky Facebook ads feature that should not exist, that is turned on by default, and that you absolutely need to make sure that you turn off. I'm going to show you exactly how to do that in this video.

So to demonstrate what's likely going wrong with your retargeting campaigns on Facebook, I'm in an example Facebook ad account. I'm going to quickly create a new campaign and then show you exactly what the issue is here and how you fix it. So I'm just going to go ahead and create a sales campaign for now.

And then what I'm going to do is jump over to the ad set level where we can add in a warm audience. That's what retargeting is, targeting warm audiences, and I'll show you what the problem is. So if I scroll down here to custom audiences and I add in, click into this little thing here, and I add in website visitors, for example, a custom audience that we target all the time as a Facebook ads agency for our clients, something I'd recommend just about every Facebook advertiser use.

If you have people being sent to your website, you absolutely want to be retargeting them. Now, when you add in website visitors like I have just done there, and then you click off, you will see that automatically this little feature here, advantage custom audience is selected. That's turned on by default when you add in a warm audience.

And when this is turned on, what that means is that Facebook will advertise the people in your warm audience. So people that have visited your website, but they will also advertise to other people as well. You can see here, it says reach people beyond your custom audience when it is likely to improve performance.

Now, sometimes that's okay. If you're an e-commerce business offering a 10% discount to absolutely everyone, cold audiences, warm audiences, etc. If Facebook decides to not just advertise to people who visit your website, but advertise to other people in this ad set as well, is that the end of the world?

Probably not. But sometimes having this feature turned on is absolutely terrible. For example, if you're advertising to people in warm audiences that have taken a specific action, and you want to communicate to them on that level, or give them a special offer based on the action they've taken.

For example, let's say you want to give people that have visited your website a special discount that other people don't get, cold audiences don't get. Or perhaps people have been through a webinar of yours, and therefore they understand more about your product or service, and you could talk to them in the ad in a different way. You can say things like, now that you've been through my webinar, the next logical step is this.

Well, what happens if you try and target the people that have been through your webinar, have visited your website, have whatever your warm audience is, but actually Facebook is putting your ads in front of people that haven't taken those actions? I've never even seen this guy before. Your prospects are going to see ads pop up that just make absolutely no sense to them.

That's not only a waste of budget, but it also makes you look really amateur because ads will be popping up that are clearly not designed for them when they shouldn't be. Now, I would strongly recommend that the vast majority of Facebook advertisers, when you're targeting warm audiences, turn this off. Well, that was easy.

Reaching other people who are other people, cold audiences, is for other ad sets, other campaigns. You don't want that bundled in. You want to know exactly how your warm audiences are performing.

You can't do that properly with this feature turned up. Now, there's one other really important thing I need to explain about this feature that catches even more people out than what I just covered, but before I do that, I just want to quickly let you know about our done-for-you Facebook and Instagram advertising services. So my company can create, manage, and optimize your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns.

We can handle all the workload, take that off your hands. We can also help you get much better results. If you want to find out more, you can go ahead and click on the link in the video description below.

That'll take you to a page where you can book in a call directly with one of my team members. These calls are, of course, free, no obligation. You could just find out more information, see if we'd be a good fit, and hopefully we get a chance to work together.

So as I said, there's an extra sneaky thing about this feature that you need to watch out for. So we've added in website visitors into this ad set, and when we did, the advantage custom audience feature was automatically turned on. Now, you might run this ad set, and then let's say come back in a few weeks or maybe longer and add in other warm audiences.

And I do actually recommend that you stack warm audiences into one ad set. We don't do that with cold audiences because we want to know how each cold audience is performing by itself. But with warm audiences, we don't need that information.

We know that our website visitors, people on our email list, they're all going to deliver good results. That's virtually guaranteed. So we don't need that separation of data.

Happy to bundle them in. That gives you a larger audience, and that helps improve your results. So if I now go ahead and click in here and add in another custom audience, let's say video viewers, for example, 25% video viewers, you will see that even though we had this feature turned off a second ago, it is now turned back on.

Now, I've been caught out with this. So many Facebook advertisers have been caught out with this a number of times. You've created the ad set.

You think you've got it all set up. You remember to turn it off the first time. But anytime you make an adjustment to this ad set, this feature is going to turn on.

Facebook really wants you to turn this on. Now, the reason is pretty obvious, and it's a bit unfortunate. It's because they want to make more money off you.

By having this feature automatically turned on, it increases the size of your audience. It means it's more likely that you're going to spend more money through this ad set. That is not something that we necessarily want.

We want specific targeting because we know that leads to better results if you've got it set up correctly. So anytime you come in and add in another warm audience, which is something I definitely recommend you do, you need to absolutely make sure that that is turned off. And otherwise, again, you're going to see real issues.

First, you'll be looking at your data and thinking, hang on, I've only got a couple thousand website visitors. Why is the reach in that ad set at 30,000 people? That doesn't make any sense.

And you'll also see, and this is something I've seen personally, comments on ads from people that are saying things like, I'm not sure I'm meant to see this. Is this for me? Not sure this is right.

Which, as I said, makes you look really amateur. Because if I'm advertising, let's say, my Facebook Ads Insiders course, and I'm offering it to only people that have been through my webinar, if that ad is put in front of, yes, people that have been through my webinar, but also people that have not been through my webinar, it just looks rubbish. And of course, those people aren't going to convert because in that ad, it's a video ad, the one I'm talking about, I'm mentioning things like the fact that they've been through the webinar and that their logical next step, now that they've got that information that they've got for free, is to go ahead and purchase the course.

So really important that you're aware of this and you turn it off and that your retargeting is as specific as you want it to be and you're actually reaching the people you want to, not a ton of other people. And whilst we're on the topic of retargeting, I'd strongly recommend you check out this video. In that video, I show you a new Instagram retargeting feature, really exciting, very much changes the game when it comes to retargeting on Instagram, well worth a quick watch.