Hello guys, I wanted to do this video today, which is an update about the feedback page quality score. And basically, I have observed something. First of all, let me show you how you can go there so that you can check for yourself.

If you're on the Ads Manager, you're clicking on the menu and then you are going to actually go to account quality. Over there, you're going to scroll down and find the correct page of your... this is the one over here.

And we can see here that we are having 3.9. This account used to have 5 or 4.9 and I'm also having other accounts that are having exactly the same issue. Let me tell you what is happening.

I have observed that it's happening between 20 of July and between 27. So between 20 and 27, I have seen this drop. This is another ad account.

Again, between 20 and 27, most probably something happened on that period. And after that period, you can see that we are having actually the same account quality and we cannot go back to the 5 that we were. So most probably Facebook introduced something, maybe some other questions and stuff.

Let me give you a little bit of the context about the account quality score. The context about the account quality score and sorry for not creating a much more professional video about it, but I think that this is urgent and I have to inform you and I would like to also build a little bit of discussion around the subject. Maybe someone knows more, you know, and we can help each other.

So the whole context is that if you go below two, you are going to be banned and you're not going to be able to advertise anymore. So that's the whole idea that you are, if you do that, you are not a good advertiser anymore, you are a threat for the community and they're not going to let you advertise, they're just going to ban you. So having a very good account quality score is very important.

Facebook page account quality score is very important. And let me tell you that the higher you are, I'm observing in several cases that you're getting also better quality traffic. One of the main reasons that you might be having bad score is the delivery.

When, for example, for dropshippers and they have a video about dropshipping that I'm explaining this, because they have very high shipping times, what is happening is that basically Facebook is asking the question to the customers, hey, did you receive the product? Customers say no, so you're having bad quality. So a lot of dropshippers are actually getting banned after some point because the shipping times from China, it's about three or four weeks.

So this is the issue. Now, one thing is that first of all, you can set your delivery speed. When you click on it, you can say the regions that you're advertising and how long it's taking.

You can change this one, for example. If your problem is the shipping times, you can take this to higher and higher and higher so that it would make sense and Facebook is not going to ask the people much earlier. Although in that case, this is not the issue because here we're having delivery in two, three days in the United States.

So I don't think that it's the delivery. Another thing that you can do is that you can check over here in the detailed feedback some of the topics. So product quality, we can see that we exceeded expectations, everything was good, order accuracy, nothing, shipping, nothing, refunds or exchanges, nothing, not enough data.

Communication, we can see that we're on 50-50 with exceeded expectations and below expectations. A little bit to the brand about the customer support and how they're doing it. Maybe this can help us improve.

But for sure, I can see that something happened between 20 and 27 of July and the drop has happened. Let's see also on the other accounts just to take a taste. Of course, I can show you another five or six accounts that they have the same issue.

There are some others that they didn't actually got affected. But still, I can see this across several accounts. So you can see 20, 27 here.

Here we are on 4.1. And don't get me wrong, okay? Being on 4 is also good.

But why not being on 5? You know, there's no point. So product quality, exceed the expectation, everything good.

Shipping here, nothing. Shipping, for example, is below expectation here. Maybe we need to talk to them about shipping.

This product is a digital product, which means that they're getting the product immediately. So most probably, maybe they're being asked by Facebook, did you receive your product by mail or something? I don't know.

And they're saying no, we didn't receive it because it's a digital product. So it's below expectation, maybe. Communication here is also below expectation.

So here we can see that the below expectation thing is a thing that... And here it says also below expectation so that you can see immediately. And here we can see most probably...

No, here it's 50-50. Yeah. So in this account, basically what it says with the 50-50 is that it's not below expectation.

So all of the things are good. We don't have an indication why the score over here dropped. But over here, we can see that we have two main things to work with.

Shipping and communication. And of course, if they're asking about shipping and our product is digital, this is not our issue. This is not our product.

But for communication, most probably this company, I think that it can improve. So let me know if you can see this also into your pages, if you have the same issue. Let me know if you talked with any Facebook representative and they told you because the Facebook representatives that I have talked to told me nothing.

Just plain messages of go and check the whole pages of page quality, which is something that I have done other times and I'm not going to do it now. And let me know if you have any other idea of why you think that this is happening, if it's happening for you. Okay, guys.

So basically, I forgot to tell you some stuff. This is a European account actually. And for some European accounts, I have seen that it happened between 6 and 13.

Some others, it was between 20 and 27. But I just wanted to give you also this update about European accounts or other accounts. Maybe you can enlighten me if you have different for other countries.

And another thing that I forgot to tell you is that if you come here, for example, you go to the menu and then you go to your meta business suite. Okay, you will be able to come to the meta business suite and if you click over here to all tools, you will be able to see a ratings and review. Some of you might not have it, but the ones of you that you have it, you can click on this one and you can come here and you can see the reviews.

So basically, you can see all of the reviews. So here it has four, five, you know, here you can see if you're having a bad review and what they are saying, because if you hover over it, you can see the text. Obviously, I cannot show you the texts over here, but if you go into your account, you will be able to see what is happening.

And maybe you can get an idea of why people are not happy with your services and everything. And I hope that this is going to help you.