Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about the Facebook Ad agencies and all the problems that they're causing to the market. So if you're following this channel you know that I'm against a lot of agencies and there are some agencies that they are doing a very good job but I do know that most of the agencies they have a model which is all about onboarding all the time clients not caring about the results that they give and if the client leaves fine we're going to find another one another one another one but this is causing a huge issue for all of us that we're trying to give decent results to our accounts. Personally I don't take any everyone who comes to me I just see if their product makes sense if they have results and all of that and if I can help them but the agencies they don't have this filter and they just take everyone most of the time showing case studies of some of their successes actually promoting that they can do the same for everyone and this is causing a problem to the market because then the trust is being lost.

There are so many people that they can and if you had an experience write it on the comment I guess that they had a bad experience with an agency. Most of the times they tell you this and that and they show you an ad account or a case study then they give your ad account to someone who doesn't know about Facebook ads and they start running your ads destroying and we're going to analyze a little bit the different things that the agencies are doing and why you should be careful. Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

I do have access on some other accounts that agencies are working but I'm not going to share with you I'm just going to tell you what I have seen what I have observed. First of all one of my friends lost one of his clients because the agency there's an agency that came and talked to the client and told him that hey we're going to we're going to give you a free audit for example and all of that they told some things what they have done is that they went there they have actually closed all of his campaigns and basically what happened is that the whole ad account actually collapsed. So the agencies that they don't know they just go into another account that maybe it's working there for months years having very good campaigns and then they go and they close the campaigns and they want to push their own agenda or the things that they believe that they know better and most of the times this is going to ruin completely another account.

Second case is that they might come because for them it's like a factory you know they get clients clients clients and by getting all of these clients they are just giving the job to more people so having an agency means that you are hiring people in order to do the job and you're just scaling scaling like this. This means that there is no way that you're going to have good quality of services across all of your clients and you don't care about having it you just care about onboarding all the time and just whoever is going to leave you're just going to replace him with another. Even if you talk with someone on your onboarding call and you are going to see a person who is the leading manager or I don't know someone who knows about Facebook ads most probably you're not going to work with that person the job is going to be delegated to another worker which is going to take him a lot of time to do the ads.

I have seen agencies not doing changes to profound mistakes for months. I have seen agencies going and doing even now link link campaigns, content view campaigns, traffic campaigns and the retargeting. It looks to me like we're talking for amateurs or people that they don't have the filter to actually hire good freelancers to do the job on the ads manager.

Everything started since the Tai Lopez era and then Iman Gadge and all of these people that they said that you can create an agency and just do nothing other people are going to work and you will just onboard clients. You know it sounds really fascinating like dropshipping or other models to tell you that it's very easy for you to make money. When you listen at something that is very easy most of the times there are people that they are going to come which are not going to have the quality of actually doing the job and there are a lot of agencies that they are taking money and leaving.

There are a lot of agencies that are just lying about the results. There are a lot of agencies that they just don't board clients that they don't care about the results and there are a lot of people that they have been mistreated or they have seen their ad accounts being destroyed or other things from agencies and then they have zero trust to anyone else. Let me tell you that there are freelancers out there if not me or someone else you know you can find someone who is going to actually work one-on-one on your ad account without delegating the job to someone else and they are going to communicate with you trying to actually fix your ad account.

This is what I'm doing with my ad accounts and this is why I'm against of agencies. I do understand that there are some very good agencies that they do 360 like creatives all of their platforms and stuff because myself I'm doing only Facebook and Instagram but even if I started now a business I would never give all of my advertising budget to an agency I would just hire freelancers for the different jobs because I know that this is the best possible way of using my own money. One more thing that I see really often is as I like to call it one trick pony agencies.

What they do is exactly the same structure in all of the ad accounts using three campaigns. One is going to be ABO which is going to have ABO testing, another one it's going to be CBO which is going to be for scaling and another one is going to be retargeting. There are some other agencies that they are even worse and they even do traffic ads or awareness ads and then they retarget these ads and we have shown examples of that and the problem is that if you go you're going to see that they have exactly the same structure which means that whoever is implementing this on the ad account is somebody who is just following orders or a blueprint and Facebook ads are not working like this.

Each ad account is different, its business is different and you cannot do the same things here and there. The problem is that they don't care because if it's going to work it's going to work, if not it's not. Who cares?

We're going to find more clients, if it's going to work they're going to stay more. So what? The other thing that I see about the structure is that you see in this standard for example we test so many different things from crazy methods, stack glue collection, all of that.

There isn't that I'm posting all of this, it's because I don't believe that they are working in all the ad accounts. I believe that something of all of these things is going to work in another account eventually and it's going to help one person here and there and there that they are struggling. The point of having the same strategy for all ad accounts is the most stupid thing that you can do because the marketing doesn't work like this, the funnels are different, the average order value is different, the cost per purchase for products is different, advertising in Poland, advertising in Greece, advertising in the United States is different.

How can you use the same blueprint everywhere? It's not making any sense. And now the most important thing, all the agencies are working with three-month contracts, five-month contracts, why are they doing that?

Because they are afraid that people are going to live in the first month with their stupid results and they have a very good story about it, you know. They say that the first month we're going to do testing, the second month we're going to start seeing how it goes, the third month we're going to do that and then boom, if you want to live, leave. Yes, but they made money three months in a contract that should have ended maybe in some cases in the first month.

In all of my contracts, I tell to the people that we're not going to work in a three-monthly basis, we're just going to work every month and every month you're going to decide if you want to continue or not. Why? Because this is the first thing to do.

I know it's not enough time and I do understand the other part that says, but yeah, but one month maybe it's not going to be enough. I do understand that. But on the other hand, I do think that a lot of agencies are misusing this so that they can be able to imprison clients in three-month contracts because, to be honest with you, I also don't like to take clients for one month.

It's too much work and too much effort and if the client leaves in one month, basically you're losing out of it. But if the client stays, then it's very good because you understand the other account, you are learning how it's working and all of that. So it's less stressful for you.

This is another disadvantage with agencies, with all of these contracts and stuff. And for me, the reason that they do it is not because they need time and all of that. It's because it's within their model to keep people for three months or it's not going to be sustainable for them because they are losing a lot of clients with the way that they are handling ads.

So that's all for today. Be careful with agencies and all of the lies that they're saying. And there are several people that they are coming to me after they have worked with an agency and all of that.

The point here is not to get burnt initially, okay? You know, be careful. I hope that this is going to help some of you to stay safe away from agencies.

Most of them are young kiddos that they just want to start their own business and this is the best model that they can have. They go to Upwork, they hire someone from India or Pakistan without... I have nothing against India or Pakistan, but obviously I have seen these people working and I know that the quality of their job is less and they don't have knowledge.

They just care about doing something basic and taking the money. The same thing is happening with them because they want to hire someone for cheap and they don't care also about the results. It's just another hassle for them so that they can buy their Lamborghini and they can post it on Instagram and pretend that they are businessmen.

That's the whole problem with agencies right now that they're being run from with kiddos and small kids. I would strongly like all of these kiddos to stay on the Bitcoin and all of these NFTs things and leave the ads alone so that everyone who is serious with it, we can actually do our job. But I guess this is a big dream of mine and it's never going to happen.

On the other hand, there's always going to be people that are going to be exploited. But I hope that this video is going to save some of you from being exploited from a bad cooperation. Don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course or my website.

And until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.