Hello Faze & Coats people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm coming to you with another trap that Meta has set so that you're not going to spend less. I have done a series of videos with different things that Meta is doing in order to make you spend more from the budget proposals and the forecasts, then we have the opportunity score, we have as Meta is calling them high performing and all of that is so that you're going to spend more. Let me be clear, Meta is not a non-profit organization, they are going to always try to make you spend more.

Money please! Oh no, no, there's no money. I'll just destroy this office.

As I said in the previous videos, the learning phase is also in the same principle that they try to make you spend more on when you're spending less money and you are not reaching the 50 events that you need to surpass the landing phase. I don't care about the learning phase, I care only about the things that they see in the platform and if they work or not. If any of these features was going to work, I was going to tell you and I was going to tell you to use it.

But I'm testing all of these things, most of the times I'm a little bit of, you know, skeptical about them when I see them, but at the end of the day I'm testing them and I'm telling you what is working across accounts. Let's go into my PC, let me show you a print screen because I don't want to mess my ad accounts by closing to trigger one pop-up window like this. And let's discuss about this feature.

What I have seen, I have clicked both of the buttons and let you my experiences with it. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

So this is the pop-up window that you're going to see and let's analyze it. Obviously I'm going to hide the names over here so that you won't be able to see. But what do we have is me closing two campaigns for 300 and basically it says that you can distribute this budget.

Basically, in other words, it says please keep spending this 300. Now, the thing over here is that the blue button as always is the button that they propose you to push and it's the update budget. When you do that, it's going to do distribution of the budget on its own to different campaigns, not to one but to different.

And the don't update budget is going to do nothing. I prefer to use this option over here so that I'm not going to get confused. Another thing that it has as a feature is that you can come and you can see the distribute budget and across which campaigns you are going to do it.

For sure, pressing just the update button, it's going to be an issue. I don't use it at all. If I want to increase a campaign, I increase it.

I don't take suggestions to when I'm closing something to replace the budget. If I want to replace it, I will replace it on my own based on analyzing the other campaigns and not based on one simple button. Another way from Meta to make you spend more without caring about your results actually because there is no reasoning over here.

Okay, so they say potential outcome and stuff but this is total BS. They don't even say where this data is coming from. Oh, they should say here in this most likely it's coming from modeling, from people doing it, blah blah.

I wouldn't use that. Don't use it and just learn to do everything manually without trusting these pop-up windows and messages that they always try to make you spend more. My argument to this is that I have never seen a pop-up window that is saying that spend less because you're going to have better results.

When I'm going to see that, I'm going to trust them more. I will see you for the closing of the video. So, nothing crazy, just ignore it.

Don't use it because at the end of the day, you don't know what is going to cause. Just learn to work manually without any suggestion from Meta and you're going to just be fine. Don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, my website.

You can check also my mentorship programs and then I'll tell you again guys. Be creative and be consistent.