Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss if you still need to use Interests in 2024. So there are a lot of people that they do debate that Interests is not something that we should be using anymore because we have broad targeting and the algorithm is very good and it can help us get the sales that we want. True and false, let's analyze it a little bit.

So first of all, yes broad targeting is the ultimate goal of each other account but as we say several times in this channel there is nothing wrong or bad or something that we should never use again. Everything can be used in specific cases. Let me explain.

By the way I do know from Meta that they don't have teams working actively on Interests and they remove a lot of Interests, we don't have as many as we used to have before and this is what is making people talk about the end of Interests and all of that. But let me tell you my personal experience with one or two cases. So we have another account which is advertising for example in Switzerland, in Australia, in Poland.

Okay, a small ad account and in this ad account you are targeting for example I believe in Poland from the comment of one person it was 12 million, Australia is 20 million, Switzerland is a little bit less. I think it's 8-9 million but I'm not sure about Switzerland. I haven't done ads for 3-4 months.

2, 2 months. Over there we are having some potential reach in the broad targeting which is kind of the interests that we are using in United States with a new pixel. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So, not good or bad settings but understanding where we have to use each of the things. I have a video where I'm showing the CPMs in a new ad account where I saw that I started with Advance Plus, it was having 30 30 plus pounds in United Kingdom, it was having 30 pounds in Advance Plus and then I did interest that it was having 13 and that helped me start having sales, sales, sales until I'm able to reach the point that I'm going to do broad targeting.

So, it's not okay to come and say that interests are not usable anymore because you can use them in big countries and let me explain more. When you're starting with a new pixel, you are going to have more expensive traffic if you go to broad audiences but eventually you're going to end up to the broad audiences after training your pixel. But this doesn't mean that you cannot use the interests initially and this is maybe one of the things that Meta is now trying to change by having the Advantage Plus audience which is going to be basically an interest which also expands to a bigger audience and yes it's going to need some guidance initially to find some sales in the interest and maybe expand it too broad so that it can work.

But this was a very big gap between the small and the bigger accounts because what we were having there is that there were other accounts with smaller pixels that Meta was just saying do Advantage Plus and it wasn't working, it was very expensive and there is data to back it up with CPMs and results. And when you do interest it was working. The reason is that in an audience of 200 million people it's very difficult in a broad audience your pixel to be able to actually find sales.

You might get lucky initially and it's going to but it's not the case with all the other accounts. If you're having a new pixel and you want to advertise to United States, Canada or United Kingdom which are big countries, then if you see that after Advantage Plus you're failing maybe you have to go back to interests so that you can do a smaller targeting with 12 million, 15 million, 20 million, 25 million. These are ideal audiences.

But if you're advertising to Poland, Greece, New Zealand which is 6 million, Australia which is 20 million, you should not use interests. Just use them as last resort if you're having very big failure with your Advantage Plus campaigns. In other words, the broad targeting over there in these smaller countries, it's like the targeting that you're doing with an interest in a country like United States, United Kingdom and Canada.

So if you think of it, what really defines what is going to be successful or not in a new pixel is the audience that we target. And if we think of it, in United States we cannot target 200 million people and expect to have results so we have to drop to 20, 30, 40, 50 million. But if we go in a country like Australia or other smaller countries and we're already targeting 20 million people or we can do even a differentiation to the demographic targeting only women because this is our niche, that's even better because then the equivalent of the broad targeting there is one interest in United States.

This is why I'm trying to say that we should not just say interests are bad, we should not use them. We should just use everything wherever it makes sense and whenever it makes sense based on data. I started on my own in the campaigns that I showed you in this video with Advantage Plus.

It was super expensive with no sales. I went to interest and I will go back to broad targeting whenever I feel that my pixel is trained. Maybe I'm going to do also lookalikes along the way in order to make the process even faster.

Don't be really fast and fanatics with things like this is not working anymore blah blah blah and just try to be a little bit more open and understand that everything is working for every specific situation and you should not just do one thing only at a time like being one trick ponies as we call them. So be careful and I hope that you're going to be more creative and more consistent guys. So don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course or my website and until we meet again be creative and be consistent guys.