Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Γεια Φασίλου Φασίλου Ατσίλου Ατσίλου Ανθίλου Αυτό που είμαι Κωνσταντίνος Και σήμερα θα απαντήσουμε την ερώτηση Είναι τα καταλογητικαστικά της Φασίλου Ατσίλου Ατσίλου Ατσίλου Ατσίλου Αυτό Ήταν μιλάχιστος με έναν Επιστροφή και μου είπε ότι Ένα από τα καταλογητικά δεν συμβαίνει καλύτερα Γιατί το καταλογητικό δεν ήταν καλύτερο Και έπιστευα με τον τον κοινό με τον εαυτό Ήταν κάτι που δεν ξέρω Ήταν νέα ειναι Και ξεκινήσαμε να προσπαθώ για το και πιο Και έπιστευα ότι ήταν μία αλλαγή που έκανα σε πολλές άλλες αγκάνες Ουπς Και αυτό είναι 1967 Θα πconf chegar αCHと Eagles Αnaments Milwaukee Ώσαν να γιατού どbenoreanανcentury эти μία αbone Ώomo Ώomo Ώomo Ώwu Ώμuş Και Ώμăn Ώ ler Ώμ Ώμ Ώ Υ Ώ Dort Ώ Ώ Ώ Ο Ώ Ώ Ώ Λ Ώ Ώ Facebook explained what is the match rate. A catalog match occurs when an event signals have been matched with a product. So basically, is your store sending enough data so that the catalog can have all of your products with the right URLs and everything is going to be right.

This is the big question over here. And a lot of times we use the catalogs and because they are so problematic on their own, we see mistakes and errors and stuff and we just ignore them because this is what we'll learn to do because they work anyway. But what if you are matching and you are having a catalog of 20 products when in reality you are having 1000 products?

So Facebook over here is explaining one of the common reasons that this might happen. It could be outdated IDs in your catalog. For example, you had a product, you changed the URL, you changed the category that you had it and it didn't actually report back properly.

Then you have the pixel which might have some issues and it's not reporting properly. And then it explains how you can actually go and you can check the match rate. So the situation here is simple.

You go to the Commerce Manager. From that you go to your events. As you can see over here, it's under the catalog thing.

And then you go to the first view displays and an overview of data events sources and match rate quality. So if you are green, it means that you are all good. Okay.

But if you are having issues, you are going to see something like this. This is what I have seen in our case that 36.2% of views cannot be retargeted. It was red.

So for me, obvious this was a red signal. And then I checked other accounts and they showed that they also had issues with their catalogs. Of course, we know that catalogs is the most buggy thing that exists right now on the Facebook platform.

I just informed the developer. And the developer fixed it in all of the cases for the sites that I'm working with. So if you see something like this, discuss with your developer.

Something is wrong in terms of reporting. And then here it says that you need to have 90% plus in your catalog match rate. And this is very important.

And some other stupid information that I'm not going to explain here. But just to close, I'm going to say that I also believe that the match rate has to be very high on the catalogs. The catalogs are working like this.

Someone is coming to your store. He's watching one item out of the 1000 items. And then when you retarget them with your Facebook ads, they're going to see a casual ad.

And the first item that they're going to see is the last item that they have seen to the store. And then the second, the third are also going to be items that they have seen to the store. This is why it's so effective to use in the bottom of the funnel, especially retargeting catalog ads.

I'm not using them in the middle of the funnel, but in the bottom of the funnel, I find them super good. And also I find it very efficient way of retargeting when you're having a store that has a lot of items and not just 10 or 20 items. I couldn't agree more with Facebook about the 90%.

Someone might say, hey, is it going to work for example with 85% match rate? I don't know. And I'm not going to even test it because this is something that can be fixed easily with one of your developers.

If your developers goes, you can go to this kind of match rates. It's not going to be an issue. As you know, I'm using mostly retargeting catalogs for my bottom of funnel.

And I find them extremely efficient, especially in stores that they have so many products. and you need a catalog instead of just targeting with your best sellers. The best sellers are going to be on the top of funnel, helping you getting traffic.

But the bottom of funnel needs to have all the products because you don't know what the people are watching. So that's all I had for you today. If you want to learn more about Facebook ads, check my free course and my book.

Until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent.