Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Είμαι ο Κασταντίνος και ειδικά θα μιλήσουμε για τις εξωτερικές και τις εξωτερικές πληροφορίες. Ποιο από τους δύο θα χρησιμοποιήσουμε. Λοιπόν, αν θέλουμε εξωτερικές πληροφορίες ή δεν.

Λοιπόν, αν θέλω ότι ο ΦΑΣΟΥΚΙΟΥΣΗ χρησιμοποιεί για εξωτερικές λόγες που θα πω να αναφερθεί τώρα. Ζω muốn σω静! Хось territory qui έχει κάνει την ώρα ζωής.

γнож Nu появ chance οι θέλεις αλλάζει ο toque. Άσως, για την πάντηması ήθεση για τις εξωτερικές πληροφορίες. Βλέπετε τηνápρα στη δεναρά του...

Θε chicos, εδώ στην εξωτερικ Rare transformation 362k with 2.8 mili. Okay, so revenue. Let's start analyzing a little bit the campaigns and then let me tell you what I believe about it and you can do the math.

Here what we see is that we have four sales on Reels, on Facebook, Storage and Mobile App we have none. The majority of the sales is coming from Facebook feeds, 278, 9 from desktop Facebook feed and then we have one sale on Marketplace, we have another 6 sales on Marketplace Mobile App, we have one more on Search Results on Desktop, we have Video Feed on Facebook which is bringing 4 sales, 36 sales on Instagram feed, one sale on Explore, Instagram Explore Home. So these are also very big spends and numbers so that you can understand.

over here in this campaign we have a revenue of 112k and the spend of 15k already. So we continue, we have Explore Home, Instagram Reels 3, Instagram Stories 23 and Uncategorized 7. So if we do it like this, we can see that over here most of the sales came from the Facebook feed and then we have some sales from this feed.

So let's calculate the ones that are above 10. Okay, Instagram Stories, 7 Explore Home, Feed and so on. So over here the more we're going to analyze it we will start to see some usual suspects which is always the audience network.

It's the in-stream video, always, never had a sales from me. On Marketplace I can see some sales and we have the right column and the search results here that they rarely have something and that's it. Okay, and then you see on Messenger Stories you never get sales also and so on.

Let's continue on the next one. Again, audience network, nothing. We have some Reels, Stories, Facebook Feed, we have the majority of the sales coming here.

Then we go to the next one, we have on Marketplace some sales. So this is something that we see also coming, Marketplace. And then we go to the Feed, Feed, Feed, Explore Home, Some Sales, Reels, Stories, Messenger, it has three sales on this and then Uncategorized.

And then again we have Audience Network which has nothing. We have Instant Article, In-stream Video, nothing again. You see the same pattern again and again.

Here we have Facebook, here we have Instagram Feed also having a lot of sales like the Facebook Feed and we see Instagram Stories only. And again I'm showing you, as you can see, I'm showing you big spend. So this one has spent conversion value of $300,000, $2K, $6K, and a spend of $50K.

Okay, again on this, Audience Network, nothing. Wow, we have five sales here, eight sales here on this Audience Network. But as you can see, this is just a drop in the ocean for that.

Then we have Facebook Reels, Stories, Feed, Instant Article doesn't have anything. Marketplace has some sales again, which is just small percentages, Instagram Feed and everything. Explore Home here has.

Let's continue. This is another campaign that has $268K revenue, $6.43 ROAS. The spend is $41K.

over here. Over here we can see that what we have as purchases is again, Audience Network, nothing. Marketplace has some sales again over here.

But the majority of the sales, as you can understand, comes from Facebook Feed and everything. I must admit that if you see my previous video, most probably you will understand that in this specific situation we can see that more sales are coming from the sales result, more sales are coming from Messenger, more sales are coming from let's say Marketplace, the Reels are having some sales. But most of the times the placements that are working better than anything else is the Facebook Feed, Instagram Feed, Facebook Stories, Instagram Stories and then we have the categories of Reels, Marketplace, Explore and the search results sometimes working at the same numbers, you know, some sales here and there.

Audience Network never works, even Messenger has some sales but Audience Network just doesn't. So and in-stream videos never work also. Should we use automatic placements or manual placements with whatever we see that is working?

It really depends on your spend. In such high spends you will be able to see that they are helping a little bit. So when you have a very big spend they might get a sale here and there from these different placements and boom it's going to work.

When you don't have and you have smaller spendings then when you put automatic placements it's going to steal a good amount of your money. Because my theory is that Facebook wants to use automatic placements because of that. So this one got zero sales it spent this amount of money, this amount of money and if you take all of this amount of money from the and the campaigns over here that...

Do you want to do it with one campaign? So let's do it together, why not? 0.02 plus 0.31.

You know for you it looks like it's small numbers but they are not. Okay plus 116.96. This one looks big but I also focus on the 2 cents and on the 30 cents because if you take all of these and you multiply them with all of the assets and all of the campaigns Facebook is making a lot of money from these different placements that they don't work.

Over here we have plus 9.63 plus 0.14 plus 4.97 plus 9.22 plus 38.68. Sorry but I messed up in the calculator somehow. I will see it later in the video.

So the amount of money that it was spent it was 180.39 out of the 15k. Now if we calculate also the ones that they had bad ROAS so for example 1.85 is not acceptable for this account. So in this one we have 509.58 plus.

Then this is fine then we go here this one 3.47 it's not a lot 3.47 plus. Then go on this one which is 192.01. So what we have here is 185 dollars which was spent with bad results while this campaign is profitable.

Could we have avoided that by using manual placements and not including this? In theory and I have done it to be honest with you when you go and you run the other campaign you remove this that they heard you in the previous campaigns it should have better results. Wrong!

When you use automatic placements you are getting again better results especially in these high spends. I don't know Facebook is making it a necessity to use automatic placements in order to to give you better results. For me it doesn't matter because if Facebook is giving me good results and it's forcing me to use automatic placements for that reason so be it as long as it's giving me the good results and this is why nobody is analyzing automatic placements they just want to keep using automatic placements and they are not removing some placements which I have never seen audience network for example working.

Never! Okay so they keep using it maybe because they're making some money out of it. Back in the days one year ago before iOS it was even worse because you could see only four or five placements work and when you're working also with smaller accounts that they don't have very big spends I can tell you that over there it's even worse because it's taking money on audience networking and other stuff and over there you have smaller budgets and it's hurting you a lot but again when you don't use automatic placements you have problems with your whole CPM situation which is rising or you don't have good results.

So these are the numbers so that you can understand I'm going to just do this and scroll down a little bit so that you can see more and maybe you want to pause the video and analyze them on on your own. Let me do that here so that you can see also the number of purchases I want you to see. Okay so if we keep it here now you will be able to see purchases and cost per purchase and revenue and and over here let's go down let me bring it actually here close to the numbers for you so that you will be able to see it let me bring the budget let me bring it next to not the budget sorry start ads the amount spent I mean next to the purchases okay so now we have amount spent purchases and we have also cost per purchase and everything as I scroll down you will be able to see the different placements I will scroll down for the whole account you can pause the video whenever you want if you want to see the numbers and analyze it in a in a different way if you want you can see revenue here you can see amount of purchases and how they're being scattered among different placements okay and this one this one I guess that's all okay guys I hope that this is going to help you what am I doing I'm using automatic placements because this is what Facebook dictates and when I don't I have very bad results but when I analyze the results I can also I don't also understand why sometimes it's spending on audience network or or in-stream videos and stuff like that I can tell you that in big accounts it's not so important if you use manual or automatic because you have very big volume of spend but in smaller accounts you will see that a lot of times automatic placements are going to have negative impact into your ads because they are spending in wrong places but it's all about I guess training your pixel and making it better so that you will be able to use it in an efficient way so my suggestion even if I don't like it I have to say is that you should use automatic placements in 2023 If you haven't watched my previous video about automatic placements you can watch it I think it's one of my masterpieces that's all I had with numbers I explained why we should use automatic placements or manual placements it's up to you to do whatever you want because basically it's a situation that we cannot say that manual is correct or automatic is correct which is a big problem don't forget that if you want to learn more about facebook ads you can check my book my free course or my paid course and until we meet again don't forget my website be creative and be consistent guys