Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Γεια σας, καθώς και σήμερα θα πούμε για την προστατεία και την αρκετή. Ποιο είναι το καλύτερο. Λοιπόν, αν είστε κοινότητας το κίνημα, πιο πυσικά ξέρουμε ότι αρέσει το προστατεία.

Ήταν ήδη αρέσει το προστατεία, πριν την αιωσία 14.5 αλλα, Non deals Państ BT, δ judgment ináis και δεν συνταγicious donné, ή dart на άκρη με Galileo Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE, ό 아니라 και δεν έχουν καθ Nest. αμείχες steep, φυσικά θα by έξω κachuби και δικά πήγες πολέ not noir. reasonably, αυτό говорит ο Γηές .

κορματικά είναι ατράτησης быть γιαBreak そう και yeäter nicht είναι για bisa ε750治atur. Πρώτη και την επίσημη και στ zeker Mercati. When you're having a new Pixel, or a new API, we are having not a lot of data, our Pixel is a baby, it doesn't understand the IdealAdvada client...

...we call them datasets. I guess, we can't call it Pixel anymore. Pixel is going to be removed soon, most probably at the end of the year.

So we're going to stay only with the API. The thing is, when you start, you can't just use immediately BroDTargeting, Πιστεύεις, είναι πολύ περί판, ακόμα αλλά πως δεν μπορεί να προτείνεις μια γιατί παι chickens επαναδjingent. Μπορείτε να κάνεις κάθε φανotion σε λιγότερες χώρες αντίκρες στα κάποιες, κι αρχές είναι κανάיך να κάνεις αυτό.

Okay, so the situation is this. Everybody's talking about broad targeting, but they tend to forget the people that they start advertising now. So if we analyze it a little bit, broad targeting is the ultimate goal of each ad account.

This is where you want to go. You want to be able to just do broad targeting, use my crazy method or use Advantage Plus or whatever that may be, and have sales there because your pixel is strong enough to find initial sales that they are going to help you form a hot pocket and you're going to continue optimizing after that. And yes, as the time passes by, the Facebook platform is becoming more and more and more powerful.

So what is happening is that you can start doing broad targeting a little bit earlier from what you could do it before, because the Facebook algorithm is more powerful now and it understands better who it has to target and give you the low-hanging fruits at the start so that you can optimize your campaign. After that point, it's up to your pixel how strong it is to continue. But I'm talking about initial sales over here.

The algorithm can give you those. The more your pixel and the ad account is trained, the better. But there are some ad accounts that you start immediately and you try broad targeting and it's working.

But let's talk a little bit about it. Interests are the keywords that we are using. It's completely different when you are targeting for a product inside the fishing niche, for example, to use fishing tackle or fishing route as an interest instead of doing broad targeting where Facebook has to find people that they like fishing without any keywords and it has to locate them.

Of course, Facebook algorithm is super sophisticated and it can do it. But it doesn't mean that it's going to do it in all of the ad accounts, especially if we have them with untrained pixels. So you are new in the game and you are starting right now.

What you should do? You should try broad targeting. You should go immediately and you should try broad targeting.

If it's working, perfect. You are going to start building your campaigns with broad targeting and you are going to try to do the best that we can with optimization and all of this kind of stuff. And yes, in new ad accounts, my crazy method and other methods that I have like stack lookalikes or whatever after you have some data, they're going to help you more.

But eventually you're going to end up doing just a normal campaign, Advantage Plus with broad targeting and it's going to work. And all of these different sites that we have in the channel, they're going to help you reach your goal, which your goal is to basically, whenever you do one ad set with broad targeting, it has to work no matter what, because your pixel and your ad account is trained that well in order to do that. Let's say that you are starting right now and you are not having success with broad targeting.

Should you just stop advertising? No, you can do interest targeting and you can try different interests in order for you to start getting data, then move to lookalike audiences, then move to stack lookalike audiences and then move to broad targeting eventually. The ultimate goal is again to reach the broad targeting because this is where you are going to be able to scale.

But if you don't have the option of using it immediately or if you are doing Advantage Plus campaigns in a new ad account that is not working, then that means that maybe you should use them more traditional ways and interest targeting. Eventually, maybe in 10 years or maybe much earlier, we're going to have Facebook working only with broad targeting and we're going to just focus in creative. But this is not the case right now.

So we need to have other options like interest or whatever in order to help us kick start and start getting some data until we reach the point of broad targeting. Now, I don't want to forget the possibility of you not running at the United States, because most of the times we tend to talk about all of the strategies in terms of what we would do in the United States. In the United States, we have a huge audience or in other big countries like United Kingdom, we have huge audiences.

And if you use broad targeting over there, it's completely different from using broad targeting in a smaller country like Greece, Switzerland or Belgium. Over there, the opposite may occur. For example, if you start running ads with an interest, maybe the interest is going to be so small that you're going to target 200k people.

and maybe this is going to be problematic for you. On the other hand, if you use broad targeting over there, maybe it's going to work. A local area.

If you're running ads for a local area, for example, I have my crazy method broad targeting in a local area over there. As you can understand, if you're going to use an interest, this is a limiting factor for you. So you have to use a broad targeting in order for you to be able to have some decent results, because if you use an interest in a local area, for example, in Denver, it's going to limit your potential reach so much that it's going to be almost impossible for you to run any ads.

So there is not good or bad setting or broad targeting is better than interest. Okay, maybe we can say that broad targeting at the end game is always better than interest. But at the end of the day, you need to understand that these are different settings.

I tried to explain in this video how you should use broad targeting or interest if you're new. If your ad account is fairly new, you should try it. And if it doesn't work, go to interest and then lookalikes and then end up to broad targeting.

If you have a trained pixel and all of that, you should go and use a lot of broad targeting. And of course, I truly believe that you should use also stacked lookalikes with my method, because it's helping a lot to differentiate a little bit from the broad targeting. But still, it's a very big, fairly audience, because basically we're stacking lookalikes so that we can have a very big audience, not just one lookalike.

There are specific niches like the Christian niches, for example, that we mentioned a lot of times in my videos over here, that you cannot use any interest because simply they have been removed. Facebook has removed a lot of interest the previous year. So right now we cannot use every interest that we might want to.

Again, you go through the process of using broad targeting. And if it doesn't work, you go through the process of using one example. For example, it's Justin Bieber, for example.

When you use Justin Bieber, you might reach more Christians because Justin Bieber has expressed that he believes in God and a lot of people that they follow him, they follow him also for that. So you try to find interest that they are going to be close to maybe influencers that they are having, that they are in the niche that you want or maybe with other ways. Okay, that being said, you start again with interest that they are going to be more broad, for example, and you move your way up to lookalikes and then to broad targeting where if you pass this level and you are in a niche that it cannot be targeting, targeted with interests, it's going to be very good for you because you're going to end up having very good CPMs.

because if you manage to reach the point that you are having broad targeting in a niche that doesn't have any interest, that means that you are going to be part of a very closed club of different businesses that are in the same niche, but not a lot of people can end there because they need to spend a lot of money in order to train their pixel about this niche. And you don't have all of these people that they are dropshippers or whatever, that they start doing ads like, for example, the dog niche. Okay, the dog niche is being heavily advertised from people that they start now or people that they have established businesses.

The Christian niche, on the other hand, is not being advertised a lot because we have only some people that they have managed to reach to the point that they are targeting with broad and it's working and they have lower CPMs like I have seen five or six dollar CPM over there, which is crazy for United States. And if you go on the dog niche, for example, you might see 20, 30, 40, depending on how untrained your pixel is. It's also important to understand that the interests are very important if you can target the niche, but you can target with other ways.

But even if you cannot, just keep into your mind that maybe if you go and you do it consistently for one or two years, you are going to be able to reach the point that you're going to be part of a very closed community that they have trained pixels and not a lot of new entry e-commerce stores owners can enter to these special clubs. So there's no better or worse. Maybe at the end game, broad targeting is better.

I hope that you like this video. it's a little bit theory so that we can know what we do. Don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book and my free course and my website, of course.

And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent. Music Music Music Music Music