Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm coming back to you with another CBO optimization mistake that I have done and I hope that it's going to teach you something. One question that I get a lot and it makes total sense is if I turn off something while I'm doing CBO optimization, can I turn it back on? Well, I have done this mistake in one of my campaigns and while I was video shooting a video about the 20% scaling rule, I have realized it so I said, I also explained it there but I'm going to do an extra video about that because you know we're not perfect and we always do mistakes but sometimes we do mistakes that it's not our fault that we have done this mistake because we didn't have proper data.

So we're going to go into my PC, I'm going to explain the situation more there but this is going to solve and answer to the question if you can turn something back on and when it makes sense to do so. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have, you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So guys, this video is not going to be any big video about CB optimization because as we said we want to talk about the different cases.

So in this case I have done a mistake and I have closed one ad set while I shouldn't do that. So if we see over here, this campaign actually started on the 15th, it wasn't there so it started on the 16th. Now, I broke one of my rules, by the way, I'm just going to turn it off for the sake of the video, I hope it's not going to ruin it but this is how it was.

So yesterday, which was the first 24 hours, this is spending 100, it's having 6 ad sets. Yesterday, which was spending 100, I'm coming here and I'm seeing that we have one checkout here, two purchases on this ad, it's actually taking kind of the same budget as this one but here, I know I'm telling you not to touch anything before the 24 hours and this is the reason, okay, because you know if you're overconfident sometimes you're making mistakes but I'm confident also that if I make a mistake in one campaign I will make another one and I will fix it and so on. For you, this campaign might be important and if you lose it you might not be able to recover it because you are less experienced.

Some of you, some of you you're not. So over here the first thing that I noticed yesterday, the first 24 hours and maybe I shouldn't have touched it, is that over here I'm having 4 add to cards, 4 add to cards, 1 here not even add to cards, nothing and I'm just getting my purchase here so I'm saying okay, what if I help this ad set over here to become a leading ad so let me cut the other one. This is the way that I thought of it.

Also, for some reason I put 6 ad sets over here and I think that maybe it's too much. Maybe I'm trying to cut something fast so that I can have 5-4 super fast so that they can spend more. These are the ways that I have thought yesterday.

Today, if I see it, when I watched it in the morning it didn't have these results so I kept it turned off and as you can see here today, this one even while it was closed it has spent more than this one and today just out of the blue this ad set, this is why I'm talking about 48 hours and stuff because this is something common. We had 2 add to cards, 1 initiate checkout, 2 purchases out of the blue. So what am I going to do is I'm going to turn it on.

Now, when can you do that? This ad set was turned off for 3-4 hours. If you are on top of your ads, if you are watching them not like a maniac which is going to do mistakes because it's touching them too many times but if you are supervising them properly, the fact that this ad set was closed for 3-4-5 hours or even one day, it's not so bad.

If you close it for 5-6 days and then it has delayed reporting, then you just don't turn it on, you just say that okay I was unlucky okay, it got some sales later. But here, don't forget that if you see also the maximum results, this one still is not profitable, it's just having a good day. I'm just going to give it a chance to see if it can become a strong leading ad.

Another one could say that no, I'm not going to do that because I have decided already that this is my leading ad. This is also correct and something that you can do. But while I was video shooting this other video, I realised that this would be a very nice example to explain to you, while my video editor is also here today, to explain to you when it is okay to just turn on something back.

This is one of the cases, it's just closed for 2-3 hours or even 24 hours if you didn't pick it up earlier or the sales didn't come and that's why you need to monitor your ads several times per day. Maybe you have to do a change like that. Again, not because you have to touch all day long your ads, you should not okay.

But over here, it's one of the cases that if you're just on top of the ads, it's going to help because these sales came later. Let's say that I woke up at 10 o'clock today. I optimized at 11-12 o'clock my time.

So the sales came two hours later that we are video shooting now and I have seen it and I turned it on. It happens because when I did close it, because I closed it this morning because I was looking at the results of the last seven days, the morning didn't have the results. It's totally fine, you turn it on again.

This is not a mistake. I was just unlucky. Okay, it is a mistake if you want to follow a rule of passing the ads after 48 hours no matter what.

But I'm more experienced, I can be more aggressive and stuff. But this means that if you are more aggressive, you will do more mistakes along the way. I hope that this is going to teach you something more about CP optimization from one of my...

Okay, let's call it mistake. Okay. From one of my mistakes.

As I promised, whenever I have something interesting about CP optimization and the different cases, I'm going to share it with you. Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can check my group, my website, my mentorship programs, my courses and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.