Hello Facebook Ads people! I'm Kostladinos and today we're going to discuss how you can check if Facebook servers are up or down. So after what happened on the 23rd of April with all of these problems you can check this video to understand what happened then.

I decided to create a very small video in order to let you know how you can check the server because obviously a lot of people didn't know about metastatus.com. Metastatus.com is actually the URL that you can use and you can go and you can check if one server or several servers are down. So if you're seeing any strange behaviors into your Facebook Ads you can go and you can check the different servers.

This is a print screen that you can see that when we had the problem on the 23rd at least we know that something was wrong from Facebook. You can also keep a log over there in order to ask for a refund later and I realized basically that a lot of people didn't know that and there are a lot of companies that they have that. Even Upwork for example that it's a platform about freelancers it has this kind of server status situation so that you can check if something is wrong or whatever instead of being paranoid and thinking that something is wrong with my ads, I did something wrong or whatever, you can also check on metastatus.com.

I will include the link on the description and it's a very small video. I wanted you to know that how you can check the server status and don't be paranoid and make hasty decisions without seeing that and of course it's always a little bit better if you watch the Twitter, if you watch the Reddit a little bit and see if people are posting about something which is a global crisis like the same situation that happened on this Sunday which was the 23rd of April and we are going to remember it for a long period of time because it was actually a very big mess and I hope that basically the people are going to get their money back but this is also going to take several months. That's all I had for you.

If you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my free course or my book and my website and until we meet again guys be creative and consistent.