Hello Facebook Ads people! I'm Kostantinos and today we are going to discuss about the fatigue of your Facebook Ads. Let me help you save them.

How many times have I talked to people that told me the exact same phrase? I had a good campaign, it was working, suddenly it stopped working, that's it. My answer is always the same.

Why haven't you duplicated the campaign to start the optimization all over again then? What? And to my surprise, they just freeze having nothing else to answer.

I haven't found professionals or individuals duplicating campaigns again and again and I just can't understand why. To my eyes, that means that people just run ads without even understanding how Facebook Ads work, which is actually quite sad. Just to be clear, let me explain to you how it's working.

You create a campaign and an ad set and you got the sale and the lead. And then Facebook says, okay, let's find a similar person to that. And it gets another sale and another lead.

And then it says, okay, let's find another lead or a sale based on the previous two. And then you find another one. And then it says, okay, two very boring minutes later.

And then it finds another sale or a lead and then it says, okay, let's find another similar person based on the previous 32. And then it does. Does that mean that your ads and targeting are suddenly bad?

Well, clearly they are not. Since they worked so far, that being said, before you reinvent the wheel, you should try to relance them and try to optimize them all over again and again and again and again. Actually, I had campaigns working like this for months, even after five or six relances.

Believe me, I know it works. And I want to clarify something again, talking based on my experience. It is a simple piece of advice.

Just follow it and don't try to alter it or make it complicated just because you like to make everything super complicated. If something works, simply don't make your life difficult. Duplicate the campaign, turn it on along with any adsets or ads that you turned off and set the lunch date for the next day at 6am.

I'm going to explain, of course, in another video why at 6am. That being said, number one, don't change anything in your campaign. Number two, do not change anything in your campaign.

No, I don't want you to make it better by changing the copy a bit or by adding a photo just because you think you can improve it. I want everything to be the same. Number three, duplicate the campaign.

Don't just turn it on from the switch button. It will just take you 10 seconds more and it's actually the best way and it's actually worth it. Number four, don't run only the winning adsets.

I don't care. I want them all like the first time that it worked. Needless to say that you can do the same to scale.

Duplicate the campaign and increase the budgets to see if you can get good results again with your bigger budget. Okay, so let's visualize this. As far as I can understand, you know that I like the very stupid examples that I make.

So this is another one. Well done. So we have this rocket and this rocket is your campaign.

It flies. Okay, it flies and it's spending the fuel. The fuel is the money that you spend until you find one winning or many winning adsets.

And you did it. You found a winning ad set. And this one continues and it's going to continue to go out on the space.

And this one? This one you toss it. This is what you do with your campaigns all the time.

You create new rockets and you start all over again. What am I proposing? What did Elon Musk do?

He actually relanced them without trying to build a new rocket again and again and again and again like what you are trying to do. This is what am I proposing. Meanwhile...

Houston, we have a problem. Are you done now? Okay.

So what are you going to do? Start a new campaign every time or relance what worked in the past? Seriously, if you picked A, get the hell out of here.

Get the hell out of here. I even brought a rocket to explain this to you. Actually, let me share a little secret with you just between me and you.

Sometimes when I work on ad accounts and after I have tested everything and nothing actually works, I make sure that I watch all of the campaigns of the past and then I see if the creatives are up to date and I'm actually relancing what has worked in the past. And believe me, it's working flawlessly. This is the reason that I'm saying that this strategy has actually saved me or some of my friends or some of my clients many times.

Again and again and again. Before we wrap up this video, I want to point out that relances are not an excuse for you to be lazy and stop trying to find new working campaigns. You should never stop testing because the relances are not going to work forever.

You need to find your new working campaigns so that you can guess what? Relance them again and again and again. Finally, while you do your new testing, keep in mind that those relances will help you either keep profiting or limiting your losses.

All I'm saying is that if something worked in the past, give it another chance or maybe two. Don't just abandon your hard effort finding it. In any case, that's the way to save your ads and get good results again and again and again if you had some success in the past.

Hit the like button if you like the video and subscribe if you want to see more in the future. But even if you don't, it's okay. If you feel like it, leave your questions below with the hashtag AskConstantinos and your question might be featured in a future video.

And don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can read my book or check my courses. Links are below in the description. Until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.