Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about consolidation and why I don't like it and since there are so many people talking about it I'm going to show you one huge ad account so that we can all decide once and for all that consolidation method is not the way to go. You know sometimes I'm blaming people of not being close to reality and showing for example things that they work with the top 500 fortune companies this is the reason that I don't like to show such big ad accounts even while I'm working on them. There are many times that I'm doing videos and I'm saying that if you're seeing something in a big ad account on a 500 fortune company and all of that then that means that maybe there are things that are working there that they're not going to work in other normal ad accounts or smaller brands and I do believe that but I do believe that from time to time we need to show also the bigger picture you know bigger ad accounts that they have bigger spends and how we operate in these bigger accounts and maybe we can learn something in the process of doing so.

The reason that we have these YouTube channels is not so that we can flex but it's all about teaching to people what we know about Facebook ads. I don't like to show this big ad account but from time to time I think it's an interesting topic for people to see and today it's a day that we're going to see one of these huge ad accounts one of the biggest in United States in terms of spending of course not in the volume of Timo and stuff but in another bracket and tier of other brands spending a lot of money. Without any further ado let's go to my PC so that I can show you why consolidation is not working and how this account is operating by spending 3.5 to 3.8 million per month.

Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have you can find the one that is going to feed better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So guys let's start seeing this ad account which is a massive ad account a huge ad account. In the last seven days this ad account as you can see it has spent 675k.

I'm not going to disclose any information in terms of what is the niche, what is the product and all of that but we're going to talk about numbers over here. Over here as you can see the last seven days we spent 675k. This is something that other ad accounts are spending in just one month.

This month we can see that we are having 1.9 ROAS, 2.5 million spent. The previous month we are having 1.87, 3.5 million spent. Let's see on April which was a bad month what happened here.

We have 3.8, 1.69 so you see also the trends here happening also. Most probably we will have then a very good January. So February was 3.8 million, 1.78 and as you can see here on December, not on January, we do have 1.96, 4.5 million because yes it was an amazing month.

Now what I want us to focus on here is this. How many campaigns do we have? Let's just put a period from let's say January since now.

Okay, I'm shooting this video on May 24. So we have 18 million spent, 1.84. Okay, some things that I want you to mention is how many campaigns do we have here and of course someone can come and say that yeah you're having so many campaigns because it's needed in order to spend this amount of money.

Well, this is proving that the consolidation method doesn't work because if you talk with people about consolidation method, they will tell you that you can scale up to 500k, 200k per month with one or two or three campaigns. The whole point over here guys and I'm going to create a whole different video about it is that you need to understand that the more you are tapping into a market, the more you need to have different creatives, different people and different pages. Here we're using a lot of different Instagram pages, a lot of sponsored ads.

We're using a lot of different creatives and different angles about the product and all of that and as you can see it's working like it's out. Another thing that you are going to see here is that we're having a very high frequency. Do we care about it?

Well, we care about it but we can do nothing about it because of the money that we are actually spending over here. So for me guys, this is proving that the consolidation method is something that it doesn't work and it's never going to work because there's always going to be companies even on the smaller spends that they will have different campaigns with different creatives and they are going to be able to do better than someone who is just recycling the creatives inside an Advantage Plus or just trying to increase the budget on this one without focusing on new ones. I'm not saying that on this ad account I'm not increasing the spends on the Advantage Plus campaigns that I'm creating but here you can see one ad account that everything that I teach it's happening on the bigger level.

For example, Advantage Plus campaigns, all of them, no retargeting. We are having here, of course, Meta is giving us some good money on this ad account to spend on different split tests and stuff, which is something else. Then we are having also average results.

We're working with average results. You can see here, for example, that this one is on 0.71 but I'm not closing 1.41, 1.59 which is completely different from my average results over here but I'm not closing it because if you want to scale to such high numbers you need to work with average results. We will make a different video about it.

The other thing that I want to point out here is the frequency. I don't care about the frequency as long as I'm profitable. Of course, as you can understand this is having a break-even ROAS of 1.35 and we are pretty happy with the results and we're going to scale even more over here.

If you want to see because you don't believe this is the truth over here in this ad account spending so much money by doing many campaigns with completely different creatives, using completely different Instagram accounts, using partnerships, don't caring about the individual ROAS of one campaign, just caring about the average ROAS that we get, don't care about the frequency, the stupid overlaps and all of these kind of things. And whoever is going to come here and they're going to tell me yeah but you're doing this and that. This company is doing this for the last two years.

We are having these results and the company is actually growing and there's no point of discussing about the ROAS that we see here and outside because the company is growing and it's growing pretty, pretty well. So no point about discussing that yeah but what you see here you are depleting your audience and all of that. It's happening for the past two years and we are not depleting the audience.

It's doing better and better. Okay, so that's all I had for you. I just wanted to, you know, show one of the really bigger accounts, the biggest one that I have access to so that you can see the bigger picture.

Some of you get inspired of where you can go and also understand that what we teach on the smaller accounts, it's coming from knowledge which is coming from the bigger accounts because on the bigger accounts you can see the bigger picture. Like the example that we had with the Hot Pockets. We learned about the Hot Pockets, I validated it.

I was using the Hot Pockets theory before but I validated it when in one account. Actually, let me show you this account just a second. Okay guys, I'm on this account.

Sorry for the pause. So in this account we have spent 1.7 million just because it was a test from Meta just in one ad set. Those of you that you have been to the channel for a long period you already know about this test and we have reached out of the full potential rates of United States only 20 million people with a frequency of 8.56.

So on bigger spends you are understanding things that people don't understand on the smaller spends and if they don't have access to bigger accounts or if someone like me now is not showing you all of this, you cannot see the bigger picture in order for you to understand how the algorithm is working. Yes, it's working with Hot Pockets because in 1.7 million it was just targeting an audience of all the rates. The other logic would say that it was going to continue spending, spending, spending until it was going to reach all the people or Meta is lying about the potential rates.

Okay, so we have a frequency of 8.56. We spent 1.7 million in one ad set just because Meta forced us to do it on a test that they wanted to run at that point for the Meta Shop ads. It was two years ago I believe.

And I have validated like this the theory about the Hot Pockets and that you're not targeting all the full potential rates but the smaller audience within this rates based on the sales and the results that you're getting. That's what I'm going to do on the future also and whenever I have something interesting guys I'm going to do videos like this one in order to show you more so that you can understand more for your specific situation. This is a video that's not going to give you value in terms of what you're going to do into your ad account.

I hope it's going to inspire you and I hope that it's going to make you feel better about watching all of my other content and understanding how to make your ads work better. I think that it's interesting even if it's a high spend and stuff. Now I do hear some of you coming and saying but yeah but this is a big spend.

We cannot actually consider these things valid for our smaller accounts. This is not true because I'm showing this big spend. I'm showing also smaller spends that all the things that we're talking about working with multiple campaigns, average results, not caring about the frequency and all of that.

These are things that are working in smaller and in bigger ad accounts actually. So I hope that's going to inspire you. I hope that when you get depressed a little bit about your Facebook results you can see this video and you can say okay this is where I want to be in two, three, four years from now and I hope that this is content that you wanted to see.

At least for me it's interesting because when I validate things on smaller accounts but I validate them also on the bigger ad accounts, that's the biggest proof for me. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website and of course my mentorship programs and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent. for looking at it's more and more amazing.

Merry Christmas.