Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss what you should do after the sad moment that you see that your ad account is collapsing because you were greedy or because you made a mistake and you scaled super aggressively. So a lot of times I do get this kind of messages like this one over here, you can pause if you want to read it, but basically the concept is the same. I was having an ad account which was spending really well, I was having x results and then I did this or that or that.

Most of the times it's just scaling by increasing budgets and everything started collapsing. When I tried to lower the budget it didn't work. So let's analyze a little bit the situation and let's see what we can do so that we can have it as a documented video in the channel for all the people that they're going to be greedy and they're going to scale like crazy.

So first things first, the most important thing in this situation is not to panic. And the truth is that all of you are going to panic, but there's not a lot that you can do. Okay.

First of all, the instinctive action over here is to lower the budget and try to see if you can control it. Let me tell you that from my experience only 40%, 40 to 50, but I don't think it's a 50. I think it's more, it's more 40%.

It's going to actually be able to stop. Now how much you're going to scale down, it's up to you. But there's one very important note to that, that whenever you do that, you need to wait for two, three days until you see if it's going to be stabilized or not.

And not just wait the next day for the results to be okay. That's one of the most common mistakes that I see that someone is lowering the budget and they expect the next day to be profitable. No, it's not going to be profitable the next day.

You lower the budget and you wait for two, three days to see if it's going to stabilize or not. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs. And I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description, or you can find it in the menu of my website.

And over there, you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs. And I will hope to see you there.

Then if it's not working, because in most cases, it's not going to work. I told you it's much more less than 50%, but let's say 40%. I have also tried.

I have also been greedy. In these cases, you're going to try again to lower the budget, two, three days, again to lower the budget, two, three days. In this whole process, you're going to be losing money.

Of course, the solution is not to close your ads immediately, because sometimes we're able to recover these campaigns. And this is what you should do. The second thing, which is the most important thing, except for not panicking and stuff, the second most important thing is that you need to realize that what you have, you had, is gone.

And you're not going to have it back. The reason is that you scaled another account, maybe in a good period, or maybe in a favorable period for you, or maybe with a hype of a new product or whatever, and you scaled another account by just taking the chunk of the market for other people. If you don't spend this extra 2K, 3K, 4K, 5K per day, someone else is going to.

And that means that by doing this mistake, you have liberated this budget to someone else, that in order for you to take it back, you need to battle your way through. That means that from now on, you should not compare what you had before, the 10K spend with two, three ROAS, with what you have right now. It's a completely different situation.

The reason that I'm telling you not to do that is because you're going to keep making mistakes because of that. You're going to try to scale aggressively, even if you stabilize it, you're going to feel depressed, a lot of problems. So the thing that you can do if it doesn't stabilize is, basically guys, you just kill everything and you start building it all over again.

I hope this time with a better structure. That's the reason that I don't like to have just one campaign and put all of my spend there. And I do like to have different campaigns because this is never going to happen in an ad account that has many campaigns.

At least one or two campaigns are going to be there and you're not going to start from the absolute, you're not going to have to start from the absolute zero when things are going to go bad. So in scenario number one, everything went well, you lowered the spend, it actually worked, you were careful enough to leave it for two, three days without taking any fast decisions over here and everything worked. In case number two, everything got destroyed so you had to start all over again.

And this is where the mentality part comes in and you have to know that nothing is going to be the same. You cannot just expect the ad account to scale, I just like to call it the ex-girlfriend syndrome. Okay, you have a girlfriend for 10 years and then you break up with this girlfriend and then you have a new one and you want to start with the same situation as you were in the girlfriend when you stopped on the 10 years.

For example, be able to fart in front of her, I don't know, whatever someone wants. So all of these kinds of things are things that are not going to happen and it's going to be a completely new account and a completely new situation. Basically, what is going to happen is that you are going to have to start building it all over again and you have to remember that in the beginning it took you some time to get there and skate.

So it's not going to happen overnight just because two weeks ago, even two weeks ago, you had the 10k spent per day. Now you have a new situation and you have to start building it all over again. The most important thing that you need to understand is that all of this budget that was liberated, it's now taken by someone else or a lot of people, most probably many advertisers, that they took just something.

Okay. And this is how sometimes other accounts are scaling from out of nowhere. They're just able to scale a little bit more just because someone maybe f***ed up or just because maybe someone went out of stock or for any other reason.

The thing that I want you to understand here is that now, you need to battle your way through and it's going to be more difficult because most probably you have a product that it's not a hyped product anymore. It's a product that you got also copied or a lot of other things have happened. So the logic here says that you have to go step by step, doing one campaign, another campaign, focusing to do more creatives, to try to scale like this and so on.

The way that I think of it whenever it's happening is that I don't even compare my new situation with the old one. I don't even remember it. I just treated this ad account as it is a completely new ad account and I have to scale it.

So that's a sad truth and I wish I had a blueprint or just something to tell you that you're going to do this and that and it's going to go back to your spend in two, three days. But this is not the truth and it's not going to happen and you have to know that. Anyway, that's all I had for you.

If you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, my website, my mentorship program so that this will never happen to you. You can check also the reviews below from people that have been part of it. And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent.