Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm going to show you how to have different creatives on different placements when you're doing your conversion ads. So, in this channel we talk so much about dynamic ads but there are other ways of doing also ads and I wanted to show you this. I don't know if you know it or if you have spotted it but it's also an efficient way if you have different dimensions, if you want to use different creatives for your stories, if you want to use different creatives for your feed.

So, let's go into my computer and show you step by step how to do it. It's not going to be a long video, bear with me let's go and see it. Okay, now I'm going to show you how to do it.

It's very easy, you come here, you create a campaign, we're going to conversions of course, let's press continue. Now, instead of all the settings that we are doing on the ads at level and of course here we are going to have to pick a pixel... what did I choose?

Oh, we have to choose website here, this is why. Okay, so we have a pixel here and instead of using dynamic creative this time we're going to do it with a different way, with the normal style. Okay, we will go here and we can see that we need to select of course a page, as soon as we are going to select the page and it's going to do it for us, perfect.

And then we come here, we press create add, it's going to be a create add thing, single image or video, whatever we want and we're going to add, let's say we're adding one image. Okay, let's take this one. Then we press next and then press down.

Now, we have all the different placements over here and we can see that we can do different settings for each one of them. Just so that we can keep it simple, of course you can play with more placements, but we are going to do Facebook and Instagram features to show you how it's working. We are going to remove these things over here and this thing over here.

Okay, now let's go back. So now we have also only the option for feeds and we have the stories and stuff. So here we can come and we can go to our creatives, press edit and then change the image for each one of the placements that we want.

So these are the two placements, the feed placement, we can have different image cropped in a different way or a different image completely and then we can come here on the stories and we can crop it or we can change it so that it's going to be different over here. So for each of the placements that you're going to add here, you can have different creatives that you can actually use. This is it, it's very simple.

You can have the copies over here also here, it's working like dynamic so you can add more options if you want. Okay, so this is another way of doing it. Of course we like dynamic ads, we always do, but here is also an other way that I feel like you have to test and you might find intriguing.

So that's all I had to show you. You know that in this channel we love so much dynamic creative ads, but you know that we also love testing alternatives in order to find more sales here and there. So test it also, see if it's going to work for your account or not.

Of course you can test it also with crazy method. It has no issue, crazy method is working with everything and don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my free course or my book and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent. Behind.