Hello Facebook Catch People, I'm Kostantinos and today we are answering with a live ad account if you're going to decrease your spend, if the results are going to get better or actually worse. So most of you you already know the answer and you know that the results are going to improve. There's nothing catchy on the video that the results didn't improve or whatever.

The results did improve but still I want to show you a live ad account that the spend actually dropped, the results actually improved by a lot which is going to also help you understand from the opposite side that an ad account like this is now ready to scale if of course we had the stock and stuff and we didn't have the issues and we had to lower the spend. That being said, lowering the budget is something which is easy, increasing the budget is something which is difficult. But let's go into my pc, let's see the ad account and we will take it from there.

Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have, you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So it's not going to be a very long video because I just want to prove a point but the most important thing for me is to see how another account which is ready to scale looks and not the opposite that if you lower for example your ROAS you're going to have better results and a little bit for people that they had problems with stock and stuff after Black Friday, what is going to happen, what they should expect and all of that. So this was another account that was actually running on September with almost 300k spent, 4.64, good ROAS, BREAK EVEN ROAS is on 3 on this account, 4.66 running on October.

On Black Friday they didn't let us spend as much as we would, I think that this other account could have easily spent 800k but we did spend 360k, 5.8 ROAS over here. If we see on December over here we're starting dropping spends to 206k and this is the month that I'm actually lowering the spend by a lot and what am I having is just 50k in the middle of the month with 13 ROAS. So as you can see the more you lower the budget the more you are actually with the exception of Black Friday that we do increase a little bit the budget but it's Black Friday so we should get higher ROAS.

If you lower the budget the budget we hear in theory that the results are going to get better and stuff but this is an actual life proof if you don't believe about that. So let's move on from this which is very easy and all of us believe it because we have seen it. The second thing is how another account that's ready to scale looks.

So if you're having a BREAK EVEN ROAS of 3, 4 whatever that may be and you're seeing these kind of results that means that you can start scaling. Now the scaling that you're going to have as you can understand it's not it doesn't mean that for example it's going to go to 10 ROAS if you spend another 50k in this period. After some point the high ROAS is going to decrease much much much faster.

The higher you are the faster is going to the ROAS decrease. For example if you go to from 50k over here in these 15 days to 100 to 150k maybe the ROAS is going to to go immediately to 4. Okay so don't expect for example just to go in half and all of that.

It's going to go drastically away. The easy part is for you to spend a lot. Somebody like me built the other account, spend, spend, spend and actually reached to the point that you are spending X amount of money you are having growth and then lowering the budget and having higher ROAS.

This is easy. The difficult part here is to go back to the place that you were before actually spending the same amount of money with the same ROAS because at this point you are liberating and you are losing your position to the market to competition which is going to take this market and this is why I'm saying that sometimes that we're doing one campaign, we are testing this and that, we see Facebook is stopping us then we're trying again and again again. There's no way that the other company for example knew about this the other competitor company or competitor companies knew about this change.

Most likely they are going to start seeing better results because this company is spending less so they will start pushing more and they will take the budget. So sometimes things are happening within the ad manager and we don't even have any idea of what happened okay. For example imagine that let's say here for example the owner actually died.

And because he died the company didn't do well they lose spend. The other people don't know it, they just see the ad account and this is why we push all the time and we try to have better results in order to be able to actually scale more and that's why you have to be consistent okay. That's why I'm using always the phrase being consistent.

You are consistent, you are trying, trying, trying. Eventually something is going to happen with another company, with another company, with your creatives and you're going to be able to scale and increase your position to the threshold or a Black Friday is going to happen which is a dark period but we had these discussions several times. So proof that the ROAS are increasing when you're actually lowering the spend.

We knew that. A visual representation of another account that's ready to scale giving us much higher ROAS while the break-even ROAS is much lower. That means that you can scale pretty easy because this is how an ad account which is ready to pop looks like.

Of course with a little bit of bigger numbers but you get the idea and you get the point. This is how it's going to feel when you're going to have another account which is ready to scale. Now I don't know what's going to happen with this other account.

Maybe we'll have content in the future months of me trying to recover it. Maybe I'm not going to be able to recover it but mistakes were made and maybe they will pay or maybe they will stay on lower budget. It doesn't matter.

What really matters over here that was really fun working and scaling this other account for so many years. It's a little bit now but it is why this life is like this. So we will see what it's going to happen.

So everybody's talking about it. Now you have a visual example of how it looks to lower the budget and how the results are improving but you also have a visual example of how an ad account which is ready to scale and it's actually not meant to spend the amount of money that you spend, it's actually looking. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website.

You can check also my mentorship programs and below my mentorship programs you can check also the testimonials that we are having from people completing the different mentorships or the course or whatever and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.