I will go after traffic ads because I can get super cheap traffic like this in my store and then turn it to all this traffic in order to get sales because this is what the traffic ads do after all easy sales and then with all that money I will conquer the world. Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about this stupid suggestion that I hear a lot lately. Run traffic ads then retarget to get sales.

Why is it wrong though? If you think of it, it kind of makes sense right? Cheap traffic and then you're going to convert it with retargeting ads because retargeting ads are amazing and they are working very well.

Facebook is very good at delivering what you ask for. If you want traffic, you can get cheap traffic with a traffic campaign. If you want engagement, you can get engagement with a very cheap engagement campaign and if you want sales, you're going to do conversion campaigns because you need to optimize for purchases.

Period. In addition to that, Facebook is also very good at segmenting and categorizing people based on several factors like the pages they like or their shopping preferences on the platform. In other words, the algorithm knows who spends, how much, when and in which niches among other things.

Now I'm asking you what kind of traffic will the algorithm send if you ask and optimize for traffic? There's no need to answer. I will answer this for you.

The worst! On top of that, yes, the retargeting campaigns are super effective, but only when you retarget good quality traffic like organic traffic or traffic which is coming from conversion ads. Retargeting won't find sales in a traffic audience.

Do you know why? Because simply there is no one that will buy in that audience. Do you really want to know where the buyers are?

Facebook actually is sending them to the stores that they are running conversion ads and they are optimizing for purchases. And all of these people are laughing with you that you are running traffic ads by the way. Anyway, if you have a blog, run traffic ads.

It's totally fine. But if you have an e-commerce store, don't. It is just a waste of money.

Another famous strategy, which I don't see that often lately, thank god, is when people run conversion ads but they optimize for checkouts or even worse for ad to carts. Some years ago that the algorithm was not that good, some people thought we don't get enough sales with our ads, so we'll optimize for the closest event to purchase, which is check out or even add to carts. If we invest in the intent to buy by increasing the number of possible buyers, our store conversion rate will remain the same and...

Ka-ching! And guess what happened? Ka-ching!

Ka-ching! Ka-ching! And yes, the Facebook algorithm is that good.

It can separate people that add to the cart without buying from those that actually are going to buy. Of course, where there is smoke, there is fire. I need to point out that a lot of these suggestions come from Facebook itself.

Just a simple example is one that everyone has seen. It's a message that appears when you optimize in a conversion campaign for purchases and Facebook actually suggests you to optimize for a landing page view. Otherwise, you will get zero conversions.

Well, just ignore it. The most disturbing thing is that I have seen Facebook representatives also propose these strategies many times, which makes total sense since Facebook wants to make money in the best and easiest possible way. What doesn't make sense is that some people believe 100% of what Facebook says, as if Facebook is a charity non-profit organization that really cares about their business and not a company that only cares about profits and sometimes they're going to lie in order to achieve this.

Automatic placements? How are you? I'm going to see you in a future video.

In any case, this is why you shouldn't trust Facebook but only trust me. Hit the like button if you like the video and subscribe if you want to see more in the future. If you feel like it, leave your questions below with hashtag AskCostantinos and your question might be featured in a future video.

You can also check my Instagram. I'm answering very short questions with regular posts and don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can read my book or check my courses. Links are below in the description.

Until we meet again, be creative and be consistent!