Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss why you should not mix catalog ads with other static images or videos in your Advance Plus campaigns or CBO campaigns. So, I was watching in an ad account one, I believe it was Advance Plus campaign if I'm correct, yes it was Advance Plus campaign with a catalog that it was taking all of the budget despite the fact that there were other creatives there. So, I thought that what an interesting topic, let's create a video out of it, I'm going to take you into my PC to show you but a little bit of context and a little bit of theory before I show you the proof.

So, you should not mix catalog ads with other creatives, why? Because the catalog ad is going to take all of the budget. For example, if you have five static images and one catalog ad in the same Advance Plus, the catalog is always taking all of the budget.

To me, this is something that I'm observing all of the time. All of you that you're watching the video now, most probably you have seen it also. Just so you know, I believe that the reason is very simple.

So, how does Facebook decide in a CBO or an Advance Plus how it's going to distribute the different budgets, okay? So, the way that it does is based on engagement. So, it's not okay for you to mix, for example, images with videos.

Why? Because the videos are going to get more engagement. Why they are going to get more engagement?

Because people like them more and they prefer them? No. It's a technical thing and basically it's this.

Every video, when you scroll down into your feed, it's going to have, in most people, the autoplay feature. So, if somebody watches three seconds, this is considered engagement. On the other hand, in an image, when somebody scrolls down and sees an image, they have to click, like, comment or take a much more difficult action in order to be considered engagement.

This is why we see rarely when we group together videos with images, an image taking all the budget. It has to be an amazing image that is just winning the videos. But it's an unfair battle.

So, if we think of it, in the way that I like to do ads, I like to do my campaigns and test while I'm having sales. But it's not efficient if you test with creatives that they're taking more budget from the other creatives, so you're not testing them actually in a fair way. Given the fact that we have a catalog over here, which is a carousel ad, people are always playing with carousels and stuff.

So, the carousel ads are having more engagement, most of the times, even from videos or from images. So, if we want to categorize them before we go into My PC, I will tell you that, in my opinion, catalogs are getting the most budget, so you should never mix it with someone else. What you can do instead, is you can do a crazy method, Advanced Plus with catalog.

Okay. You can do an Advanced Plus, for example, with catalogs with different product sets or things like that if you want to have different, or just one ad with a catalog. Then we go to the scale of taking the budgets actually, let's say, Post IDs, videos, then videos, and I'm talking about Post ID videos that they have some engagement.

So, the videos that they have that they're already Post IDs and you're using them and they're videos and they have some engagement already, they're going to win a normal ad video. So, it's Post IDs videos, normal videos along with Post ID images. They are kind of the same.

If they have a lot of engagement on a Post ID image, maybe it can win a normal video. And then we go to simple images. Somewhere between that, I haven't seen it a lot.

It's a normal carriage a lot with images, which is, of course, much better than a single image because people are playing with it. So, it's considered engagement. So, just group things that are the same so that you're not going to have any issues with budget distribution and not being able to test efficiently all of your creatives.

Okay guys, so, I came recently to this ad account and I wanted to show you, it's a new ad account. New, not new, it has some spend. Over here, for example, we have one advanced plus campaign and as you can see we have some creatives over here.

It's spent 88k and you can see that the majority of the budget is being spent over here. This one is a catalog. Okay, this is a catalog.

So, whoever knows about catalogs, they're going to understand that yes, this is a catalog. Whoever knows about catalogs, they will know that I'm telling the truth but anyway. So, here we can see that 76k spent, it's going to the catalog while another 8k goes to this catalog and then we have some other spends of 200 to 1500 and all of that and don't get me wrong, you know, it's getting good results on this account but this doesn't mean that the other ads cannot get any results.

So, we have other static images, videos over here that they could be tested and then we go to another campaign that is also doing the same. As you can see here in this account, the only thing that is, you cannot see it, I know, the only thing that's working is a catalog actually but this has to change okay because we need to also be able to scale. We can see here that in the maximum results also we have 135k.

This is a catalog ad. It's taking all of the budget and in this advanced plus we have some other results over here with 8.8k, 3.1k, 2.2k, 6.2k but this campaign started on May, May 12, 2023. It's a very old campaign.

It's almost a one-year campaign. So, here we are having such a high spend on the catalog and the other ads have not been tested. Now, I duplicated this campaign just so that we can say all the truth here okay.

I duplicated this campaign and I ran it without the catalog. It failed completely. It doesn't matter though because I had to do it you know.

I had to see if the other creatives were going to work because here they're having some decent results so I had to test it. It didn't work well. What is working really well here is the catalog.

So, I'm considering of doing a crazy method catalog over here with an advanced plus and we will see. I would like you to be careful of what you're grouping together and don't do these mistakes if you want to test efficiently all of your creatives. This also applies to CBO campaigns.

If you want to test catalogs, if you want to run ads with catalogs, just use creatives with catalogs and don't use any other creative inside there or just use only one ad or just use different catalog ads with product sets or use the crazy method with catalog. I will upload one video which is going to show you how in an ad account that nothing else was working. I started scaling by doing crazy method advanced plus with catalog.

So, that's all I had for you. I hope that you liked the video. I think it was interesting because it's a very visual example and I hope that you're not going to do these mistakes.

If it's working, you know, and your catalog is getting sales, fine, you know, do that mistake. It's not going to cost you anything. But if you're just doing a lot of creatives and then you're just using a catalog along with them, then all of your effort of doing the creatives is lost because they're not going to be tested.

That's what I'm trying to avoid with this video over here. Don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, and my website, of course. And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent.