Hello Facebook Ads People, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss how you can scale from one country to another. I have a ready case study for you and one very interesting fact inside which actually made me scale on this new ad account. The thing that we're going to focus most here is some metrics because I'm scaling this ad account going from United States to Canada also with different accounts and different pixels because we have a big company here with big budgets so we don't want to do it on the same ad account and I'm going to show you how I did it.

It took me two and a half months to go into profitability. Of course this is a proven business which also has branding and people know it and all of that because we spend a lot of money on the other countries. I have started with them with United States, I have also established UK, I have established New Zealand, I hope I'm going to take Australia and I'm establishing now Canada.

So maybe it's going to scale even to other countries later but I don't know that yet. So guys, this is the ad account for United States, 600k spent this year alone. Okay, so this is a big spend ad account.

We are going to focus in one metric over here which is this, the cost per action. Okay, and I always consider United States and Canada kind of same countries in terms of demographics and all of that and I use this kind of data over here along with comparing CPMs and all of that. The CPM that we're getting over here is on 15 and a normal conversion rate it's somewhere around not even 1 for 2.

Okay, it's something like 1.7, 1.8. Okay, let's calculate it actually. 800, 8,569 divided with 5182, 1.65.

Okay, so every 1.65 checkouts we get one purchase. Crazy good conversion rates especially if we consider that we talk about a high ticket item. So this is very good over here and with 600k we have 2.6 million on revenue.

Now let's go a little bit on the Canada account over here and let's see. So this month alone we have 21k but I have started this ad account on December. It was actually having 15k.

My CPM was a little bit lower but in Canada the CPM is a little bit lower but you can see that I had a problem over here into my cost per purchase. So I wasn't getting kind of the same and you can see that my conversion rate was not awful. It was 1 to 2.

Okay, also the numbers that I was getting on cost per click and click through rate they were very good. So I wasn't concerned on my creatives. I wasn't concerned on my conversion rate between checkout and purchases.

Not on my CPMs because I have seen that I'm getting 11k. I have tried broad targeting it wasn't working so I pivoted immediately to interest. Here I have done some CBO campaigns with interest along with other testing.

Okay, so here I tried first Advantage Plus. It failed miserably with zero sales. I immediately switched to interest over here.

I had my initial success with 2.39k which is still not good for this account. And then I took crazy method, the interest that worked, two retargeting over here because I really want to still also sales from Google Ads to train my pixel. Later on I'm going to limit my retargeting.

And here's some stack lookalikes 10% which didn't work really well and 1% lookalikes which worked really well. Now the second month as we can see over here we are going to 2.3k but still we're not getting the ROAS that we want. We are having lower CPM which is very good.

Our conversion rate is still 1 to 2 which is considered really good. So our pixel is getting more data, is improving, improving, improving. I'm telling you all of this just so that you can understand how you can compare data between the different countries that you want to expand.

So if you're getting x results on United States and you want to expand to Canada this is how you're going to analyze it. Now over here we're seeing that we have the same cost per purchase over here but we're not having the ROAS that we want over here. That means that we need to understand that here by just...

is it actually the same number? No no it's 116.75, 116.57 so we have... but it's actually very funny okay or I'm a geek.

I don't know but but I found it really funny. Anyway so here we can see that we have exactly the same cost per purchase but in one case we're getting higher average value in the other case not. It makes total sense because the brand is not really well known in Canada.

We're mostly running ads on the United States so it needs more time for people to see it, search it, you know, consider it and all of that. Not a lot of files have seen us and all of that. Now let me tell you the big truth over here.

The spend on January it was on 27k here by just doing some optimization but by just keeping maintaining my ads without touching them just finishing the optimization. Nothing else. In this month alone we are having 4.22.

We are going to spend even more for the month. The cost per action actually dropped so it didn't stay the same but not in such a high level so that we can say that the better ROAS that we got, we got it because for example I think that at the start of the month it was the same if I'm correct. So here's 99.3.52.

It's getting better actually on the last seven days. 3.87.91. So the cost per purchase is dropping but still I had this number to actually be able to compare with.

So I was saying in the United States with this cost per purchase I'm getting this kind of average value. Let me see what I can get on Canada in order to compare them and this is what actually helped me to say okay I should not change my ads. I should leave them as they are because with this cost per purchase in United States I'm getting the results that I want.

So if I let them for more time they're going to get sales, my pixel is going to get trained, it's going to get better and I was right because if we think of it in this month not only the cost per purchase actually improved which is coming from the pixel getting better of course but also I was able to get higher ROAS actually double the amount of ROAS. So it's not only the cost per purchase because for me to get double I should have instead of 116 I should have 60 but here we have 91. So it didn't improve in such a drastically way.

I just believe that the pixel became better. We got more quality traffic, we got bigger average order value. This brand needs high average order value sales in order to have the result that it wants.

Some sales are going to be small but some are going to be bigger ones and this is how it's working. This is what I found interesting and I wanted to share with you on how I managed to scale this brand to another country now. Now only better things are going to happen because it's having very good results.

I'm going to start doing more campaign scaling and I'm pretty sure that this other account in one month from now it's going to be spending 100k per month. To be honest with you, I think easily. I don't like to say these things about Facebook because you can never predict what's going to happen but this is the feeling that I'm getting.

It's getting better and better and improving all the way but the initial data from the United States helped me actually to understand how I'm going to move on my ads on Canada. I hope it's interesting for you, at least for me, it was interesting in the way that I have approached it and the way that I handled it and in the way of not being afraid of staying like this without touching the ads and giving them time or training the pixel. I hope that it's going to help some of you and don't forget guys that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course or my website and until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.