Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about and today we're going to discuss about product saturation. What can you do about it? I'm guessing that because of the title of the video most of the people that are going to come and watch this video they're going to be dropshippers that they're just trying to sell items from Aliexpress that they're already being sold and they want to see how they can sell these items because they're lazy of finding new products and stuff.

This is not a video about this so if you're a dropshipper and you want to and you're looking for information about that you can just leave I guess. Bye! So, you're having one product that is working very well okay it's working very well for the past six months seven months eight months and then you start seeing a decline.

This is basic marketing and everybody including myself when you're doing your MBA this is something that they're going to teach you. All the products are doing circles okay and you're having one product that is starting very well and then you're having sales and at some point you're seeing that this product is having decreased sales or it's staying stable and it cannot move more scaled more or whatever. Why is this happening?

Most of the times this is happening because of the competition of course people are going to come and they're going to copy you. Also you have a saturation people are being bored of using the same product again and again and again and then you're having also the fact that there may be other products that are better than you. So what are you doing is the thing that it's being called rebranding.

So this goes mostly for companies that are having supplement brands and they're having for example if you have a t-shirt that is a best seller and it's not selling anymore okay maybe you can put it in a hoodie okay this is what I'm trying to say. The design is what is selling maybe someone wants to wear also this design in a hoodie. So you're trying to enter the market from different products in that case which is the one branch of remarketing.

The other branch of remarketing is that if you're having a product which is selling very well like a supplement or something else you can change the packaging because the packaging is something that people have been used to and they're using again and again. One major example is that a lot of times we see for example we know Kleenex for example okay which is having chlorine. Kleenex in all of these years changed the packaging from this to that and that and that so after that point you are saying why do they change the packaging because people are being bored of using something that looks old.

The same is happening with Coca-Cola anyway okay you are having products that they're changing all the time they're packaging so that it's going to be looking more appealing. People are being bored of watching the same thing again and again. The only thing that is not going to change is the logo.

The logo is going to stay the same because now it's a brand okay but the things that they're going to be advertised with this logo they're going to change. So the rebranding can happen in two sides either you're going to use this product by using the logo or the thing that you are having in the t-shirt, the design or whatever in another product. For example we know that Coca-Cola has also Fanta which is all about having lemonades and other soft drinks and they're doing this so that they can sell more.

This is also scaling. Another thing is that they're changing though their packaging which is another solution so that the product can look more appealing again come over the competition or even change a little bit the formulation. For example Chlorine started with one formulation then it changed to Chlorine Plus for example which is another form of it.

The same can happen with the supplement brand. You can have this packaging but now we are offering this with this okay something that has already proven selling we enhance it with something a little bit more for example another mineral for example so that it's going to look more appealing and you're going to name it if it's named Constantinos supplements this one is going to be Constantinos Plus okay it's going to have a better packaging a new packaging and stuff. So what I want you to understand that is every product is having a circle and when the circle is done you have to find solution it doesn't mean that the product has died okay this is this is the whole purpose of this video and for example there's another big brand that they were doing this drop shipping item which was a sour that sour hair that it was throwing a lot of hotter and what the other company did is that they produced one which was having a black matte color so that it doesn't look with all the same like the others exactly the same product but with different color so these things are things that are helping you to keep selling an item that is a proven bestseller you know that in this channel we like bestsellers because we think that in your stores if you're having 1000 products maybe two or three products are the bestsellers that they are selling a lot it doesn't mean that when you find these bestsellers and they die after some saturation period or because you scale too aggressively or too fast that this is the end of the product and you should not do something in order to actually refresh it.

That's all I had about this topic I hope that it's going to be interesting I hope that's going to help some of you and don't forget that if you want to learn more about facebook ads you can check my book or my free course and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent