Hello Facebook Ads people! I'm Kostantinos and today there's going to be a very short video that we're going to talk about a new credit that Facebook is having right now and you should not miss it. First of all, I would like to apologize that I'm telling you this now.

I forgot it. Okay, bear with me. So we will go fast on my PC and I'm going to show you what is this credit all about.

I'm going to show you two small accounts that they have it. By the way, I also mentioned this in a podcast about the credit opportunity but let me explain you what is it. Don't ask me how you're going to get it.

You need to contact Facebook and ask about it. Some of you got a message on the top of your ads manager. Everybody's actually getting it.

I have taken it in seven several accounts. It's 10,000 for most of the accounts that I know and let's go on my PC to show you if and if you're inside this category maybe you can ask for it from your Facebook rep or you can call the customer support and find a way to do it. So I don't want to make this video very long.

I'm just going to show you one account here. This is a baby brand which is actually the small brother of another big brand that I have. Maybe I have showed you this account in the past but as you can see this account it's actually now in the process of gathering data.

If we see that if we go here from this to March you can see that we're getting 1.21, 1.14 and stuff and 0.24 and just some sales on the catalog but all of this is coming from exactly the same campaign that I'm using here with the credit and I'm going to show you the results in a little bit. What I wanted to say about it is that the only thing that they're asking is that when you're going to come inside this campaign and you go to the asset level that instead of website only here you're going to have website and shop. This is the only thing that they're asking and they tell you you need to do the best campaign that you had, the best creatives, the best whatever just put website and shop and not just website and see if it's going to help you and they're giving you $10,000 to test it in some cases 5k and stuff.

Now let's discuss a little bit of what happened and then we will go for the closing of the video. Here as you can see the results that we're getting was 1.21 and stuff and it was all about gathering data and pixel data in order for us to be able then to do, by the way this is lookalikes also so we are not using interest anymore we are now in the face of lookalikes and we're gathering data in order to be able to go to broad targeting, advantage plus campaigns and do also broad targeting crazy method. What we're doing right now is stacked lookalikes crazy method which is actually having several lookalikes stacked here as you can see and the results that we are having this month with this campaign is 1.3 but in the last seven days we see 1.82 we see results that they're improving of course I'm optimizing the CBO campaign as I should over here with the ways that I show you the crazy method optimization and basically this is also free money because we took it from the credit.

So here what we are doing whatever we have learned in this account facebook is giving us free money now you know from this video you can check with your facebook rep or with an email we use crazy method we use stacked lookalikes and we were using so far relances all the time in order to train our pixel and be able to expand in an opportunity like this. I will see you for the closing of the video I hope that you're going to get the credit for your company and for your business. So that's all about the credit good deal if you have 10k to spend or even if they give you 3k 5k whatever it doesn't matter this is going to be free money that's going to help you this is also one of the reasons that I believe that the facebook ads are more expensive right now on april so in my opinion since everybody's doing it now in april if you can push this for may I think it's going to be better in terms of the results that you're going to get and much better spent money if you cannot and they tell you to start it now start it now but most of these credit tests are going to finish most probably at the end or at the start of may so if you can take it for later go for it that's all I had for you don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book my free course and my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent