Hello guys! Another short video. Today I discussed with another Facebook representative.

If you don't know my opinion about Facebook representatives, I have an amazing video for you. You can go and you can watch it. Before we dive into this, hit the like button.

It really helps me a lot with the creation of my content and consider to subscribe. Now, I talked with another Facebook representative and again it's the same thing again and again and again with all the Facebook representatives that I meet. Consolidate your ads.

I don't want to consolidate my ads just because Facebook is saying so. So, their proposal is this. Instead of doing a campaign the way that I teach you in my dynamic creative ads, you can see the video, you should run instead campaigns that are going to have only one ad set and broad targeting for example.

This is risky, okay? If you're spending $100, $200 per day, it's better for you to have CBO campaigns with several ad sets and actually distribute the budget among them so that you can actually have options of closing one or two of them and not to mention dynamic ads that are doing the same job for you but without you having to micromanage them. On the other hand, if you have a campaign structure which is having several ad sets and within the ad sets you have several ads, you need to do this micromanagement also there.

The several ads within the same ad set, they work like a CBO campaign. You have to micromanage there and kill the ones that are not working or spending the budget for no reason. Consolidating your campaigns and actually having only one ad spending the $150 like the Facebook representatives are actually proposing, it's not okay.

It's extremely risky and whatever I'm saying here now, I want you to think of it, okay? And try to understand what makes more sense, okay? And the next time that a Facebook representative is going to propose this to you, say, okay, I have tested it in the future, I don't want to test it again, I want to be more sure about it.

Before we close this video, I want to mention this. A lot of things that Facebook representatives are actually saying are things that they're working ahead in the future, okay? We had this same situation with the automatic placements that I can see that now they start working a little bit better.

We have these kind of things with the CBO and ABO. When the CBO was launched, it was not working. ABO was much better, now CBO is better and whatever Facebook is actually proposing, it's taking some time.

So don't actually throw the idea of consolidation of your campaigns, but be sure to check it frequently in order to see when it's actually going to start working better and better. And something else, you are not going to scale like this, never. If you're spending 150 in just one asset and you just go and immediately do from 150 to 250, this is not a scaling, okay?

This is something that is going to cause you have lesser results and it's not okay. Scaling, it's coming with multiple campaigns and having multiple ads inside your campaigns so that you can have control. Everything else is just trusting too much Facebook and we don't trust Facebook, we trust only the algorithm.

I will see you in a future video.