Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I have discovered a new look-alike method. The high society look-alikes. Well actually not today.

This is a method that I have discovered one and a half month ago and I'm testing it heavily and I can tell you that it's working very well. It's not like it's a crazy thing like the Advantage Plus for example which is working very well in several accounts. It is another method which is also working but the most intriguing thing is the theory behind the method and this is where we're going to focus and then we're going to MyPC to show you how to do it and so on.

What if I have told you that when we're creating a look-alike 1% in the United States, the 2 million is not the whole 1% look-alike that Facebook is creating for us. Let me explain. A lot of times we have been talking about the iOS changes and how we stopped using 1% look-alikes because now there are very small audiences and actually Facebook wants broader audiences.

So I was thinking can we actually use 1% look-alikes and actually target bigger audiences and the first thing that came to my mind some months ago it was the stacked look-alikes but again it was not working with 1% it was working when you were stacking all the 10%. So I was still thinking and I was trying to understand how can we use again the 1% look-alike because in theory the 1% look-alike is always the best one and it's going to be the best one. It's the one that is closer to the event that we are picking so that we can create the look-alike.

So I started experimenting and I have found this. I have found that if you create a worldwide look-alike of 1% and then you target the country that you want, the amount of people that you are targeting for United States for instance are not going to be 2.3 million like the default that we are seeing from 1% look-alikes when we create them immediately for the USA audience. Let me explain further.

What if Facebook when we create a look-alike audience it's creating an audience of 20, 30, 40 million people and then because by default it has to give us a 2.3 million it's picking 2.3 million out of that and it's populating the look-alike for United States. What if the look-alike that is being created initially it's much higher from the one that Facebook is giving to us by default. So by doing this simple observation in accounts I started creating 1% look-alikes in different accounts and do you know what I realized?

That based on how big the ad account was it was creating much bigger audiences when you were targeting the United States. So what's the philosophy? You're creating 1% look-alike for worldwide and then in the ad set level when you're creating the campaign you are actually targeting United States.

So you can see that in most cases it's targeting 20-30 million people and this number is becoming higher and higher when you're using it in much bigger accounts and when you are using it in much smaller accounts with less data it's actually less potential reach. So that being said it's very intriguing when you understand that just because by default Facebook in United States is going to create the 1% look-alike to 2.3 million that the whole 1% look-alike that is being created initially it's not 2.3 million but 20 million and even if we go by the best intention of Facebook that it will give us the best 2.3 million people I find it hard to believe that there are not more sales inside this 1% 20 million look-alike that has been created initially. Okay so now let me show you what I'm talking about.

So if we go from here we go to the audiences, we can create, we can create custom audience for example create our custom audience that we want and now we can go and we can create a look-alike out of it. Let's say that we take this one okay if we go here we can create a look-alike and this time instead of putting here United States okay if we put United States it's going to create an audience of 2.3 million we know that. Now if we come here and we click instead of this browse countries and select all it's going to go and create one percent look-alikes which is going to be uh for worldwide okay which is going to be 32 million let's name this one and it's going to create it.

Now when we have this one we're going to have something like this okay we have a look-alike of purchase event 179 days it says between 26 to 31 million this is what it happens. Now this is a worldwide look-alike of one percent purchase when we go inside in our campaign here let's say we press here and let's just give it a second because it wants to make my life difficult. Thousands of tears later.

Okay Facebook let's press continue okay now it wants to work with us. So when we go here and of course we select our pixel and we select our event because Facebook apparently now that I'm making a video wants to make everything super complicated anyway. When we come here we go to our custom audiences here and we can add our look-alike audience and we put one percent so that it's going to appear.

So if we look at our custom audiences here this is the audience okay if this audience targets United States is not anymore the size that we see here 26 to 31 it's now 21 to 25 million. If we use an one percent look-alike let's take one from here Let's use this one for example the potential reach is 2.3 to 2.7 million but if we use the one percent worldwide look-alike like what I have done here we are having immediately an audience of 21 to 25 million. That being said we are able to use one percent look-alike by just targeting the country over here.

By the way it makes total sense because out of the 31 million people in the worldwide most of the data is coming from United States so what is populating is that most of this audience is going to be a United States audience that you can target. So we are having one percent look-alikes over here that we can use all over again because one percent as I said is always going to be the best and what we are also seeing here is that we can target 21 to 25 million just with one audience not to mention that you can take my stacked look-alikes method and put all of the worldwide one percent for the different custom audiences. If you don't know what the stacked look-alike is you have to go and watch the video.

I'm very excited with this because the only problem that I had so far with one percent look-alikes it was that they were very small audiences okay and you cannot use them anymore because two or three million for now for United States for you to target it's not a solution this is why we started creating the stacked look-alikes but right now we are having just one audience one percent worldwide look-alike which is 21 to 25 million and by just targeting here the United States we are able to use again one percent look-alikes. Is it working? Yes it's actually working very well.

I can tell you with several accounts that it's working very well. Of course the accounts that I'm testing it maybe they have a lot of data even broad targeting is working there. It's working with crazy method it's working very well.

At the end of the day for me this is another method that you should use. Another thing which is very interesting for me is that the estimated audience size it really varies from account to account and let me show you another ad account on what is the estimate audience. So in this ad account while the previous one percent worldwide was actually I believe it was uh 31 no yeah 26 to 31 on this ad account we can see that the one percent look-alikes goes from 25 to 29.

Why? The previous ad account had more data it had more spent it had a stronger pixel a bigger pixel and so on so I realized that the more an ad account has spent the higher the estimated audience size of the one percent look-alike is going to be and that means that it's also changing inside here because over here in the one percent look-alike that I have created targeting United States you can see that we have 24 to 28 million while in the other one the estimated was 21 to 25. You can actually see that over here the estimated rates in United States is different.

So the full potential in the bigger account it was higher but when we are targeting the United States in the other account we could see that we can target more people. That means that the look-alikes that are being created they are being created based on the amount of data that they are having from United States and that means that when you use United States you are having a different potential rates based on your different ad accounts. Of course the differences are going to be small.

I have seen one ad account I think that it was 19 million not even 20 million but most of the times it's between 20 and 25 million around and 28 million. Around that number you will see the estimated audience size but for me this is also intriguing because at the end of the day it means that Facebook is creating different sizes for the look-alikes and then by default it populates some of these people from these bigger audiences that it creates so that it can create the one percent one to two percent two to three percent. I think that there are more people that are going to buy in these bigger audiences you can test it on your different accounts and see what audience size you are populating.

You can test it alone with a crazy method you can test it alone by creating a CBO campaign that you're going to have one percent worldwide purchase one percent worldwide checkout in different and so on and so on in different ad sets and you can also take test it with stacked look-alikes by using one percent look-alikes using the stacked and then crazy method. If you know my different videos you should be able to understand what I'm talking about. So that's all I had for you about the high society look-alikes method.

We are able now to use again the one percent look-alike. It's working in several accounts. I must say that it's not working in super beginning accounts but it makes sense right because the super beginner accounts they're not you know the accounts that look-alikes are going to work anyway.

So maybe it's a safe bet because after some point the pixel is going to work even with broad targeting or any look-alike but at the end of the day it's also another method another thing that is going to work and to be honest with you there is one other account right now that only the high society look-alike is actually working and the stacked look-alikes are not working. This is why I always want to give you more and more methods because something is going to work for you something is going to work for another person and another ad account. For me the most intriguing here is the whole philosophy behind it and the fact that we know that now Facebook is creating based on the data that another account has much bigger audiences and this is what intrigues me and I'm going to keep testing it.

Test it let me know in the comments if it worked for you. If you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book or my free course and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.