Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today since we are reaching close to Black Friday, we're going to discuss a little bit about the market from freelancers to agencies, what to expect and all the red flags. First of all, I'm also a freelancer, I do ads for other people, so I do have a clear opinion about the market and what is happening. We're going to discuss a little bit about the red flags, what you need to see in stuff, Upwork and other ways of finding freelancers.

First of all, as you can see in the thumb, I added one print screen for some crazy rows and stuff. First of all, this ad account, it is real, it exists on a Caribbean island, Aruba, okay, it exists on Aruba and it's actually a monopoly site that sells unique things. If you are a viewer of this channel, most probably by me talking about this all over these years, you can piece out the puzzles and have the whole story.

There are ad accounts that are operating like this, your ad account is not going to operate like this, this is the sad truth. If you have an ad account operating like this, good for you, but don't expect an ad account to operate like this if it's operating with two or three ROAs. Let's discuss a little bit about expectations.

When you're hiring someone like me or an agency or someone, don't expect just because you are hiring them to take you from the two ROAs that you are and you are unprofitable to three, four ROAs just because you hired someone. This is not their work. Their work is to scale what you have already achieved.

For example, if you have two ROAs break-even and you are hitting 2.5 ROAs, the ultimate goal here is to scale if they can and if they have the time also while they are maintaining the 2.5 ROAs or dropping a little bit. And what I'm trying to say by this is that Facebook Ads is not a platform that you are looking for ROAs, but you are looking for volume. You are looking to scale all the time.

So don't expect for someone or pay someone just to fix it. There are rare cases that we are scaling and the ROAs are improving and rare cases that we are scaling and the ROAs are maintaining exactly the same and not dropping a little bit. Of course, they're happening, but don't go with that idea to the freelancer or the agency that you want to work with.

In our world and in the job that we do, there are a lot of times customers that they come to us and they ask crazy things here and there. I'm always honest with them and I even turn them down and tell them, look, if you are looking for that, I don't think that this is possible. On the other hand, there are other people that they are just saying that everything is possible and you will go and tell them, I want five ROAs.

They will tell you, sure, we can get five ROAs. They just take your money and all of this is causing a very big problem in the trustworthiness of the industry because I meet people that again and again they told me that I had this bad experience with the agency, this bad thing with this freelancer and stuff. Be honest to the people and try to see if you can help them or not and if you fail, it's fine.

You can move on. But if you tell them lies, for example, that you can get them five ROAs and then they come to you the next month and they talk to you that, they tell to you that you told us about five ROAs and you didn't and you tell them that, no, this is not possible while you took their money. Well, for me, this is unethical.

Just be transparent from the beginning and say if you can reach the target or not and if you think based on your experience that this is achievable or not. Recently, I have seen a video from a Greek, I'm not going to call him a freelancer, I'm going to call him an idiot. Basically, what he has done is that he was showing a video that he was saying that there was one owner of a store.

The budgets in Greece are very small, by the way and I don't work with Greece but, you know, he does because obviously he cannot do anything better than that. But he was telling to this guy that, in a video, that look, this agency that you hired, it actually spent 115 euros and they have 0.5 ROAs and this is unacceptable and stuff and everybody in this agency should be fired and it got me triggered actually and I argued with him and I told him that you cannot say about people to get fired or whatever. You can say your opinion always but not like that.

He has a course for $27, for example. Anyway, and he told me that I have 30 clients and all of them they have 4 ROAs. This is a red flag for me because that means that all of them they have high average order value items or I don't know what, I told him that even if they sell t-shirts or coffee machines or they sell refrigerator units, all of them they have 4 ROAs.

This is impossible and this made me realize that this idiot doesn't know what he's talking about because if you're talking like this and you're saying that I'm having 30 clients that all of them they have 4 ROAs, obviously you don't know the industry and you don't understand the fact that there are going to be completely different ROAs because the ROAs really depend on the numbers of a company and they don't just depend on what you want as a person. If you come to me and you tell me I want 3 ROAs, I'm going to sit down, look at your numbers, what kind of results you are getting and then we're going to decide if it's possible or not. It's not like I want 3 ROAs, this is what I want and this is what I'm actually asking from you and if I don't get it, it's your fault and my fault.

It's your company's fault, it's not my fault that I cannot increase the numbers of your revenue for example. So Facebook is the platform that's actually connecting people with the site. If the site is set, if your numbers don't make sense, if you have bad average or value, if you have an item which is a monopoly for example and it's selling very well just to give you also the other site while others they don't have this product and you are making crazy ROAs out of it because nobody else has it.

All of that it's something that Facebook is just connecting the right people with your site. If your numbers don't make sense don't expect 3 ROAs to come just like this because Facebook is not going to fix your ROAs problem. This is a problem that it has to fix within your company.

So agencies coming and telling that hey we had these results here, these results there, it's irrelevant. It doesn't matter if they had 4, 5, 6, 7 ROAs, the ad accounts that I'm showing you, it doesn't matter. I'm showing you the ad accounts and I'm saying to you for example okay we're seeing 5 ROAs here but the break-even ROAs is 4.

Okay the break-even ROAs matters. If somebody shows you 4 ROAs and the break-even ROAs is 4, it doesn't matter. What really matters is to be able to understand the numbers of a company and when somebody shows you one case study with big numbers or whatever you need to understand that this has nothing to do with your own company.

It's just for you to see what kind of things they have done in the ad account. The same way that I'm showing case studies and I'm showing them for a reason to show you the growth, to show you how it went, to show you how we structured an ad account with a lot of different campaigns and how we overcome bad periods. This is what you need to show in a case study, not to flex some ROAs that you don't know the break-even ROAs behind them.

So let's talk about case studies and let's talk about print screens. Somebody can send you print screens and stuff, it doesn't say anything because somebody can take the print screens from someone else. Secondly, if they show you a case study or something, it doesn't say anything.

Do you know how you're going to filter them? Ask them, can you show me an ad account now? Show me live an ad account.

Don't just show me the ROAs on the ad account. Show me what you have done. Show me how you have built it.

Show me how it has actually evolved the same way that I'm showing in the case studies. Show me what is your plan for the next months and where you want to go. If you are getting any resistances, how are you operating in this ad account?

Which kind of strategies you are using? Why? Which is the break-even ROAs?

Okay, so numbers just by numbers, they don't say anything. But numbers, when you compare them with the break-even numbers, they do make a lot of sense. So don't just get dazzled by someone showing you three, four, five, ROAs, seven ROAs.

It doesn't matter. You don't know what kind of products they are selling. What really matters here is to understand their process and to see if it's going to make sense with your company.

When it comes to agencies, be careful of not going into someone who is going to close you and then someone else is going to do the ads. One of the biggest issues with agencies is the lack of communication. The person that you're talking to and you like and it's closing you because he's a closer, it doesn't mean that it's going to work with you.

Most probably the job is going to delegate it to someone else and this person is going to do your ads and you're just going to talk with this person and not with the person who is actually doing the ads or she is actually doing the ads. That's a very big issue with agencies. Third thing, I never work with three month contract.

I do understand that it's important to have time but a lot of times agencies are using that in order to stall. For example, I'm having some clients for example that I'm closing on, let's say, for this year on June. On July I'm doing very well.

On August I'm doing very well. On the other month of September I'm doing very bad. The client is firing me.

It has actually happened. That's a fragile you know way of working. I always work monthly because I really like for people to like me in order to work with me and sometimes you might even have very good results but you're not going to be a very good fit with someone.

You're not going to like to talk to each other or you're not going to like him or he is not going to, she is not going to like you. So this is an issue and a lot of times agencies try to save that by having three month contracts. In these three months if results are not doing well in the first month they try to stall you and they say that this month we're going to do testing, the next month we are going to do this, the next month we're going to do this and they try to stall the situation and you're losing three months of your spend.

This is why I don't like to have three month contracts. I do understand that from the business perspective it makes total sense but for me I prefer not to have someone crying about results or whatever when they cannot support it and just leave instead of keeping in them crying and for agencies it's about volume okay it's about closing another client, another client, another client. It doesn't matter because they are just running three campaigns.

One campaign for testing, one campaign for prospecting and one campaign for retargeting and that's it. That's a small management so they can have 50, 60, 70, 80 clients. They employ people from India and Pakistan.

I have nothing against the countries but the quality work over there is poor. They're not experts okay, they are doing basic stuff that everybody does and the other thing is that you are having these agencies that they don't care if you're going to fire them or not because their whole business is actually built up on the process of onboarding new clients again and again and again and if one other account is working perfect let's keep it if it's not let's leave it. So that's how the industry with agencies is working and this is why I don't like to have an agency and I don't and I just I'm just a freelancer even if that means that I can take less clients because I like to build my relationships and this is the reason that I managed to scale way past what agencies are doing by having very big contracts with companies that I'm working for years like the case studies that I showed you the previous days or weeks I don't know it's a better relationship like this instead of just having of course it's a little bit more riskier because if one of these clients lives then you have a big problem that you need to replenish and these are built up relationships for years that I have right now but I wasn't affected so much by it so far so I'm keep doing it instead of trying to onboard all the time new clients and just get volume volume without me trying to build relationships.

And this is the difference so from your perspective you need to give time to someone work with you because I have showed you in the case studies previously that it needs time some months are going to be bad some months are going to be good September for me and if you're a freelancer most probably you know it it has been a month that I have onboarded some clients on July they stopped because of September even while we did pretty well on July and August and I know that this is unfair but this is how it works you might do ads for example let's say that somebody employs me on September I'm having ads that are worse from what they had on August and July they blame me because it's just a bad period but they do blame me because I'm the new factor coming in and then they fire me for example they hire someone on October October is a good month and suddenly this suddenly suddenly this person is considered better advertiser than me no it's not about that if you work with someone give them a long period of time to work and just try to find out what your numbers are and if you're working and so on and this is how it works and this is the sad part with our niece over here which means that people come and go and this is what the agencies are realizing and they're doing it like this but they're not building the ad accounts inside they don't care about their accounts they go immediately and they just create volume of new clients coming and they don't serve them in a good way of course there are exceptions to the rule okay there are a lot of agencies that they do creatives they do the branding they do all of that and they have very good results with their clients and they work individually in each one of the other accounts the same way that one freelancer does but most of the agencies and most of the people that I talk to they have bad experiences from agencies that they just on board all the time new clients and they have a very basic structure of three campaigns while you can have a structure of having several campaigns I'm not going to show you in the pc you can see the previous case studies that I have most probably two or three videos back so because black friday is coming I wanted to make this discussion so that somebody can see it and it can save them time from all of that and just understand more just to summarize if you want to work with someone just try to realize if the agency or the freelancer that you want to hire they just work with the model of volume instead of the model of quality so if they just say to you crazy things like yes we can have five rows and rows they don't care about it and they are going to just work for you take the money for one month and that's it ask them to see live ad accounts learn about their process understand why they are doing this and that tell them about break-even rows don't let them just show you ROAS and you will be dazzled by it calculate with them the break-even rows if you don't believe them you have to understand that marketeers tend to lie a lot and that's another issue that we have to fix we cannot just lie all the time if the ROAS is not good we show we show the CTRs and the clicks and if the clicks are not good we show the ROAS and so on we need to we need to you know speak from from a level of expertise okay we are experts and the people that they work with us this is what they want from us they want to scale they want that but this doesn't mean that we can always meet the requirements of crazy ROAS or scaling while maintaining five ROAS or whatever that may be all of that summarizes what you need to do in order to see if you're going to work with an agency with a freelancer if you want to do the ads on your own it's also good but you're not going to have this you know idea of working in multiple ad accounts and seeing different things which is going to help you this is the reason that i started doing facebook ads because before i become freelancer i had my own e-commerce stores and i wanted to be very good on that so that i can be good with my ads and this is how i started working with others with word of mouth and then i realized that i liked it more from e-commerce i sold my e-commerce store and then i became a freelancer but you know all of these things i don't want to make this video longer i hope that you understand i hope that it's going to help you in order to try to find the best ideal person to work with you don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book my course my website and until we meet again guys have a nice black friday be careful who are you are going to employ and be creative and be consistent