Just a question for each one that is watching the video. I bought this from France and I'm actually curious to know if any of you that has any of those just broke it and if it has wine inside or not okay. If anyone knows let me know in the comments.

So enough the topic for today is frequency. Frequency is something that I see lately being discussed a lot and I also see a lot of people telling that two frequencies a lot and stuff like that. What is frequency first of all?

Frequency is the people that they have seen the ads. How frequently are they seeing your ads? A very good way to extinguish it, extinguish it, not extinguish it, is to actually think it like this.

If your frequency is 2.2 it means that this is just a very short way okay. It's not like that but let's say that it is like this just so that you can understand it better. That 100% of the people have seen it have seen your ads two times and 20% of the people on the total reach have seen the ads three times.

Okay now this is happening within the conversion window. The last seven days of your ads. If you are using the attribution window, attribution setting of one day that means that the frequency is actually showing the people that they have seen, how many times people have seen the ad in this one day.

Now knowing that a lot of times people say that two frequency for example is a lot. I don't care so much about frequency. It's a very good indicator to understand if your ads are starting to deplete the audience or whatever but you should care about return on ads spend or about cost per lead.

You should not care so much about frequency. I have seen frequency, 20 frequency for example, of course in targeting campaigns okay, not in call traffic, but I have seen 20 frequency going very well. Why you should close this ad and create something else just so that you can say that you are using another ad which is going to fail maybe.

So don't care so much about frequency. It's a very good indicator to understand if your audience is getting you know too many times your ad but other than that you shouldn't care so much about it okay. A general rule that I like to apply is that I like to see below 10 frequency for call traffic ads.

Of course with vast audiences this is never going to happen unless if you're spending crazy amount of money and for retargeting ads I have it between 10 and 20. It's not happening again in most of my accounts I'm seeing 3, 4, 5, 6, never 10 but even if it goes between 10 and 20 and you're not having enough traffic as long as you're having good draws I don't care. Above 10 I'm starting to get it worried and starting seeing what is happening and pay a closer look to pay attention and closer look to my ads but other than that you shouldn't care about it.

You should just follow the return on ads or the cost per lead and I'm going to see you in a future video.