Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about the lookalikes and the general idea that I have about them for 2024. Not many things basically have changed. One of the major ways that we are using lookalikes is stacked lookalikes with 10% lookalikes.

The situation is that after iOS we have seen that the 1% lookalikes which always are the lookalikes that they're working the best in theory. They stopped working so we start using broader lookalikes which was basically the only way to go to broad audience while using something which is close to interest. So this was the idea and they were working very well the 10% lookalikes so then I thought why don't we just put the 10% all of them together stack them so that we can create a broader audience which is going to be based on lookalikes.

Is this still something that I do? I do it because in several ad accounts because I know that I do several campaigns per ad account especially in ad accounts that they scale above 300k 500k I have the limitation of 8 advance plus per ad account so I do CBO campaigns with stacked lookalikes basically and I try to expand my spend more by just doing a lookalikes a stacked lookalikes 10% of course when I talk about stacked lookalikes 10% I don't do just one ad set I use also the crazy method which you have to go and see my video about the crazy method if you don't know what the crazy method is. So basically nothing changed on the 2024 stacked lookalikes you can go and you can watch my dedicated video about stacked lookalikes.

I'm going to take you to my pc to show you some stacked lookalikes and how they behave and how I structure them and also you need to watch my CBO optimization to understand how to optimize CBO campaigns like the ones that I'm going to actually show you. The only difference that I see to lookalikes because I do believe that we do go to a bigger transition to broad targeting the only difference that I see to lookalikes and that it was mentioning right now is that stacked lookalikes are going to to work again especially in other accounts that I want to do more campaigns and I'm limited and it's going to be a good tool to use maybe in order to transition from interest to broad targeting when broad targeting is not working because your pixel is fairly new to a big country because if you're in a small country with a smaller potential reach most probably broad targeting is going to work immediately if it doesn't and you're desperate you can go again to interest and then to lookalikes and then to broad. One major change that I might think that we might have is maybe the revitalizing of the blender method which I think you can watch the videos about the blender method I guess but I think that with the new advanced plus audience which they made most probably for the new ad accounts you can use interests or lookalikes and then it's going to expand it to a broader audience which is exactly the way that the blender method was working with the expand button audience before so I do believe that now with the advanced plus audience if we put interests and lookalikes together which I have tested by the way it worked this is something that in the third and fourth quarter maybe it's going to be better as long as people use the advanced plus audience it's going to get better and I think that this is something that we're going to start using more and more I have a video about advanced plus audience and you can go and watch it there I analyze it more on how it is going to work and I will say some things also here in when we are going to go to my pc which is going to happen right now.

Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So let's go and let me show you first of all what is the stacked lookalikes and how am I using them. Basically it's a CBO campaign that we do we run it with crazy method crazy method means that in this specific situation all the 10 ad sets they're exactly the same because we want to target different hot pockets in the 76 million people.

No it's not going to target the same people it's going to target different people based on the initial sales and the randomness of the initial results. So the settings we have done another video explaining and here we have several lookalikes. Sadly I cannot show all of this because it's going to expose who the client is but we have as many lookalikes as we can put so in this case we have Facebook engagers we have Add to Cart 180 days we have Initial Checkout 180 days this is from another pixel this is where you see 179 days here we have some items that it was created from Shopify and so on.

So we have a huge list over here and then we do our CBO optimization where we're going to do a specific video about it showing how we optimize and a campaign like this with CBO. Now this is the main way that I like to use it but let me tell you that for example in these countries like United States, Canada, United Kingdom if you do 1% lookalikes maybe they're going to work. In smaller countries for example if we talk about the examples that I love to use in the last days which I don't know why maybe because of the comments of people Poland, Switzerland, and Australia.

In these countries you cannot do 1% lookalikes anymore it's almost impossible to do lookalikes. If you do a lookalike you have to do necessarily you have to go to 10% anyway. Here going to 10% means that our pixel is trained and you can start with 1% and then expand your way up to 10% and then do 10% stacked.

If you are in smaller countries with smaller potential rates you have to start immediately on 10% there. So this is one change that we have and we have to be more broad because Facebook likes broader audiences now and it's all about the direction and the optimization that the direction from the pixel and the optimization that we're going to have. When we say pixel we mean pixel and the API of course.

So over here this is the structure with crazy method and the other thing that I like to point out here is what I was discussing earlier about the lookalikes that you can do. For example here. Sorry let me take out the catalog.

So here we have the advanced plus audience okay this new feature and back in the day what we were doing is that we had the blended method okay so here you were going to put two lookalike audiences the 1% add to cart 1% purchase and below here you were going to put some interests and below you were having an expand detail button audience which was saying that we're going to start from your initial audience but we're going to expand it to a broader audience and the broader audience it was this. It was the biggest broader audience that it would go. It was the age and the gender that you were putting.

If you were having for example, a potential reach with the lookalike audience and an interest of 20 million people it was going to expand it to these 290 million people eventually starting from the 20 million people expanding to the 290 million people with the demographics that we have here. If we had other demographics like for example 40, 65 plus and only women then the maximum that it could expand it it was the 70, 75 plus and only one of them was there 70, 79, 9 million and so on so this is how the expand button was actually working. This is when you were just using an interest okay?

When you were using interest and lookalike basically what was happening is that it was taking the lookalike and the interest and it was finding for example which are the people that they have the interest within the lookalike so it was the initial reach and when you were checking the button of expand detail targeting which used to exist before then it was just showing you the full potential reach of the lookalike. Then it was just showing you the full potential reach of the lookalike over here and of course the demographic with the lookalike. So that being said and why I'm saying that is now they put the expand button audience they made it mandatory for all the ad accounts we cannot use it anymore because before we had the option to click it or not.

But now they have this option which is all about the advance plus audience which says that it's going to expand our technology automatically finds your audience if you share an audience suggestion will prioritize audiences matching this profile before searching more widely. So it kind of works in the same way with this button so I believe that I'm going to start using again the blender method. What am I going to do is I'm going to add here lookalikes, I'm going to add here interests and I'm going to start with a smaller audience size but Facebook is going to expand it to the demographics I guess here.

Or the demographics I guess that it's going to take from here. Okay, one of these two is going to actually apply but I'm guessing this one for sure. It cannot just go and target in another country.

It would be impossible. But here I don't know if it's going to respect that age demographic and it's going to even go to broader audiences. I don't know that.

If it's going to work like the expand button audience it's going to work like this. If not it's going to have another technology. If it's going to have another technology that we just have to explore and find how it's working.

I have tested it by the way. Very good initial results but maybe I'm biased okay because I really liked the blender method and I made a lot of money doing the blender method for ad accounts that nothing else was working. Because they were in the verge between interests and broad targeting.

So I found a way of actually being in the middle and getting good results until we go to broad targeting. So that's something else that I think that you need to start investigating using interesting lookalikes at the same over here because as it says it's going to be used only as suggestions. So it finds some initial sales there and then it expands it to the hot pocket that it's actually going to create.

And you can do that thing also with the combination that is going to work. You can go and you can do it with crazy method also expanding it more. You can go study the stacked lookalikes more.

You can go study the cb optimization and you can go study the crazy method if you want. But if we have something new to say about lookalikes it's this thing. It's not working yet really well because when I split tested with broad targeting just like this and I use the old one with broad targeting the old audience is working better.

Comparing to that I don't know why but I believe that if this is going to start getting spent and Facebook is pushing it a lot proposing it a lot of that I think it's going to start getting better getting data and then it's going to be more powerful to use lookalikes and tinders together like the way that we used to do because the technology and the way of working feels like it's the same. So these are the lookalikes like them or not test them okay maybe they are going to work one of these things that I mentioned maybe it's going to work in your ad account maybe it's not it doesn't matter you have to test it and you have to know if it's going to work or not. Knowing that in your ad account not only broad targeting is working and this and this and this is working is also very important because it doesn't mean that whatever you're doing now it's going to work forever.

So having a plan B and C is good and also differentiating is good. The same way that you differentiate your investments having that to houses that to stocks that that that the same way you need to differentiate also managing your risk across campaigns and across different strategies into your ad accounts. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book my course my website my other videos and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.

I'll see you next time.