Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we are going to discuss about Advantage Plus campaigns that you know that I love, Crazy Method Edition. So Advantage Plus campaigns, very good results so far, super excited with them, they are working very well in smaller accounts and bigger accounts. I have a video that I posted some days ago about it and explaining how you can create one and how it's working.

Now let's talk a little bit about more in a more technical level let's say about the Advantage Plus. How does it work? So basically it's a strategy that it's really based on doing one ad set but having several different creatives by having different ads.

So the structure is one ad set, a lot of ads in this ad set and just one okay. So it's like a small CBO of ad sets. Now my thought since I saw Advantage Plus is that okay it's working, how can we make it better?

What can we do in order to increase it, to make it better and stuff? Because okay you're going to do one, another one, another one. If you have unlimited creatives that's perfect you can keep doing Advantage Plus campaigns again and again and again.

But what if we can do crazy method to it? What if each one of the ads is actually a different hot pocket? The same philosophy that we have with the crazy method and the different ad sets that we're using in this case.

So now we have one budget which goes to one ad set but we have different ads that most probably they spend different amount of money in different hot pockets based on what creative the different hot pocket likes. So the way that I thought this is what if we run an Advantage Plus campaign is it going to be with post IDs as we said as one way? Is it going to be with normal ads and whatever is working we take it and we put it in an Advantage Plus crazy method edition that we duplicate exactly the same ad several times inside and then we're trying to optimize it and see if it's going to have different results in different hot pockets.

I have some tests running right now. I can say that I think that they are super encouraging and they show that when you're finding something very promising within one of your Advantage Plus campaigns because most of the times the Advantage Plus campaigns are spending most of your money in one or two ads then you can take it and you can scale it more. So really interesting results so far.

This is the philosophy behind it because whatever we do we have a philosophy and we don't just do it just to do it we just think of it in a technical level and let's go on my computer to show you how it's working so far and maybe you can test it and you can let me know about your results. Okay guys so just let's see quickly how the Advantage Plus crazy method is working and what are the results so far. What I was observing here is that if we go here we can see that most of the sales and this is something typical in the Advantage Plus campaigns we can see that it's focusing in one or two ad sets in one or two ads in this case for example we can see that it's focusing on two and in this case over here we can see that that is focusing in just one.

So my idea was this we are having one ad set fine consolidation but we are having several ads and the thing is that when we were discussing about crazy method the whole process was that hey i want to target faster the same audience that likes one product so i'm going to do the crazy method to have more penetration by targeting the different hot pockets. The thought is this what if by putting exactly the same creative that the Advantage Plus has showed you that is working very well duplicated several times exactly the same what if it's going to target different hot pockets inside the very broad audience that you are targeting and yes i have done it so i'm taking this over here that has the majority of the sales the first one ad and i'm going here and i'm doing one Advantage Plus method with this time the same ad 12 12 times multiplied and i can see that over here my cpms are kind of also low it's working flawlessly i'm having more sales to this best seller and this is a new campaign it's only two days old it has 2.57 but i think that is going to increase more so while we're having the Advantage Plus campaign it doesn't mean that we should just create one campaign and that's it we can test all of these different creatives we can test creatives and post ids and as i said in the previous video but we can also run it in a crazy method edition and we can actually see if we can have more sales in our best seller since this is the one that facebook is using and it's actually spending money too so we're giving facebook the option to spend more and more and more so i'm pretty happy with the results so far i think that this is also another thing that i will do i want i won't be only using Advantage Plus but i will be using Advantage Plus crazy method in order to scale when i'm having some very good results and this is my update this is another idea and another approach the rose over here is 2.76 comparing to the other Advantage Plus we can see that it has spent also more money and has 3.18 that it has spent also more money and has 3.18 also here we can see that the checkouts over here it's 55 to 25 purchases the cost per purchase here it's a little bit higher i think that this campaign is still optimizing okay and yes there are different hot pockets and stuff now i think that the CPM is also higher from what we see on the other campaign but it's still too early but i still think that it's extremely profitable and i think that it can work what i can do here is that i can actually start optimizing like a crazy method campaign and see where this is going to go but i don't want to do it yet but most probably this is going to be my next thing i think that Advantage Plus is a great campaign structure and a great method but i think that maybe by tweaking a little bit the ads maybe we can improve it and have even better results as i mentioned in the previous video there is always one troublemaker ad over there that's spending a lot of money for no reason and i think that here with targeting different hot pockets we are going to have much better results but this is something that i'm going to test extensively and maybe come with a later video in one or two months from now so that's all i had about it let me know in the comments if you have tested it if you want to test it the results that you had with it the results that you had with Advantage Plus in total which i think that most probably it's going to be good because it's not a stupid difficult campaign to do it's very easy to do and guys don't forget that if you want to learn more about facebook ads you can check my book or my free course and until we meet again be creative and be consistent