Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we are going to see another case study but for United Kingdom this time. There is this video over here which is showing a case study of three months but in this video I'm having United States and United Kingdom together. In this video today we're going to analyze the United Kingdom only because now it's eight months since I have this company and most probably in the previous week from now or in the next week from now you're going to see a video with a case study for the United States which is going to be a whole separate video because I had some problems in April and which I was able to overcome without losing ROAS and maintaining my spend.

In United Kingdom the situation was different, it was much smoother, much easier and of course we were not able to scale at the same levels that we are able to scale in United States but we are going also very well there and we are reaching the 100k mark which you will see that it's completely different from what they used to have. I'm going to show you the story of how this has evolved and the way that I built it but I urge you to watch before that the case study for the United States which I'm actually saying to my video editor which is sitting behind the camera right now to just post the video from United States earlier so that it would make sense with what I say right now. I asked you at the start of the video first to see the United States video.

I think it's going to help you a lot because a lot of the things that I'm doing here they they're the same from the things that I explained in the United States. This video is going to be shorted and just analyze the numbers but mainly because of the fact also that we didn't have several issues with this account and challenges. Basically the spend over here so far from 1st of August to 20th of April it's $400,000 and the revenue it's $3.18,000,000.

And this is on pounds by the way guys okay. So 7.65 ROAS of course we haven't scaled to the numbers of the previous account. Still the break of ROAS is on 4 like the other ad account and we are always trying to do the best that we can hear based on the fact that we cannot scale as aggressively as we would want.

Now let's analyze a little bit of what happened and how we scaled on this account. The technicalities on how I scaled with different Advantage Plus and everything. All of this is being explained in the United States case study and I don't want to make these videos super long just to make them.

I want them to be more efficient. So 1st of August 31 of August we have 13 ROAS like the other account which had I believe 14.5. Just a spend of 8.8k.

This is the point that I come okay. So let's go on September. On September we're having 7k 18.93 by just testing and changing things okay.

They didn't want to move very fast with that. The other thing is that on October I'm starting to do campaigns okay. So basically I double the budget.

It's a very standard process when you come in an account and you want to scale a little bit you just double the budget. If you go from 100 you will go to 200 okay and then you will go to 400 and so on. So basically the logic here said let's go to 20k okay.

Let's see what will happen. 16 ROAS, even much better ROAS from what they used to have okay. Because if we see here on August actually they were having 13.46 with 8 ROAS.

So my idea here is was that they are not even scratching the surface of their full potential because if we have 16 ROAS well we are scaling that means that we can do much better. And yes this account is consistently doing much better. Also another thing which I see as a big difference in this account is that maybe in United States if we have an average cost per purchase of 50, 60, 70.

Here we have 33 pounds but 33. It's much cheaper compared to United States. November, Black Friday.

On Black Friday we did 54k 9.25k. I want to remind you that in United States we did from 20k 130k on Black Friday. Eventually 20k it was on August I believe.

And then we have 9.25 ROAS still good. We are scaling here. Here it's another situation from what I explained in the Adred account.

In the Adred account we scaled from let's say 20k 130k and we wanted to have this attack period which is the Black Friday so that we can have a new base of 130k which we achieved two months later. But here we had 54k spent but I knew that this was not even close to what it could spend. So I believe that the way that we acted in this Black Friday we lost the Black Friday.

We could have scaled much more and be more aggressive but as I told you there are other reasons that we are not scaling as fast as we want. So don't get me wrong but I think that 54k with 9 ROAS here is not what we should have done. When you have the attack periods like Black Friday you have to squeeze them.

You have to take as much as you can over there in order to see the limits of accounts in a good period. Because if you don't see the limits of the account in a good period when are you going to see them? In a bad period?

How are you going to know what is the ideal scenario and where you can get with the Black Friday? So I believe that we lost one year over here of actually understanding what is the full potential of the account but maybe it's not needed because the company is not ready to scale here on the United Kingdom. Then we go on December of course it's going to drop a little bit 34k, 6.29k.

It wasn't a good month and of course another thing that I want to say here is that also the competition in United Kingdom has started catching up with them on that point but still you know we have 8 ROAS. It's 8 ROAS on January over here with 53k. So for us we recuperated immediately the amount that we have done on Black Friday which is not happening so easy which means that we didn't spend enough.

This is how I understand if I have spent enough. You know every Black Friday when it comes I say I should have spent more okay and every year I spend more and more on different accounts and I'm more aggressive and then I say the next day I should have spent more. I don't know when it's going to be enough but also I have the responsibility of not being reckless just because it's Black Friday.

So we go on January 53k, 8.13 February which was a good month for everybody. 6.38, 77k. We scaled a little bit more let me compare to that.

53k, 77k. Okay so and something else in these other counts don't see the other counts as okay what a failure. He did 77k another 17k and he lost 2 ROAS for example.

It's not about that. It's about how much money are we going to be able to spend as long as we hit certain ROAS. That's the whole key.

Okay it's not how much how what kind of ROAS I have above that. We don't care about that because the company is giving you a clear target. There are big accounts with one ROAS for example.

I have one which is spending actually 900k. Yeah and and if I show you the ROAS you are not going to like it. Pause the video.

I'm going to show it to them just a second. Okay on this account I'm going to hide a lot of different things but as you can see here in the last month on March it spent 882k pounds which most probably it's it's close to 1 million dollars and the situation here is this. As you can see the ROAS is 1.08.

Do you think that these people would have spent all of this money without profitability? No is the answer. Okay so it's not about the ROAS because sometimes people see 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ROAS and this is what they care about.

Maybe if you are selling houses you need 50 ROAS to be profitable but if you're selling t-shirts you need 1.8. So don't get fixated so much with the ROAS and understand that there are different businesses with different ROAS that they can operate. And when you are working with different ad accounts accounts that they are having different spends their strategies are changing.

And of course I cannot make videos about 100k ad accounts and how they spend because there's no way that somebody who's spending this amount of money is going to do it on his own and they're going to need my help with videos and that. So all of the content is mostly being transitioned to smaller ad accounts like 100k, 200k, 300k that people can actually do this on their own and this is where they need the help. But yes there are very big ad accounts that they are spending millions and millions.

The maximum that they have spent it was 1.5 million per month. But here we have another one which has spent 1 million and as you can see we're using one Advantage Plus campaigns but inside it has more than 150 creatives and stuff. It's a different situation anyway.

The thing is this, there are ad accounts, don't be so fixated with the ROAS, be fixated with your break-even ROAS and whatever you are going to spend more than that this is the profit that you are getting. And this is also my promise to show ad accounts that they are having very high spend and lower ROAS while I'm showing also normal accounts with normal ROAS. And something last, it is better to have another account which is having 1.08 or 0.10 only reality this is much higher because this is what's happening in this case instead of having another account that spends 5k with 14 ROAS or 30 ROAS or 20 ROAS.

It is better if you have this kind of numbers. You will get better contracts, you will get better volume, you will get better scaling to your manufacturer with what you are ordering, you're going to get better logistic deals, you're going to get better investors, you might sell your business even higher, you're going to have better income, you're going to have better profits. Okay, now that we close this parenthesis, let's go to close the video also for the United Kingdom account.

So we were on January 8.13 ROAS over here here and 53k spent 56k. February 6.38, 77k. Again, break over ROAS of 4k.

So we are scaling, scaling, scaling, as long we are not having 4 ROAS. Last month 6.41, 90k. So now we are close to the part that we are going to go above 100k.

And I think it's very easy because we are hitting easily 6.41. This month, let me see if we had also a bad period here. Yeah, not so good I guess.

I guess if we go from 3 to 9 which is the bad period. Yeah, 4.47, 4.74, not 47. The situation here is that I'm feeling a little bit threatened when I see 4 in front because these are the accounts that they have big average order values.

They tend to fluctuate in terms of ROAS. You might see one day 10 ROAS, you might see the other day 3 ROAS. So you cannot just operate on that because it creates gaps from day to day based on the average order values that you're going to have on that day.

So you have to be careful and you have to leave some good space in order for you to be sure that you're not going to have any problems. Now, in this situation if we see this month it has improved a lot with campaigns and all of that 5.47, 68k. Most probably I'm going to be able to hit a little bit more here.

So we have 10 more days. So 3,387 multiplied by 10 plus... how much was it this month...

plus 68,803. Yay! We're going to hit 100k, 102k which means that we're scaling even another 10k.

I believe that this one is going to go higher. Let me see in less 7 days. No, it's not.

Okay, I had some good period that it was getting 6 plus over here. I believe it was that period. Yeah, I was getting 5.94 so I was expecting it to go higher.

Okay, I'm going to work on it I guess on the next days but that's all I had. I hope that these videos are helping you in order to understand. I'm also going to put a print screen on a comment from one person that was asking about the higher spent ad accounts and I told him that I'm going to do it in the next period in one of the podcasts.

So most probably this ad account is going to scale to more than 100k for sure in the next months and maybe it will go to 150k. We will see but we have a gradual scale which also makes sense in terms of the logistics and all that because you know a lot of you that you don't have big businesses you might think that scaling is is an easy thing because Konstantinos is coming and he's scaling but it's not only that there are a lot of issues that they are coming with stock, customer support, taxation, problems that you're going to have with logistics and all of these are piling up. So sometimes credit cards which are not having the limit that you want in order to spend and you need to do a new deal with the credit card and the bank.

There's so many things that they have they are being involved when you're scaling a company which most of the times are being sold with a lot of money and a lot of times when you are having for example 150k spent you need to have another stock which is coming and it's 400k and when you are scaling maybe the stock that you need to order it's going to be 700k. So all of this is creating big gaps from time to time and this is why you see companies sell some shares in order to take a lot of capital and you might say but they are profitable why do they need the money? They need the money to expand.

Without money you cannot expand to logistics to deals that you're going to have for shipping and everything. It's not that you are scaling as much as you want it's you're scaling with a slowly steady pace that the company is also allowing you to scale to. Now I have been to companies that they have investors and they let me scale super fast because they were not having any problems with money with any available money let's say that they would need in order to cover all of my scalings but there are cases that there are actually businesses that they told me you went to 150k please go back to 100k because we cannot maintain the logistics or the customer support or whatever we're not ready yet.

Based on that I'm having a very slow steady scaling with them as long as they can do it sometimes we have some issues with United Kingdom it's this is the truth this is why I'm not able to scale as much as I want but still it's not my business and I have to work with that and of course they're making the best that they can. Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book my free course and my paid course and my website and until you meet again guys be creative and because of it.