Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we are going to analyze all the key metrics that indicate that one of your campaigns or ad sets are going to be successful or profitable. So, in this channel we are focusing a lot in the CBO optimizations and all of these kind of things, but a lot of times because of what is happening right now with the delayed reporting, we are saying that we have to be more flexible in our optimization. Does it worth it though to do it with all the campaigns, with all the ad sets?

Are there any metrics that we need to see at the start in order to understand if it's going to be profitable or not? First of all, whatever we're going to discuss here, it doesn't mean that it applies to all accounts. I'm just going to share a very general view and then you're going to find your own numbers based on your average results that you're getting.

For example, you are having some campaigns that are working well. What is the click-through rate? What is the cost per unique link click?

What are other metrics like one thing that I'm forgetting? Okay, so the thing that I was forgetting, it was the checkouts. So, do we have several checkouts?

Do we have delayed reporting that's going to come later? So, let's analyze a little bit the numbers that I see across accounts. Mostly, I'm talking about accounts that they have items on the comfort zone 20, 30, 40 dollars, 50 dollars.

For example, if you're selling couches, I don't know what the cost per unique link click it has to be in order for you to be happy with it and have good results. This is why I'm mentioning that this is a general metric video, but these are the things that you should watch at the start when you're optimizing with my methods, the CBO, in order to define what you're going to keep. Because for me to say that you have to be more flexible in your optimization and without giving you also another strategy on how to be more flexible, it doesn't make any sense.

First thing that we're going to look is the cost per unique link click. The cost per unique link click, it means how many unique users, not the same people, have clicked in our link. When we see a cost per unique link click, which is below one USD for United States, it's a very good result.

I need to mention that if we see below 60 cents, it's a very good result. Another thing that I want to point out here is that I'm talking for conversion ads. Okay.

I'm not talking about traffic ads. I'm not talking about engagement ads. I'm talking only about conversion ads.

The other thing that I want to mention is that I'm talking about top of funnel. Okay. Because the targeting is the targeting, you might see crazy cost per unique link clicks, but you might have very good cost per purchases and you might have also very good return on ad spend.

So in the top of funnel, cost per unique link click, if you see below one. Sometimes a lot of accounts are working with cost per unique link click below two USD and it's totally fine. But most of the metrics that I have seen that they are very good.

It's below one USD. And I can tell you that also, if you've seen your average results in one campaign that is successful, a cost per unique link click that makes sense. And you can see that in these ads you're having good sales.

Try to see if in your optimization in the new campaign, you can see any of these cost per unique link clicks. And of course, another metric that I want to point out here is that when you are watching this, I don't want you to watch an ad set that spent one or two dollars. If an ad set has spent enough money like $5, $10, $15 and you have this cost per unique link click that you want, then it's a stronger indication that this ad set is going to go well.

Why? Because you're having a conversion campaign, you're getting good quality traffic and you're getting it cheap. Okay.

The other thing that we're going to watch here is the click through rate. The click through rate is the percentage of the people that is actually clicking. So in the click through rate, and by the way, if you don't know how to put this metrics, I have a video that I'm explaining how to put all the metrics in columns.

Okay. So the click through rate, if you are above 2% or 3% or 4% or 5% that I'm seeing in other accounts, that means that you're very good. So the higher, the better.

Click through rate is a very good indication, but you have to watch them closely with the cost per unique link click. If your cost per unique link click is very good, and the click through rate is very good, perfect. If your cost per unique link click is very bad, and the click through rate is good, it doesn't say a lot.

Okay. So it's a combination of these two. And the last thing that you need to see in order to be more flexible with your optimization is the checkouts.

Try to see if you're having a lot of checkouts and try to see what is happening into your actual funnel. If you're having sales and they are just being delayed reporting, you can put always UTM tags that they're going to show you in Shopify the sales and from which ad sets they are coming. And this is why even in the crazy method, maybe it's going to be good to have Broad 1, Broad 2, Broad 3, Broad 4, Broad 5, you know, have a different name so that you can spot which ones of those are having sales.

I'm not saying that you should optimize and not kill these ad sets if they don't report the sales. I'm saying that if you see that, for example, ad set number four has a lot of sales in Shopify and it's not reporting them. If you're in the United States, you have to wait 72 hours in order for you to be able to see the sales.

I have created another video. I created several videos lately. I don't know when it's going to go live, but I'm showing that in one account, I was having 10 sales being lately reported over there and I have closed the ad set.

No, I haven't closed it actually because the things that I'm saying here is the things that I did and I prevented it. So 10 sales were reported later and for five days it wasn't having any sales. So the delayed reporting that came later, it compensated for all of these days.

So these are the key metrics that you have to look if you want to be more flexible with your optimization and understand if you want to keep something or lose or close turn off an ad set. And don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can check my book or you can check my course. And until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.