Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm going to show you one message that proves again the fact that if something is working on Facebook, we do not touch it. So let's go to the message and then we're going to analyze it. Hello Kostantinos and fellow group members, I have a quite interesting question and it's intrigued me for a long time.

Recently we made some changes to our website like checkout and adding some more bundles for our customers to buy while our ads were still active. After that our results dropped. A similar happened when I was looking with one of my clients two and a half years ago and he made changes to his website like changing the whole theme on the website on Shopify.

However, we didn't send traffic during that period but when turned on our campaigns back our results dropped too. I don't know if it's true or not, I don't know, I guess he would say, but I believe it does affect the results. I'd be happy to see the insights of Kostantinos and fellow members on how relevant this thing can be.

Let's go, let's analyze it. So in this channel we have a lot of methods and a lot of rules that we've already done but it's like I think we created one video that we were having the Fight Club that the first rule of the Fight Club is you do not talk about Fight Club. The second rule is you not talk about the first flight.

So the first rule of our philosophy is that if something is working you don't touch it. The second rule is that if something is working you don't touch it. The third rule is that if something is working you don't touch it and then we go on the tenth rule and we start.

Why? A lot of times I see people do this mistake. There is no such thing as I'm going to take something which is working and I'm going to make it better.

99.9% of the cases you're going to make it worse because it's optimized and it's not going to work like this. I'm actually shaking when somebody is telling me that hey we're doing very well, we're having good results and stuff, we're going to rebuild our site to make it better. I'm shaking because I have seen city websites and very bad landing pages working very well and when somebody is changing them they're not working at all.

So you're having an ad account, it's working. Try to keep scaling like this. It's good to test new landing pages or whatever.

Just don't stop the old ones that they're working. Test in the new ones and see if it's going to improve. Let me tell you something that you might not know.

The pixels are not only getting trained in the ideal avatar but they also get trained in the people that they're going to send to specific landing pages not to convert. For example, if I'm a person that for some reason I'm converting to landing pages and this is what my pixel has learned to find people like me, it's going to send people that are more likely to convert also on the landing page. It's not about only the product, the price point and whatever else we might think of but it's also the place that you send someone to.

For example, you have brands that they have one product that's selling like crazy in a specific landing page, they change the whole website and while the pixel is the same, the product is the same, the price is the same and the offer is the same, nothing is working. It's because the pixel has been trained also to send people that they convert for this specific landing page. This is why when you copy your competition, it doesn't mean that necessarily you're going to have sales if you do the same landing pages or the same templates without having the pixel that they are actually using.

So what's the solution over here? Roll back to what you had, okay? Don't try to find a solution to this new thing.

You might like it. I don't disagree. I have seen creatives for example that I loved that it never worked and creatives that I didn't like that they worked and after all of these years, I've learned not to judge.

I don't judge, I test, okay? My job is not to just see and say this landing page is good, this landing page... No, the landing page that is good is the one that it's actually converting.

You have to understand that. So if something is working, we don't touch it and this is a mistake that a lot of times people do even on the same ads. For example, they have ads that are working and they go and they say, this ad is working very well, it's giving me four ROAS for example.

I'm going to change the copy to make it better and go for five ROAS. Wrong! Delusional!

It's not going to happen. It's going to ruin your whole campaign and then maybe if you're going to relance the other one or you're going to try to revert the changes, it's not going to work as before. This is serious guys.

When things are working on Facebook, we don't touch them and when things are working in our funnel and everything that we do, we don't touch it, you can do things you can do an A-B test with other landing pages, you can do another landing page and test it with new ads, you can do all of this kind of stuff. Don't do drastic changes that are just going to cut all of your success and all of your progress. So this was one of the few messages and there are many more or experiences that I had on my own.

Whatever is working guys, don't touch it in the ad set level, on the campaign level, on the ad level and of course on the funnel, on the messaging, on the pricing and stuff. Try to do changes with extra budget on top of that with other landing pages and so on. I hope that this is going to help you.

I'm pretty sure that most of you, you're not going to do it because some people they do have the tendency of thinking that they can improve things but Facebook doesn't work like this and don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.