Hello Facebookat people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk again about advantage shopping campaigns and how you can utilize the existing customer budget cap. First of all, a little bit about theory, then we're going to jump into my PC and we're going to discuss about this interesting idea that I had and it worked in some accounts because in some others it didn't and I have also the reasoning for that because I analyzed it and I thought of it a lot. Let me tell you what was my idea.

Advanced Plus campaigns, advantage shopping campaigns as we call them, why do they work well? If you do the breakdown of results you're going to see that they are actually taking some of your existing customers and the sales from there, they steal it, they take it, they help to get them, it doesn't matter, they do get some of this and then they expand to a broad audience. Do we have any doubt that first advantage plus shopping campaigns are starting from retargeting audience?

Personally, I don't. I think that it starts immediately from that and then it expands to broad called audience and that's the reason that it worked initially and it works really well. If you break down these results you're going to see that you're targeting 20% of the spend goes to retargeting or it doesn't go more than 30-35% even if you don't have this cap.

Initially, a lot of people were actually saying advantage plus shopping campaigns are retargeting, we don't want to retarget. This sparked up the conversation of not running extra retargeting ads when you have advantage plus shopping campaigns only on your ad account which I'm doing also in several other accounts in other accounts that is needed. I'm using retargeting but if I have an ad account which is having items in the comfort zone and I don't need a lot of retargeting, let's say I don't need more than 10% of my budget as retargeting, I'm just not going to do retargeting at all and I'm going to let only the advanced plus campaigns retarget.

My thought process was this, how can I utilize the advanced plus campaigns more in order to do retargeting but with advanced plus? So I thought what if I start testing different caps over here and the one that worked really well for me was the 50% so initially I was targeting 50% by the way by breaking down the results I have seen that it never went to spending 50% of the budget to my existing customers but anyway and I was seeing that I was having much better ROAS in terms of the other retargeting campaigns that I had in the ad account. So now in some other accounts I'm just doing advanced plus campaigns shopping campaigns for cold traffic without any cap and I'm using also one or two campaigns with my best creatives and maybe a catalog with 50% cap to do retargeting and not at all any ABO or manual campaign CBO.

So I'm doing everything with advanced plus campaigns now that we don't have the limit of eight campaigns per country and it's working very well for me. Now it hasn't worked in all of the ad accounts. Do you know in which ad accounts is actually working?

It's working only in the ad accounts that they do have repeated sales. A fashion brand, another store which is having people buying again and again, loyal customers and all of that. In other stores or in other places that we don't have repeated customers or that it's taking a lot of time for people to decide if they're going to buy or not, it didn't work at all.

In smaller ad accounts, not in smaller ad accounts, in ad accounts that they do spend a lot but they have items in comfort zone or they have repeated customers. It's working really well and it's the best draws that you're going to have. Of course, I'm not overdoing it with a lot of spend but we can go to my pc.

I can show you how it's working and then you can test it. From the discussions that we had within the inner circle with people there and telling them that I'm doing this, they have tested it and they told me also that it worked really well in some of their ad accounts. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So let's go and let me show you what I have done. This is another account which is a fashion brand.

They have, as you can see here, the cost per purchase is very low so they have items on the coffers and stuff and as you can see, we're averaging two, two point something on the cold traffic ads but we're getting this kind of results because this is the targeting which expands to broad. I'm going to filter those two over here just so that we can be able to work better with these two. I just wanted to show you the general picture of the ad account.

Now let's come here so that we're not going to have any lagging and stuff. First of all, the CPM I'm seeing over here which is the it's on 11, this is on 4. This is a catalog ad, this one and this is a CPM which is not acceptable for this ad account but this is retargeting.

Just so you know in this ad account we're getting 4, 5, 7, 5. So we do get this kind of lower CPMs in United States. So this this was one thing that I found interesting but good CPM doesn't always mean good results like this one over here that has 3.97 and we're getting 0.83.

It's a new campaign of course we will have to optimize it. Let's go again to filter by selection to work a little bit on those two. So this one is a catalog and if we go inside over here we're going to be able that I'm using this, a 50% existing customer budget cap.

Now let me tell you if you cannot use this option you have to come here, go to your advertisement settings okay and you have to go from here to your audience over here control segments. Now I would be a little bit careful with these settings because I have my theory, maybe I'm paranoid whatever that when you are doing changes like this if you have a lot of campaigns and advanced campaigns it resets the campaigns. So in order for you to be able to use the cap over here you need to use the existing customers.

Of course I'm hiding all of these but just so you know I'm having some different email lists from people who purchased. I'm having also people who purchased on the last 180 days on the website and I'm having a list from Shopify. So this is what I'm putting here, only people that they have actually bought.

Let's go back to our campaigns over here. So this is the catalog one which is doing better and we have the 50%. Now I explained in the theory before why I believe that this is a good way of doing actually a little bit of cold and a little bit of retargeting.

It's having better results from other retargeting campaigns. I was never able to hit 4 rows. Now don't get me wrong but here we're spending 50 and 50 but I'm not spending a lot of money as I said in this specific ad account on retargeting because in this ad account with all of the advanced plus campaigns that we have we are actually doing retargeting so I don't need an extra retargeting or an extra budget to it.

There are other ad accounts that I'm doing only advanced plus campaigns but I'm doing retargeting especially when we talk about higher ticket items that people need more time to decide if they're going to buy or not. For example I'm having a funnel where people are deciding from what we have seen from the lifetime value customer and all of that more than 14 days to decide if they will buy or not because the item average value is on 1k. In these cases we are using retargeting as cold ads because we're doing our normal ads which is also advanced plus.

I don't believe in awareness and all of that unless if you are coca-cola or whatever I don't believe that you should do awareness ads. We're doing our normal advanced plus campaigns ads and I have I am I'm using like 40% of our budget to retargeting because when the people are coming I'm actually able to capture them there instead of losing them after the seven days attribution of my cold traffic ads advanced plus. So over there while I'm doing only advanced plus I'm using a very big percentage of my budget to retargeting here I'm using nothing again and again and again not following a blueprint just go and adjust to each other account and just understand what you're doing instead of doing the same thing again and again in all of the other accounts.

Now the whole theory here was this I'm not doing any retargeting when I'm doing retargeting I'm not getting four rows five rows even while I'm spending 50. So can I do advanced plus and do retargeting at the same time and also a little bit of cold? The answer is yes and these are the results.

In some other accounts like the one that I mentioned earlier it failed miserably because it doesn't have repeated customers over there. You need to have repeated customers and this is another one which I took my best creatives for all of my cold traffic campaigns and I added them here. It's not doing as well as the catalog.

Catalogs are doing really well while they're super buggy they're doing really well and with my best creatives over here I'm having also higher CPM but it doesn't matter because a lot of times when we see some metrics on retargeting we don't really you know consider them like for example CTR. Let's see what is the CTR here. Yeah you see the the CTR is awful and it has three rows for example.

Okay so it doesn't really matter retargeting is retargeting. I consider this retargeting I don't consider it broad but let's do also this one. Let's bring down the results by audience segments over here.

Okay now we have over here existing customers and new customers and in the maximum period we can see that the new audience over here it's not even 50 50 by the way guys okay which is which is the most interesting thing that I have found about this. When I break down the results and I'm using 50% going to existing customers it actually didn't do that okay it actually did only 70 with bad rows also here and here 46 with bad rows to existing customers and the new audience took all of the budget. Now either they are lying and that's that's really strange either they are lying because they want to cover the retargeting that Advantage Plus are doing and on the other Advantage Plus we also have much more retargeting from what we see from the audience segmentation or it starts with some existing customers and then expands to a very broad audience giving you sales.

In terms of frequency, normal frequency of something that we see on a cold traffic ad and nothing special. That's my new strategy with 50% budget cap. Again in some of the accounts that we have repeated sales it worked really well in some others that we don't it didn't work at all it failed miserably.

I think that you should try it and see if it's a good fit for you and if it's a good fit just drop a comment below and tell me your experience with it. I will see you guys for the closing of the video. So that's all I had for you.

Another interesting idea for you to test if it's a good fit for your brand and you're having repeated customers I think that you should test it and you are going to have better results from a normal retargeting campaign. Anyway if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website, my mentorship programs, the testimonials below my mentorship programs from all the people that they have finished the program and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.