Hello guys! I have a very quick update video for a new error that we have on Facebook. Facebook is not doing so well.

In the past three or four days I can see several errors. Images are not loading. It's very slow.

I don't know, maybe everyone is on vacation. So over here we can see that we have some active campaigns and if I'm coming here and I'm going to duplicate just to refresh, I'm going to duplicate and you will see over here that everything looks fine. But as soon as I go and publish, let's give it some time, you see I'm having an error and when I'm pressing to see the error it's this.

Basically this is Greek but I'm going to translate. It says that it's not, you cannot advertise, oh it says it below in English, sorry. You can't create ads for this page because it's restricted from advertising.

So I'm saying to myself, oh my god my Facebook page got banned and then I'm looking on the account quality and I have zero rejected ads and the page is not rejected, it is having zero issues. I'm seeing on the business settings nothing. So what I was thinking is that maybe there is a linked page which is having this issue with our ad account but this is not the case and then one of my other friends also had this problem in another account.

So I believe that it's a bug that Facebook is going to fix although there is a very small fix until they do it. So what I have done is that I went here and you can go to some of your previous campaigns and just turn them on and if you're doing several duplications like the way that I teach you can turn them on and you can let them start running all over again if you don't want to stop advertising because you cannot actually duplicate the ads. And I can tell you that it's working flawlessly because I have done it.

So that's my small fix. Just open something from the previous time and let it spend and optimize all over again. I hope that it's going to help you spend in this period if you have this bug and we will talk in a future video.