Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about how to optimize your ads even if it's a CBO campaign or Advantage Plus campaign in 2023. So this video is going to be mostly on my PC. I would like to tell you two things.

The Advantage Plus is much easier for you to optimize. We have discussed a lot about it and I will show you examples of how you optimize them. But another thing that I want to say is that CBO optimization is difficult, it's taking time, it needs experience, not only to understand how many assets you should put in a CBO, what kind of budgets you should have in a CBO, but also when to close, how to close and all of that.

I will try to give examples. I hope that it's going to help you. Let's go into my PC.

Okay, so first we're going to start with Advantage Plus. I feel like I can do a 3, 5, 6, 10 hours video about that, but this is why I have the course about it. Sadly, the CBO optimization is going to take you a lot of times to master, but I will try from time to time to predict more and more examples to explain it.

How do I know that it's going to take you so much time? Because I have trained people to it and it's taking them 5, 6, 7 months to understand me completely on how to do optimization with CBO. The problem is that a lot of people don't know how to do optimization, so they end up doing one campaign.

They don't understand. They do the crazy method, they have some initial results, but after that point they cannot keep up. So a lot of times they come and they tell me, hey, I had some very good results with a crazy method and everything worked very well, but then I'm trying to scale and everything collapses.

It's because you don't know how to optimize a CBO campaign. Let's start first with Advantage Plus because Advantage Plus is a new tool. Let's go into this account.

Let's go into last 7 days and let's go into one Advantage Plus. I believe I'm having a new one here, which started recently. Most important thing in Advantage Plus is this.

Note number one. In Advantage Plus we are focusing in just one ad because this is what it's doing. As you can see here, there's always going to be a leader ad.

We don't have the same thing in the CBO optimization. In Advantage Plus, because Advantage Plus is a method that is working actually with a consolidation method, it's going to try to take all the spend in just one ad. So what is our job here?

Our job here is to come on the first 2, 3, 4 days and define if the selection that it has done it's correct. In this case, I've closed this one. It didn't have a correct approach in what it should do.

And you might say that yes, in bigger spends you have bigger fails, okay, but you need to be able to compensate that with your effort with your other ads. This is why I believe that when you scale, you need to have several campaigns and not just focusing on one. Because as you can understand, our break in my ROAS here is 4.

Still, this campaign is under optimization. Our general ROAS over here on the last 7 days is 6.3. So I'm doing very well, but I need to be able to optimize this campaign.

A lot of times a mistake that people will do, first of all, they would be afraid of running an Advantage Plus campaign with 1,600, which is totally fine because they don't have the experience. The other thing that it would be problematic here is that they would close the campaign. They wouldn't optimize it.

So for you, closing the campaign without, and I'm going to create just a video just about that, for you to doing a campaign, spending 4,388 here without supporting your decision and optimizing it, it's not going to get you anywhere. Let me tell you why. Because I don't remember when this one started.

This one started on the 13th, okay. So on the 13th, it had 0.68. Then it had 7 ROAS on the next day.

Most probably, most of the people would have panicked, okay. And now 2.86, okay. And I don't know what it's doing today.

2.45, but it's too early today for the United States. I think it's going to have much better results. But this one is going to increase.

How do I know it? From experience, guys. I know from experience.

You need to support your decisions when you make them. Not to be delusional and just spend money into campaigns. Anyway, it's a very fine, delicate line between failing and not failing in optimization and being able to understand when to optimize.

But when you want to scale accounts, you need to be able to do that. And the optimization of Advantage Plus campaigns is completely different for CBO because of the fact that it's doing mistakes. It's doing mistakes in the one ad set that is, in the one ad that is going to focus to.

So what did we have here? Here we had one ad that it was taking all of the budget. I had to come and close it.

This is like when you have a plant and you let it grow. If you don't want to let it grow more in height, you just cut the head and it's expanding on the right side. So what did it do?

It's expanding to this and then this and then this. So I'm coming here and I'm closing the ones that they don't make any sense. Why, Costantinos, didn't you close this one?

Let me tell you why. Over here we can see that, for example, I closed this one, 0.54 and then it was 0.12 and 0.11. First of all, I don't consider this spend high enough for the brand.

Okay. I consider this a lot. Second thing that I'm noticing here is that over here, for example, we are having some results that they're not fine.

So we're going to optimize this campaign together now. Let's see it. So this one was a leading ad.

We closed it. So what is going to happen is that this advantage plus is going to try to get another leading ad and we want to avoid for it to being a bad one. We are very happy that the second one that it was picked, most of the times advantage plus is focusing on one and a little bit more spent in number two and number three.

There are rare cases that it's going to spend the same in three. Most of the time it's spending most of the money in one and just has some spending on another two and just ignores the others as you can see. So over here, the second one, after closing this one, it's focusing on this one, which we can see that we have good results.

This is very good. Also, this is why you should have several ads, at least 10 in your advanced plus campaign so that you can have options. And then what we can see here is that we're having this and this and this.

Okay. So here what we see is that we have three checkouts and three purchases. I don't like this result at all.

I don't really like it. I think it has spent a lot and here we are having only one purchase and then we are having four and four, but in this case 1.25, but not a lot of spend. What I would do is that I would close this too.

Now, what are we doing with that? We are liberating budget either to go on this one, which is doing pretty well, or to go to the other ones that they haven't been spending enough. Okay.

This is what you do. You just wait for another day and another day and another day. And of course, you need to overcome your fear of doing that again and again and be able to actually understand the ad account deeply because I know that I can optimize this Advantage Plus campaign based on the initial results and the ROAS that I'm getting.

So I'm just going to close these two because they don't have good results. Another thing that I'm also seeing is that if something is starting with a very low ROAS in the first two sales, especially in other accounts like this, that they have big fluctuation between their numbers and the average return on ad spend, what I'm seeing is that in order for me to get, then a big sale is not just going to come over there because it's optimizing to people that are not spending a lot of money. But when an ad is starting with a high ROAS, then it continues with high ROAS because apparently it's optimizing for people that they are spending a lot of money and we have higher average order value here.

Now that we have done this one, let's go to do another Advantage Plus that I'm doing in this account. In this account we're in United Kingdom. So basically we have an Advantage Plus over here, which also started here and let's see what happened here.

So here we're having a different situation. Our leading ad initially was doing very well and the spend is being focused on this one. This is £1,200 in United Kingdom.

So let's discuss a little bit about it. So we can see 23.7. This is a very good potential because we can see that all the other ads over here are on the ratio of 1 to 2.

One purchase every two checkouts. Here we have a bigger ratio. We have 1 to 3, which means that we have a lot of delayed reporting and it makes sense.

This is something that you should also check. You should not check only the purchases, but you should check if you are having sales that are coming later. So you need to check your checkout because of delayed reporting and you need to give it a fair time of 1 to 2 days in order to actually convert.

So the ROAS over here is 3.06. Again, we are above our breakeven ROAS by a lot. So we are optimizing this campaign and we are not abandoning it.

This is below our breakeven even, but in general we are getting good results and we are also scaling and we are also going to optimize it and it's going to have better results. Now, what else should we see here? Okay, so 1.92, not good results.

Do we expect sales? Yes, it's 16, 16 on the both of them. Okay, here, why did we close this one?

Because it had three checkouts, three purchases and even with 2.32 ROAS, you see that they closed it. Why? Because I'm not expecting any other sales.

It was just having this. Then we go to 0.29, 0.15. What we can see here is 6.65.

So here I'm taking a wild guess and I'm going to close this one. Because we are in United Kingdom and the time that I'm doing this I want to see. No, I'm not going to close it.

So another thing, when you're optimizing your CBO campaigns based on that, the most important thing is to optimize it at 6am. For me, this is the best hour of the day to optimize your ads. It's difficult for me because I'm optimizing accounts for Australia and stuff and I have specific hours that I go and optimize accounts on 6am.

For United States it's perfect because in Greece, if you work with accounts in the United States, in Greece I wake up at one o'clock, it's six o'clock. I'm optimizing. But then you have Australia that you need to optimize during the night and stuff.

Anyway, my whole schedule is around the optimization of the ads because I believe that it's very important. What kind of mistake we could have done here? Basically, the mistake is that we could see that 6.5 doesn't have potential of any other sales coming later.

The cost per purchase is actually good, but we also believe in the average order value and this one is not bringing average order value. And then we could have closed it if we was just the last seven days. But now, because it's United Kingdom, there it's almost three o'clock in the evening.

If we see today, we can see that it's having results. So yes, we can say that okay, it got also a very big sale, we can keep it. And then let's continue with the optimization on the rest.

And we can see here that this one has 10.4, which means that it has potential. What about this one? 6.6.

6.6, 7 ROAS, very good results, very good cost per acquisition and everything. And then we close this one that's spent without results and these are having very small spend. So this is how you optimize an advantage plus campaign.

Even with higher budget, the same happens with smaller budgets and so on. I will see you in a little bit that we're going to optimize CBO campaigns this time. We're going to go to bigger accounts.

Not so impressive in terms of ROAS, but these are digital products that they have one break-even ROAS and you can spend half a million. I'm actually not sharing this account a lot of times because a lot of times people, they don't appreciate 1.5 ROAS, maybe with half a million spent. But today I think it's the time to see how you optimize big CBO campaigns over there because they need to optimize there.

And I will see you soon there to show you the CBO optimization of crazy methods, that lookalikes and everything. How do we optimize CBO campaigns? How do we keep balances?

And all of that. We will discuss it soon. So just a quick context over here.

A lot of times people that they do YouTube channels like me, we like to show ad accounts, but in order for us to be heard to a lot of people, we need to show ad accounts that they have some decent ROAS. But the good accounts on Facebook are the ones that they have break-even ROAS of 1, 1.5 and you can scale them to half a million spending. If the owner of this ad account that I'm going to show you now, it's going to see the ad account that I showed you before with 6-7 ROAS, he's not understanding that this other ad account is having expensive items, big average or value in the interior design space.

And he would say that these people are idiots. They are not scaling. They're living money on the table.

It's better to spend half a million with 1.5 ROAS instead of spending 100K with 5 ROAS. This is how some people are thinking when we talk about big e-commerce stores. And they are huge, the huge e-commerce stores that you know and you see that they're doing millions, they don't have 5 or 6 or 7 ROAS.

Just so you know. And another thing that I was thinking, right now I reached to the point on my YouTube channel that I'm not afraid. Okay.

So I want to show also accounts that they're big and they have big spends. And there's no point for me to actually show you only the accounts that they have some decent ROAS. I wanted my channel to have different content.

And the different content is the reality that there are ad accounts like this one that from the 1st of August up to the 31st of January, I can put also the last month but it's going to take some time. I spent 2.2 million. If we go for the last year maybe.

Do we have an option for last year? Let's go for maximum. I don't know if it's going to load it because it has many campaigns.

Let's see how much this account has spent on the maximum. I started working on this account on 2020, I believe. And guess what?

This guy is paying me every month, let's say, a lot of money. He wouldn't pay me if it wasn't profitable. I don't know if it's going to load.

Yeah, it has too many data. Let's go maybe... Let's try to go for the previous year.

Let's try to go from January, let's say, to January. Let's try to see if we can load that. So, just the previous year and this January, this account spent almost 4.5 million.

Okay? So, you can understand that if someone is spending 4.5 million, it's profitable guys. It's not like he's losing money.

He's not an idiot. And there are a lot of other accounts that you can scale and the discussions that we can have about these other accounts that they're scaling a lot with actually being able to have very low return on ads spend because this is their models and they can operate with that because they have huge profitability. It's insane.

So, let's go on this account and let's watch what is happening this month. Also, this is going to help you understand why people like me that we manage several accounts and everything, we say, I spend more than 100 million. This is just one of my accounts that I'm managing.

I have several like this one in just one year. So, imagine all of these years that I'm doing it. Yes, I have spent more than 100 million and to be honest with you, I'm just saying 100 million plus because I'm I'm bored of measuring anymore how much I have spent.

So, I'm just saying 100 million plus just so that we can stop measuring about that. It started with 20, 30. Okay, at the start, it was funny for me to measure it, but now it's not anymore.

So, let's say 100 million plus, but maybe it's many more. It doesn't matter. So, let's watch this month for example.

This month we're having 1.25. This account, as I said, it operates with one ROAS as break-even. So, even if I go to 1.05, I'm going to spend as much as we can with this number.

And of course, we have some campaigns that are doing better, some campaigns that are doing worse. We are in the process of optimizing. We're giving more budget to the ones above.

But here we are having actually some stacked lookalikes, crazy method. The one that I was mentioning, I'm going to do also a video about stacked lookalikes and how to use them. And as you can understand here, you cannot spend...

How much did we spend yesterday? So, yesterday in this account we spent 20k, 1.48. It's actually going very well.

This week, in the last seven days, how much do we have? Sorry guys, it's a huge account. It has a lot of ads.

It's taking forever to load. So, 1.31 in the last seven days, 105k spent and I'm scaling gradually. So, yesterday alone I did 1.48 ROAS, 20k spent and now today I'm scaling even more.

The previous day on Tuesday I did, let's say, let's see, 16.4k, 1.24. So, I'm scaling every day and I'm also improving results because I'm doing optimization. Now, the optimization that we are doing always on CBO campaigns, it's always based on the last seven days.

So, let's start the optimization of a CBO campaign over here. Don't forget that we always optimize our CBO campaigns based on the last seven days. So, let's go on this one which is a stacked lookalike campaign.

What we're going to do first is we're going to check if we have any big spender without any good results. Okay, so we're fine over here, nothing big. Then we're going to sort it out by ROAS.

So, I'm going to optimize this campaign for the sake of the discussion. This campaign is actually a very good campaign. There's nothing to optimize here, in my opinion, except from closing maybe this one, which has a big spend.

So, I'm going to take you from easy ones to difficult ones. Now, should we come here and close this one, for example, which is... No, because we care about the average.

Don't forget the average is very important. You need to watch what is happening on the average or it's going to be problematic for you. So, in a campaign like this, it's doing very well.

What you're doing is just you're managing and you're closing ad sets that they are going to have some spend without any results. But if in your results, in the average, you're getting good results, even if this one was 0.7, you should not touch it. This is one of the biggest mistakes that people do in CBO optimization.

Then go and touch ad sets that they have bad ROAS, but they don't understand that these ad sets are actually the volume and they are the other ad sets that they are bringing the quality. So, in the average, you are winning and what they are doing is they are closing always this kind of ad sets without changing the budget. They liberate budget to the other ad sets based on the CBO optimization, which has a central budget for the whole campaign and then they ruin all of the results.

So, this is a pretty easy optimization, but let's say that we want to optimize one of our bad ones because, as you can see, I'm increasing the ROAS every day because I'm optimizing. So, let's go in one. Let's go in this one, for example, which is the worst one with 0.78.

This is why I haven't scaled it also. So, let's see what is happening over here. Let's see if it's optimizable.

First of all, what did we say? We go to the spend. We see 0.83, 0.96.

0.19 is a very bad one. So, we're going to close it. Okay.

Look how we're optimizing. We go here and we close these two that they don't have a sale. The more bad results we have in a CBO, the more aggressive we are.

Also, we're not touching our CBO campaigns for two days. If we see that the cost per unique click that we are having here, it's acceptable for this company. It is acceptable and you can see that it has crazy CTR also.

If we see that this is acceptable, then we are not going to close it. We're going to support it for two days. If we see zero sales, of course, we will have to close it, I guess.

Okay. Especially in such a big scale. But maybe something is wrong in that case.

But this is never happening. Okay. So, the more we see bad results like 0.78, which is below our target, the more we can be aggressive.

27 is not a big spend comparing to what we are having here on the others. Okay. So, we have sales with 59, 68.

Okay. So, this is what we have. So, 28 is not a lot.

Always, in order for us to optimize CBO campaign, we need to watch the average cost per purchase that we are getting in the whole account. Okay. And not to just think from another account or what other people think about what ideal cost per purchase is.

Every account is completely different. Then, we're going to sort it out based on the return on investment. Okay.

Remember, we have to be aggressive. Okay. So, what we are going to do is this.

What if we had only these ones, that they have a sale. Okay. If we come here and we filter them by selection, what kind of ROAS we would have?

0.99. It's our break-even ROAS. Okay.

And also, in order for it to stay like this, we would spend 434 out of the 500 that is our budget over here and we would have this kind of results. Perfect. Now, what we are going to do because of that is that we say, okay, some days passed by.

This is a bad asset over here. Let's come here and let's close all of the ones that they don't have a sale so that we can focus only on the ones that they have a sale. Okay.

Remember, whatever I'm showing you here is just one of the 1 million different cases. Okay. I'm just trying to show you actual accounts so that you can get the idea.

Okay. So, let's refresh it so that we can work. So, we have all of them closed.

Now, we are going to work with the ones that are remaining and we are going to have this filter by selection. By the way, this is a crazy method, broad targeting. Okay.

So, we have this. Now, let's say that, okay, I don't like 0.99. How can I improve it more?

Okay. We come here and let's say, what if we close this one also? What kind of results we would have if this one was staying?

1.02. Okay. We are now above our break-even but this means that we will also have to lower our spend to 420 because if we want to maintain the 1.04 that this asset have, we should not give them more budget because maybe they are going to spend even more and they are going to lose optimization and we are going to have bad results.

So, let's say that we want to improve it a little bit more. Okay. If we filter by selection here, we can see that, okay, now it goes to 1.55 but what is our spend now?

Our spend now it has to drop to 100. So, another thing that you need to check here, especially in ad accounts that you are scaling, is that you also need the volume. You can see that this ad set here is the one that has most of the volume over here so we need it and we are going to just close this one.

We are going to filter by selection. We are going to see yesterday 4.20. This is our budget now.

It's 4.20. Okay. Now, you have two decisions here.

Either you will say, okay, this campaign is ruined because the ad set that is taking most of the spend, it's actually having 0.83 so it's never going to go above 1 ROAS. Correct decision. You can close your whole campaign.

Second thing, you can say that, look, if I leave all of them, I care about the actual average that I'm getting which is 1 which is close to break even and maybe it's going to improve. Correct decision. Another thing that you can say which is total gamble but sometimes it's working, you say that, hey, I'm closing my leading ad over here.

All the budget is going to be distributed on the others that they have data and sales. Maybe they are going to get better sales. Correct decision.

It's more risky but it's also a correct decision. Now, let's go and optimize another one that it's actually doing bad. Okay.

So, this is the... Let's go and optimize this one. Okay.

So, on this one, first of all, we see the spend as we said. 0.96 on our leading ad. This is not bad.

This can actually be good but we can see that there are no other ads that they are above 1. Okay. For me, this is a very easy solution which means that I don't want to optimize this campaign.

I don't see any potential. Why? Because in this campaign over here, the other one that we were watching, we could see that the situation was actually different.

We could have some that they were actually above even with small spends. Okay. But we could see some that they were actually above.

Okay. 1.33, 1.10, 4.6. So, there was some potential of here going above 1 if we kept some.

Here, what am I going to do is that I think that this campaign has failed so I'm going to close it. Second solution that you can do is that you're going to actually convert this one to a simple method. You're going to close all of them.

Turn off. Publish. And you are going...

Oh my god, that's a mistake. Anyway, we're going to open it. It's fine.

Let me see if I can manage to... Yeah. Okay.

Let's wait for it to publish. Okay. So, the decision that we are taking here is that we say, hey, 0.96, if I'm going to give you all the budget, are you going to improve?

And maybe another thing that we can do is we come here and we say, okay, we drop a little bit the budget so that you can go above 1. Okay. Let's go and optimize another one together.

So, let's go in this one. Okay. 0.83 in total.

Let's see if we have any potential. First of all, the spend. The spend on the top pad over here, which is having 0.76 is bad.

I don't see very good potential in actually optimizing this one. But let's try. Let's take it with ROAS.

Let's see what would happen if we keep all of the ones that we see here. It's on 0.85. If we don't pick these two...

So, it's 1.23 and if we watch yesterday, it's only 100 spend with so many assets. It doesn't make any sense. I think that I don't like this campaign.

So, I'm going to actually close it. Yeah. I'm going to close it later.

It's fine. So, this one. 0.89.

Let's see how we can optimize this one. Okay. So, this one we can see that this is an optimizable campaign.

How do I know it? Because I don't have one asset that has a crazy budget so that I'm going to be afraid of it. I don't like this one, but I have others that they are spending equally over here, which means that I can optimize this campaign.

This campaign, guys, can be optimized very well. I can see it immediately. Okay.

And then we go to 45... 45 and 35. Let's close those and let's see.

By the way, we're going to close all the ones that they don't have a sale. It doesn't matter at this point. So, let's filter them like this.

Okay. And let's close all the ones that they don't have a sale so that we can optimize. Remember, this is happening after some days of spending.

Okay. Initially, you can come here, you can close one or two. I'm going to show you in a little bit how to do it in smaller campaigns, but these are big campaigns in order to understand the whole idea of how we optimize these campaigns.

And how you can improve them. Okay. Because most of the times people, they just do one campaign and they just don't try to improve it after that or they do stupid things to improve it.

The CP optimization is far deeper and this is why we use several assets. So, whoever is talking about consolidation, they just don't know how to do optimization in big level with several campaigns. So, if we come here and we filter by selection again, we can see that the ROAS is 1.46.

That's perfect. What about the spend? So, the spend is on 300 to 0.88.

So, we come, we take this one to 300. As you can see, I was right. So, the results that we were getting on the last seven days with this one is 0.89.

Now, by decreasing to 300 and keeping the assets that they're producing this kind of results with 300 budget, it's going to help us to go above one ROAS for this one for sure. After we go above one ROAS, we can start scaling over there also. Then, let's go also on this campaign, for example.

I'm trying to optimize with you some difficult ones so that you can see how it goes. Here, our leading ad, we have another situation that our leading ad is on 1.12 which is very good because it's above our average and that means that we can optimize this campaign. So, what we're going to do is we're going to take this one.

We're going to take this one and we're going to turn it off. And again, now we're going to care only about the average from now on. Okay.

So, if we filter by selection those and we check them, it's just 0.95. So, this one for sure, it's a campaign that we need to actually improve. Now, the two second bigger spenders over here are on 0.6 and 0.51.

That means that when we're going to close them, it's going to decrease a lot of our spend. But, it's okay. This is a decision that we have to take and if we filter by selection all the remaining, then we go to 1.36 and the spend on this one is going to be on 180.

So, this is what we're going to do. We're taking the decision to here to drop it down to 180 by just closing these two. Okay.

Now, it's very important to understand that doing this to all of these campaigns, it's going to improve the general health of the account. This is what I was doing and I went from 1.3 to 1.4, 1.5 and as you can understand in big budgets like this, like spending 20, 30k while scaling, doing optimization also, it's going to help you improve a lot. Okay.

So, I'm tempted to flex with how much money this guy is paying me for all of that so that you can understand how much money you can make even with 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 ROAS. But, I'm not going to do it because I don't like to flex this kind of stuff. We set here 180.

Now, let's go to optimize one medium campaign over here for example just so that you can see how we optimize one that it doesn't need such drastic measures, you know, you don't have to cut so many ads and stuff just a small amount of them. So, when we come here we see this. Okay.

So, here the only thing that we're going to do is these two. Okay. So, just close these two that they don't have any sale.

Oh, there are more below. Okay. Okay.

So, break even ROAS is again 1.1.37 over here. What are we going to do here? Well, yes, nothing because the results are very good.

The only thing that we're going to do is we're going to come close this one. We're just starting decreasing the amount of assets that we have here so that we can liberate some budget because the rest of the budget goes to these small ones and we're going to close these two. Now, we have closed several assets.

We liberated a little bit the budget to go on others but in general here we're very healthy. Okay. So, let's go in another one to optimize.

Let's go in a smaller one. Let's go for example in this one. Okay.

So, in this one we are having, let's see the spend. Our leading ad is on 1.20. We have one with 60 that we have to close immediately.

Spend without any sale and one on 43. But let's see now the results. So, we are on 1.19.

Okay. What are we going to do again? If we leave only these ads...

And I'm glad that we came here because I can see that we can have one example here that I really like. So, if we are left only with these adsets, what kind of frost do we have? 1.31.

And I want to explain something over here. So, let me close this. Let me do this.

Turn off. Publish. And now we're going to be left only with those.

Now, one of the biggest mistakes that I see students or people that I teach to do is this. They come here and they are going to keep 0.85, 0.7. Okay.

They understand this concept that we are close and we're not, this is our volume. But they would love to close the 0.38, 0.44. Well, your campaign is working.

There's no need for you to touch it. There's no need for you to do drastic changes to it. So, be careful with this kind of changes because over here, and it doesn't matter so much over here because the spends are very small.

You can even close them if you want. But you need to watch all the spends. If this one, for example, was on 0.44, on average, you were getting 1.31 and the spend was going to be $800, for example, over here, you could understand that you were having one ad set that it was going to be volume.

So, it's bringing you volume even with bad draws. And there is other ad set that is bringing you sales and quality. So, you're not disturbing the balance.

You need to keep a balance. So, with this amount of money that it's spending every day, it's getting this amount of results. Now, you might tell to me, but we closed all the other assets that they were having some spend.

Is this budget going to be spread among the other assets that we left? The answer is yes. But we have so many active, we have 17 active, that they can easily absorb.

We should be worried when we are closing several assets and the budget that is going to be distributed in others, when we don't have a lot of options. In the previous ones, that we were limiting the budget, we wanted also to increase the ROAS. But here, our ROAS is already good.

So, we don't care about that. Anyway, guys, I feel like I'm showing you how to do it properly. These are just some examples.

Sadly, guys, I cannot make this video one hour or three hours long. Maybe it's already too big. I can talk for hours about optimization.

I can show you more and more and more about it. But you can understand that there's no way for me to cover everything in just a video about optimization. I have my course, which you can go and you can check about optimization.

You can learn more about it there. I will try to post more videos about CBO optimization and how to do it. I think that you get an idea from this video, from the previous video that I have with the crazy method and showing optimization also there.

You are learning more and more about it. And then you need to understand how to optimize on your own. One last thing before you go.

And we go for the closing of the video. I'm pulling my calculator out here just so that we can discuss a little bit about the budget. The budget that you're going to put, it really depends on the amount that...

And I'm talking about normal campaigns like 100, 200, 300. Okay. So, the budget that you're going to put, it really depends on the cost per purchase that you're getting into your other results.

Let's say, for example, that we want to do a campaign with $1,000 and our cost per purchase, the average over here that I can see is around 50. Okay. So, let's say we have 50.

So, we have 1000 divided by 50, which is 20. Okay. And then we multiply this by 2.

This is a very safe equation. Okay. So, you take the budget that you have for the CBO, you divide it with the average cost per purchase so that you can see how many ads you should put.

And because you want to improve that, you multiply this by 2. Let me tell you that the thing that you should check is that in the first 24, 48 hours, you will go. And if you see that you are spending too much across the ad sets and the ad sets immediately, they spend 50, 100 in that case, all of them, that means that you put a small amount of ad sets.

But if you go and you see that each ad set spent 5, 6, 7 in each ad set, then it means that you're spending in a very slow rate. That being said, you need to have this general equation that you can use. But after some point, you need to go by what you are feeling for the account and putting less or more ad sets.

I have completely different structures based on what works on different ad accounts and based how I see them optimizing, how fast they optimize. If I need to do many changes in every day, then I feel like I should put more ad sets inside so that it can optimize slower and I have more options and more more ad sets to actually close when I need it. Last thing, budgets are daily and budgets are resetting daily.

So you need to make a question here. What am I asking from Facebook in a daily level and not just put a crazy amount of ad sets or a very small amount of ad sets so that you're not going to have a proper optimization. This ratio that you have seen here and the way that I'm optimizing is because I know that I'm putting, I'm starting this campaign with 525 ad sets or with 1025 ad sets.

I have seen it working. So you need to experiment. You need to put different budgets, different ad sets over there and start running the crazy method and start learning it more.

Sadly, CBO optimization is crazy, but I hope that I will have more in the future. So that's all I had for you. I hope you liked the video.

I'm trying always to show live accounts and don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my free course and more optimization. Of course, it's on my paid course. And don't forget that you can check all of that into my site.

Until we meet again, guys, be creative, be consistent. Actually, we need a second já. Take care!

chiarits CBO