Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about bestsellers and how they are going to influence the sales in your Facebook Ads. So when we are talking about established businesses or startups, the most important thing, the most important things are two things. First of all, to have proof of concept, when you are starting a business you need to know if your landing page is working, if your product is good by the reviews that you're getting from the people, if you're having one item that is selling a lot.

So in this video today we're going to focus on the bestseller because when you are going to see all of the e-commerce stores that they are having several products, most of the sales are coming from a bestseller and when you're starting a new business it's all about finding this bestseller that you're going to have which is going to help you train your pixel and then you go to other bestsellers and to other products and so on and so on. But for you the ultimate goal should be this, it's not like these are my products and that's it. At the start you need to be super flexible, you need to put products, products, products, products in order for you to be able to produce enough products and in order for you to be able to find at last your bestseller.

Now if you're lucky and you find it immediately, good for you. You're going to have good ads and you're going to have sales because at the start your pixel is not super super sophisticated or having any data it's going to be very difficult but if you have a product which is actually helping with the sales this is going to help you a lot in order to train your pixel. And this is the whole game.

When you're a startup the problem here is not the ads that you're going to do. It's not the creatives that you're going to use. The creatives also influence it but it's not so much.

The most important thing is to have a bestseller because if you have a bestseller even if your landing page is not working so well, even if your creatives are not so good, you're going to have sales and sales are very important especially in new pixels in order to get some initial data to get going. A lot of times we see new ad accounts that when you're having one campaign out of luck working, it's working for two three weeks then it's not working and then you're relaunching, relaunching, trying again other stuff and you cannot replicate the success. It's because the pixel is not sophisticated but if your product is a bestseller that means that you're going to keep it for a long period.

How are you going to understand if it's a bestseller? You're going to have sales all the time on this product. People are going to even click on other products and they're going to buy this product into your store.

You will understand it eventually, don't worry about that. But I just wanted to mention in this video this, that the most important thing as a startup is to find your bestseller and stop thinking about other things like, I will hire Costantinos to do my Facebook ads and stuff, I will do this or that. You need to hire Costantinos when you find your bestseller so that he's going to help you scale.

Okay, the most difficult part in a business is the proof of concept and finding a bestseller in order to kickstart your business. So, very short video. A lot of these things for some people might be gold, for some people might be rubbish.

I will still keep publishing these kind of things because I think that even if it helps some people that they are starting right now, it's good. Some other people that they have started already and they found on their own that the bestseller product is the most important thing. It's cool guys, good for you.

At least some people will have this information prior and they will not go through the struggle that you went through. Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads and which is going to help you to test more and find actually your bestseller, you can check my book and you can check my free course. And don't forget that guys that until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.