Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about a new ad account with a new pixel and I'm going to show you one or two other accounts that I have started with new pixels in 2024 and how you can actually make them profitable. Actually I don't have much theory about them, we're going to go straight to my pc, we're going to discuss everything there for the different cases and we're going to see how the ads actually are working there and I hope that it's going to help all of you that you're starting right now because this has been two cases actually that the pixel had zero data and now it starts having some good results after all of the things that they were done in the other account. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have, you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

So before we even go to the ad account that I would like to show you which is actually profitable now after two and a half months, I would like to show you something here in this ad account which is more obvious. A lot of times there is this debate that comes from Meta or other people that they talk about that in even new ad accounts you have to do just pro targeting and that's it. Well, if it's working it's fine, if it's not working you should take action.

Here for example I started with an advanced plus campaign, it was having 32 pounds. Okay, this is on United Kingdom and then and this is also a crazy method campaign with broad targeting again and I have seen that my CPMs are very high. So after that I started using more and more interests.

Okay and I could see that I have, I had half of the cost. Okay, 13, 10, 15, 13 over here and not only that, here I had zero sales, here I started having some sales. Not profitably but I was having sales, it's very important.

I was training my pixel, I was getting data instead of me trying to just push my way through the broad targeting. Some people do the mistake and listening to someone without filtering what they say. For example, if someone is from, let's say from Greece which I live and they tell you that you should do broad targeting it makes more sense because this is a small country with a potential reach of 12 million.

In United States if you do broad targeting or in Canada or United Kingdom with a new pixel, most probably your pixel is not ready for that because over here using a 10 million audience most probably it's going to work better in an attained pixel comparing to doing a broad targeting in Greece which is 12 million in the full potential reach and most of the times it's not also that because maybe they are going to target only women or men so maybe it's going to be 5-6 million. This is ideal and you can do broad targeting since day one. Again, if it's not working also just try other things.

It doesn't mean that you just have to only try broad targeting. So that's my first debate for the new ad accounts and the new pixels. Just because someone says that this is working, it doesn't mean that you should be disappointed and you should not try other things.

Okay, so broad targeting, yes it's working. Yes, it's easier to work on smaller countries, for example in Australia. Maybe it's going to work immediately with an advanced plus campaign but in United States it's much more difficult.

I rarely see other accounts start with broad targeting and working immediately. Okay, so we need to train our pixels so we find the most efficient way and even if that over here was 32 pounds and was giving me sales, I don't care. I care about sales.

I don't care about the CPMs initially but I'm just trying to show you why this one is working because it's actually we're paying half for the cost of traffic and sales. And then after some point you can see that I'm having some campaigns that are also a little bit better and all of that. In the last seven days actually I'm having some campaigns which are passing the one rows and stuff so still I'm in the process of trying to fix this one but still I have tried also lookalikes here as you can see.

Let's see. So lookalikes here, I have tried them. They didn't do as well as interests.

They had the same CPM but they didn't do as well so I'm just testing things from time to time and I'm trying to see what is working and what doesn't. So this is the first important thing. Okay, try to see initially what is going to work with your pixel, with the creatives and all of that and let's go to the second step now which is very important.

Analyze your whole funnel. Okay, so what do we see here? If we see here we have some decent cost per click, it's not like two or three or seven dollars.

Some decent CTR I would prefer if it was better but okay. If you see for example a CTR of 0.1, 0.2 there is a problem. If you see a cost per click here of three, four dollars then you have a problem on your creatives.

Very important here. Checkouts. Check here.

What am I getting? I'm getting every two checkouts I'm getting one sale. Every three I'm getting a sale.

Okay and then cost per purchase. Okay, my cost per purchase is very high I guess for my average value. This is why I'm getting these ROAS.

Where can I improve? In the pixel by getting better results and this ad account is improving more and more. Secondly, my CPM is normal comparing to other accounts and please don't start sending me messages asking me what is a normal CPM in Canada.

There are no certain answers about that. Okay, yeah I cannot just tell you 20 or 30 guys it's important. Just don't do it.

I'm having a sense here based on watching the data that it's a normal CPM. At least it's better from broad targeting. I'm getting some normal checkouts.

Yeah, a normal check out between every two or three checkouts to get a sale. Totally normal. I'm having a cost per purchase which is kind of high knowing the price of my item and the average order value that I get.

So maybe I can improve over there in order to improve my average value value to get better ROAS because this one is going to improve a little bit with my pixel as it's getting better. But if I on the same time I'm going to fix my average value it's going to be even better. So here we have a situation where everything looks normal.

Let me show you another ad account which is an older ad account which things are not doing well at all. So this is another account that I don't know why but it's not operating yet really well except from some holiday periods. Okay, so we are in the United States we get a 16 CPM which is a normal.

We do get a unique click over here as you can see of 1.43, 1.33 normal. Not any crazy creative but normal creatives just so that you can see how better creatives are looking for example look on these results. We have 3% to 0.16 much better click through rate.

Okay, if we see on another brand over here for example the cost per click it's more expensive as you can see. Okay, but this is in a such... it's in a very difficult niche for for this to enter now which is having amazing results because it's having lower CPM because the pixel is trained, it has a lot of spend and all of that but also for example this CPM over here is not normal.

Okay, it's very low CPM for United States and it's happening because it's on a specific niche that it's not being targeted, it's not being advertised heavily because there are no interests anymore for this niche. All of you that you know and you follow the channel for a long period you know which niche I'm talking about. You cannot do any interest ads right now in this niche so we have this lower.

So analyzing it's very good. Let me show you again this ad account. Let me find it.

Okay, in this ad account now if we see, we can see that we have a normal CPM for United States, some decent cost per click and CTR you know nothing crazy. We come here to check out, we can see that we have a ratio of 50% okay which is very good but we come here and we see that even when we get such a low cost per purchase which is 20, amazing cost per purchase right, our ROAS is still not there. What does this show to us?

That we have good conversion rate, good CPMs, good decent credits and stuff and when we go to cost per purchase we are getting Facebook is giving us a good result but we're not getting the ROAS that we want. Well, we have a problem with our average order value. So when you are initially doing your ads, except from testing different needs, broad targeting and all of that, you have to be very specific with your numbers over here and just try to analyze where your funnel is breaking.

So the funnel here is not breaking, people are converting but the problem is actually on the average order value because people are not spending a lot on the site. Can we do more bundles? Can we do other things?

Let me take you to another brand which has actually improved a lot since I started doing ads with them. Here we can see that right now in the last seven days we're getting some very good decent results and the ratio between checkout and purchases as you can see 34.11. This is a retargeting so I'm not going to count it but here it has similar results.

79 divided with 26. This is 3. So 34 divided with 11.

This is 3. So we're getting every three checkouts one purchase but the situation was not like that because on December the situation was not like that. The situation was not like that.

So it was 387 divided with 59. We were getting 6.5. Okay so every 6.5 checkouts we were getting a purchase and here it's a wrong on the reporting.

Don't get me wrong. Don't get me wrong. We can see also January for example I believe.

On January for example we had 1.752 divided with 349. This is 5. So every 5 checkouts we were getting a purchase and now in this month after doing some changes what were the changes?

One of the biggest secrets in the industry. They were charging shipping. I told them instead of you selling something for $50 and $10 shipping, sell it for $60 with free shipping.

Magic you know people don't like to pay for shipping. They don't like it at all. They leave the checkout.

They are getting angry. I don't know why. They don't even calculate it.

They just want to see free shipping. And when you're taking the price of shipping and you incorporate it inside the price or inside your normal price then you see that the conversion rates are getting much better. Second thing.

One page checkouts. When you are on Shopify and you go to one page, another page, another page, people are getting bored. Okay and when also we have to not forget that Facebook is an impulsive platform and being an impulsive platform it's very important to understand that people are deciding if they are going to buy just like this and by just giving them more pages they're just going to maybe regret it because they didn't know you.

As we say a lot of times in this channel Facebook is the platform that actually convince you to buy something that you didn't know that you wanted five seconds ago. So a lot of impulsive sales especially when we talk about products that are within the comfort zone pricing. And now you can see here that of course the spend was 8k so far this month.

The last month how much did we spend? The last month we spent 12k, 2.49. This month alone 2.7 with 8 so we're spending even more but the reason that we are improving is because we have seen that...

Let's see also the cost per purchase I'm actually curious. Yeah so the cost per purchase is the same but we're getting more sales and we are also scaling. So right now we're having a ratio which is more normal.

In the last campaigns is every three checkouts one but even if we see the... So it's 3.6 in the total but the tendency is to go close to three. Every checkouts one purchase which is now the new numbers that we get.

We're getting better results. I'm starting scaling this brand and this was a clear indication when I came. This is not a new brand by the way but still it's a very good example to understand where the funnel is breaking.

This is now a very good situation where we can see that we can actually start improving. Let me take you to this brand that I actually scaled profitably. This is a brand that I started on December I believe.

So on December it actually spent 15k with 1.15. On that period I tried my broad targeting on 22. The fun fact now is that I didn't consider initially 22 something expensive but after seeing on the other ad account the difference over there this is something that now I do to all of my ad accounts when I'm starting with new pixels.

So this is 22 and then I did interest over here and it's almost half. So again it's a new pixel. It's a proven product which is working on another country.

So I'm just trying to expand now. This is on Canada. Over here I started having my first initial success over here with 2.39 but still it's not enough for this brand.

On January I started I went to 27k, 2.3 and now I'm having my major structure over here which is basically this is an interest campaign that I'm having different interest side. Here I'm taking one of the interests that have actually worked here. For example if we see here this interest over here has spent all the money with some decent ROAS over here.

It has also volume 46 sales. So I took this one which was working and I did it, I did a crazy method with it. And then what I'm doing here is two retargeting because you know it's a start I need to do retargeting.

They also run Google Ads so even if I steal some sales from Google it's fine. Here I'm trying some lookalikes which are not doing so well but I'm still trying to see what is working. Also the CPMs over here they're kind of same as the interests.

And here I'm doing some lookalikes of one percent because on the previous case over here I'm doing stack lookalikes crazy method with 10% which means that still my pixel doesn't like the bigger audiences so I have to stay to a little bit smaller audiences. So lookalikes one percent with different lookalikes this is purchase one percent, check out one percent, add to cart one percent and this is working. And then by just maintaining that and optimizing and all of that this month finally I'm in very good shape.

Actually all of this improved, my pixel is improving, I'm getting more sales. I'm doing it now profitably which is very important and on the other hand I'm also scaling. So this is the process.

I think that all of this summarizes what you should do with a new pixel and a new account and everything. Check your CPMs and where your funnel is breaking and test interest or whatever you want. Start pivoting to lookalikes and if you see that 10% doesn't work work with one percent and eventually you're going to end up doing broad targeting.

My next step here now that I'm profitable is to do an advanced loss campaign and see if it's going to work when I'm going to decide that I want to actually scale more. So for all of you that you're beginners and you have new pixels and stuff these are the things that you should look and this is how I scaled to... I scaled.

I haven't even started scaling them I guess but I made two ad accounts profitable. So sometimes we have some excuses for example and we say that it's not possible anymore, in 2024 it's more expensive. Well there are cases that as you can see we can do it.

Also I like to create content from time to time from people that they don't have only big spends and all of that which we like. It's more appealing, it's better, ROAS scaling and all of that but there are people that are also struggling with new pixels and everything and new ad accounts so that's something that is going to help you if you are in that case I suppose. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course or my website and until we meet again guys be creative, good luck and be consistent!

Here T