Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today we're going to discuss about CTR and CPM because apparently my friend Jonathan has done this test and I started thinking more about it and I want to share some things with you. Everything started a warm evening in Greece when I was just sitting and working on some other accounts when my friend Jonathan sent me this print screen and he tells me, look how much the CPM is influenced by the click-through rate and PS this is an engagement campaign. So I started thinking and I said hmm maybe what I'm saying all these years that we're transitioning into a platform because of the presets that we have right now on Facebook and with the shops inside the data and everything we are transitioning with Advantage Glass also in a period that we're going to care more about the creatives and if the creative and the percentage of the people that are clicking it's influencing the CPMs at the end of the day then that means that we are transitioning to a period that we will care only about the creatives and nothing else.

But I started thinking and I said this is an engagement campaign. I had the perception that the more a campaign actually optimizes the more it tries to find people that are going to buy so the CPMs are going to become higher even if you have very good click-through rate the CPMs are going to become higher because after some point it's trying to find more and more relevant people and it's not like a massive thing like at the start. And then I started looking some of the accounts and I started comparing what is happening with the CTR and the CPM and what kind of ROAS am I getting.

And this is what we're going to do today. We're going to watch together these at accounts. We're going to analyze the CPMs, the CTRs and the ROAS of course and see what is important to look the CTR, to look the CPM, to look the ROAS.

Does it matter to look all of them together or separate or whatever? Let's go on my PC and let me show you. Okay so everything started from this print screen over here.

In this print screen over here you can see that we have a test that it was concluded, it was an engagement campaign and based on the CTR you see over here that we have completely different results also on the CPM. This is something that it was observed and then I start thinking let me see what is happening actually if we check this on conversion campaigns. Let's go on this at account for example and let's see in the maximum period.

We have the CTR here and the CPM just for the sake of that and I'm watching here. This is a retargeting by the way, the second one so we're just going to ignore the CPM because on retargeting we're having higher CPMs and CTRs, it doesn't matter they're going to convert anyway and we're going to also compare them with ROAS. Okay which is here.

Let me make this smaller actually. Okay so now here we're watching also return on adspend. Now on the first campaign as we can see we have 8.31 ROAS, 1.19, 15.2.

On this one we have 2.25 CTR, 15.72 which is kind of the same CPM but we are having lower ROAS and here we're having 2.2, 16, here we're having 3% so lower CPM. I'm trying to see if we have a trend that when we see higher CPM, we can see higher CTR, we can see lower CPM. But for example over here which is another campaign we have 1.6% CTR and we're having 12.52 CPM.

So my guess over here and of course 6.85. Now, one thing to discuss over here is that first of all in big ad accounts with average order values that are big and stuff, we can see that the CTR and the CPM are not being influenced and the ROAS that you're going to get are the ones that are very important. You should not be just watching the CTR and the CPM which is also something that I'm saying always that you should not just focus in the CPM or CTR or other metrics, you should focus just in return on adspend.

So now let's go in another account which is smaller in terms of return on adspend. So we know that we don't have such good and big fluctuations between the average order value of each order. If we see over here, we can see for example that in the last seven days we have 16K spent 2.54 and let's see here the CTRs in order to understand if they are influencing the CPMs.

So over here we can see that the CPM is 3.24, 5.91 with 0.88, 1.0, 1.24 it's on 5. So this is increased, it's not doing better. This one for example, this one is a boost post, this one is a cost cap, so it's not influencing, this one is retargeting, so we don't care about it.

As I told you retargeting it's different. So we can see that in this case, it's not influencing so much the results that we're going to get in terms of ROAS, in terms of CPM, in terms of CTR. Why am I showing you all of this?

Because we understand some things from the engagement campaigns or from other campaigns, but these things are not the same when we go to the conversion campaigns. This is also one of the reasons that we don't trust so much engagement campaigns, like we used to do in the past in order to define if one creative is good or bad, because maybe it's going to be good on engagement, but when you put it on a conversion campaign and you ask it to convert, maybe it's going to be a completely different case. Every campaign is different and you need to use it in a different way.

If you want engagement, okay, this is going to define you the creative that is the best for engagement, but if you want sales, the conversion campaign is going to show you which creative is the one that's going to give you sales. And over here we can see that the CTR, the CPM, there's just some good metrics to watch, but they're not going to influence the return on management that you have. Because over here, for example, we have 5 CPM and we have 2.45, or here 4.4 CPM and we have 2.83 and 2.85 with 3.24, okay, which is kind of the same ROAS, but even with lower CPM.

And over here, for example, our CPM on 2.83, 0.8 and here we have 1%. So we cannot just say that CPMs and CTRs are the ones that are going to influence our ROAS. But now if we talk also about the correlation between CTR and CPM, I don't find any correlation that whenever it's higher CTR, this is always going to be higher CPM.

So for me, based on the trigger that I had from this print screen, after analyzing accounts and of course from what I presented you here, and I gave you one ad account with higher average value and one ad account with smaller average value, so that we are not going to have fluctuations, I'm talking about the ROAS in that case, you can see that it's not influencing it. I hope that this video helps you to understand that, okay, it's good to watch and analyze data with CTR and CPM and all of that, but at the end of the day what is going to give you money on the pocket and help you continue your business is the cost per purchase and of course the return on aspect and you should focus on them. So first of all, whatever you see in an engagement campaign, it doesn't mean that it's going to be the same on a conversion campaign and we don't care so much about engagement campaigns, we care more about conversion campaigns because are they ones that they're going to give us profits and they're going to help us continue running ads.

That's all I had for you. I hope you enjoyed the video with the different accounts and let me know about your opinion about it and your personal experience and if you want to learn more you can check my book, my free course or my paid course or my website and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.