Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Ελίκοι, καθώς και καθώς Είμαι Κωνσταντίνος και ειδικά θα πω να απαιτήσω ένα από τα ερωτήσεις σας Οπότε, ο αδερφός μου 8ROAS εδώ, πω να απαιτήσω ένα ερωτήσιο που ανοίξω πολύ καλή ερωτήσιση οπότε θέλω να κάνω μόνο ένα βίντεο για αυτό. Κωνσταντίνος, έχω μια ερωτήσια που πρέπει πιο σημαντικό και πρέπει να γνωρίζουν Σε εξαιρετικά ποιο πρόκλημα θα πρέπει να ανοίξουμε για το ρητήσιμο ή τι μέρικα μπορούμε να χρησιμοποιήσουμε για να έχουμε μια ιδέα για το ποιο πρόκλημα Θα πω να ανοίξω ένα κοινό Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE και έπαιξε 400 χρόνια για το ρητήσιμο. Οι αγορές έχουν πιο σημαντικά αλλά είμαι μόνοι για το ρητήσιμο Αυτό πιστεύω να ανοίξει το ρητήσιμο Με το ρητήσιμο Η ρητήσιμο έχει μια αυρήση 3.44% Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Θα πιστεύω περισσότερο ρητήσιμο Βάζω το ρητήσιμο Η πρώτη σημαντικά πιστεύωση Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Πιστεύωση να κάνω Το πράγμα εδώ είναι αυτό Ότι κάθε πιστεύωση είναι διαφορετικά Βαστιά να κάνω για το ρητήσιμο Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Σε μέχρι τέτοια ρητήσιμο Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Οι δυνατότητες που κάνουν Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Διαφερματικά συστηριμένους Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Αυτό που προστατεύωση Σε μέχρι τέτοια ρητήσιμο Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Πιστεύωση να διαλύσει 100k Ελίξιμο Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υποντυχίωση λες ροάς, because in my opinion, retargeting is there to give you better ροάς in order to compensate for the volume ροάς that you are getting on your top funnel ads.

Now, the thing is this, since every case is different, there are some metrics that you can watch and you can understand how this can work for you, and this is what you are asking actually in the next scale of the question. You are mentioning frequency, which is one of them, and let me tell you how it's working in general. First of all, you need to understand that when you are starting with a small budget, and these are concepts that we are discussing also in our retargeting videos, the one that has the thumbnail of Liam Nielsen.

I will look for you. I will find you. And I will kill you.

Over there, we are talking about how you can actually distribute the budgets. You are starting with a very simple bottom of funnel, very simple middle of funnel. The videos are there to watch it.

And after that, you are starting to see if you are going to break your funnel even more. What does this mean? You are watching.

Am I getting, for example, from my cold traffic two ροάς, and I'm getting from my bottom of funnel and middle of funnel six ροάς? Yes, I can break down my funnel more. What does this mean?

Instead of doing Instagram engagers or Facebook engagers in one ad set, I can do two different ad sets with each ad set having the Instagram engager, the second ad set having the Facebook engagers. With that way, I'm breaking my funnel more. I'm not just having one ad set which is having all of my middle of funnel audiences.

I can do different ad sets that they have one of my middle of funnel audiences, each one on different ad sets. That way, I'm going to have bigger budgets in my middle of funnel. I'm going to keep spending and I'm going to start increasing the number of sales I'm having from my retargeting.

Does this mean that I'm going to have lower ροάς? Most probably, yes. And this is the point that you need to decide based on your results, the amount of sales I'm getting and the ροάs that I'm having.

Am I happy with them? Okay. Also, the frequency is a very important factor because if you are seeing that you're getting 10 frequency, it means that most probably you need to have a smaller budget because you're retargeting too much.

So there's not a recipe to that. A lot of times people say just for the theory that it's 20 to 30%, something like that. In bigger budgets, I can tell you that it's 10%.

But other than that, I think that you need to watch the different metrics. See if the difference between your top of funnel and middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ροάs is so different. And if you want to go lower on to that, then you can break your funnel more and have more sales in your retargeting ads by that way.

And also watch your frequency in order to understand if you're doing too much or too little. Other than that, I think that in your case, if you tell me that you have 3.44, I don't know the ροάs that you're having. But if you're spending 60, 3.44, it's not a frequency that I would feel like it's bad frequency.

I would go even more if I see that the ροάs is very high and I can go lower. But I wouldn't increase the budget of this campaign if I wanted to go. What I would do is that I would do another campaign and I would segment my audience.

Okay. I wouldn't just increase the budget of this campaign that I have as a retargeting. This is the thing that I would do.

I hope that I'm answering this very good question that you had. And guys, if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, don't forget that you can check my book or my course. And until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.