Hello Facebook Ads People, I'm Kostadinos and today we're going to talk about an interesting topic. How does Facebook populate people inside their interests? A lot of discussions about the interest in the last period because a lot of them have been removed so let's discuss at a bit in technical level how this is happening compared also to other platforms.

The reason that I'm doing this video is so that I can explain to you how important were interests and if you cannot use them anymore of course we have other solutions like stack lookalikes and all of these things that we're doing in this channel but I want us to explain a little bit why Facebook is so powerful. As I say in my book a lot of times and maybe even in this channel I have mentioned it, Facebook is the platform that is actually convinced you, convinces you to buy something that you didn't know that you wanted to buy five seconds ago. It's that powerful but how are they doing it okay?

So the biggest thing here is to understand how Facebook is populating their interest and how they understand what we want to buy and when we are ready to buy. It's because we are actually giving them all of this data. We are actually having all of this need to share with Facebook all of our information.

So how does this work? When you are having a dog and you are hugging your dog and you are actually by the way prepared to go into extreme let me do this also so that we can have triangles you know conspiracy theory and stuff but this is how Facebook works. Sadly this is how it works.

When you are having a dog and you are having a picture with your dog Facebook understands that you own a dog okay when you are having a cat they understand that. When you are having a Chinese girlfriend they understand that you are having a Chinese girlfriend. When you are having friends and you are talking in a cafeteria and your phones are actually pairing with each other they say okay maybe this person his friend is interested in something so I'm going to target him with the same interest because if they are friends maybe they are interested they have the same interests and so on and so on.

The list is very big from the way that you talk. If you are talking Chinese for example you don't have to put the language Chinese into your profile. Facebook understands that you know how to speak Chinese so you can be targeted with the Chinese language okay.

If they see a girl with a hijab for example they understand that she is a Muslim and so on and so on and so on. So from the behaviors and all of that the algorithm is able to understand what people like or not. If you are posting pictures that you are holding a very big fish you like fishing okay and so on.

Now that we made this explanation of how Facebook is doing that by the way it's doing this because you are giving all of this information to Facebook then let's analyze what the other platforms are doing because I'm hearing a lot of questions about TikTok and how powerful TikTok is this. Okay TikTok is powerful in terms of organic reach but it's never going to be super powerful in terms of interest and stuff and having cold traffic ads. Why?

Because TikTok is taking all of the information about their interests from credit card companies. So I'm having my credit card and I'm buying suits and buying shirts and stuff. I'm interested in shopping and stuff.

This information is being given to TikTok by the credit card company and they are using this in order to target specific people and stuff. Of course maybe by the time the algorithm of TikTok is going to become better and better by just analyzing how people are behaving in specific interests and if they are buying specific stuff and stuff and it will start to create more and more data. But here on Facebook and Instagram we're talking about a very strong algorithm which is actually analyzing every move that we are doing.

For example if I'm going to click in 20 advertisements and I'm going to buy just once I'm going to be the person that is going to be given to traffic campaigns because I'm not quality traffic. But if I'm a person that I'm clicking and I'm buying all the time stuff then I'm going to be on the conversion campaigns of people because I'm better quality traffic. If I'm buying until the 15th of the month I'm going to be a person that I'm going to be targeted from Facebook more on this period because it understands that this is the period that I'm eager to buy more stuff and if I'm not buying for the other half of the month Facebook is not going to target me a lot on that period or it's going to give me the lesser quality traffic.

I want you to understand that all of this makes total sense if you think of it that it's an algorithm which is analyzing data okay. If I have very big thumbs for example and I'm clicking by mistake statistically I'm a person that I'm clicking by mistake so I'm going to be in a traffic campaign because I'm more likely to click so that you can have a cheap traffic okay. I hope that all of this makes sense.

I hope that it's not irritating you so much that Facebook is doing that because you are giving the information to Facebook. It's not like it's stealing it. It's your personal data and in my opinion one of the things that is going to be very expensive in the future is the water and the personal data.

Our personal data actually they cost thousands of dollars or even millions on each one of us because we are the ones that we are influencing the market and as a whole we are the ones that we are moving the market. That's all I had. I hope that there are not a lot of triangles and you know conspiracy theorists over there that they're actually filing lawsuits to Facebook.

Anyway if you want to learn more about Facebook cards and more about conspiracy theories you can check my book or my free course and until we meet again guys be creative and consistent