Hello guys, another quick video. So the stimulation about this video came from an Upward post that I have seen. Let's read it and I will also put it on the screen.

Target single person with an ad on Facebook. This is the title. Hello, for our B2B promo we are interested in targeting a potential high volume client, one person on Facebook with an ad.

This technique is often referred to as sniping. We have a person's email for matching and targeting things. So initially I thought what are they asking?

Okay, maybe this is too much you know. So I said to myself, nah, I'm not going to bid for that job. But at the end of the day I realized that it can actually happen.

And let me tell you how. Follow my way of thinking. So if you have an email that it can actually identify a person, you cannot upload a list with one email.

We know that the minimum amount of emails that you can put, it's going to be 30 in order to upload your email list. Let's say that we're going to upload a little bit more than that, like 50, so that we can be sure. 50 or 60, it doesn't matter.

Now, what if all of the emails are one gender and the person that we want to target is the other gender. So for instance, if we want to target somebody who is a male, we're going to upload a list of 49 women email and one male email. So, and the opposite of course, if we have a woman, we're going to upload 49 male and one woman email.

So at the end of the day, if we upload this list, we can actually go after that with our list custom audience in our ad set and choose if we want to target men or women. So basically what is going to happen, since only one person in that list is a male or women, we're going to target just the person that we want. So this is my solution to that and this is how you can target in theory.

Have I done it? Let's say that I have done it and it was working. And this is the way to do it in theory.

If you want and if you have the email of one person that you want to target with something which is very specific as an ad, you can try this technique and do it like this. Of course, you're going to need these extra emails from the other gender. But at the end of the day, changing in the demographics the male or the female as an option is what is going to help you to actually implement this strategy.

I hope that this is going to help you. Even if it doesn't, I think that it's, you know, an interesting topic to discuss. And I will see you in a future video.