Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about Advantage Plus Audience. Am I using it or not? So a lot of times I'm getting this question, if I want to use Advanced Plus Audience or not.

A little bit of context, a little bit of theory. Before that and before actually everything being actually, you know, named Advantage Plus, we have Advanced Plus Budget which is the CBO, Advanced Plus Placement which is the automatic placements. We have Advanced Plus Catalog, we have Advanced Plus Shopping Campaigns, we have everything which is being called Advanced Plus making our life difficult.

This situation is a blood-soaked nightmarish hellscape. Actually, I can understand if someone is new to Facebook advertising by the way that they're talking, if they say CBO, I do understand that it's someone who has been doing ads for a longer period. If someone says Advanced Plus Budget, I do understand that he's a total beginner that started on 2024.

So, a little bit of context of what was happening before and what is happening now. This is not a new setting, Advanced Plus Audience basically is just expanding the audience to the full potential reach, but it's a little bit different from what we used to have. We used to have a button which was called Expand Audience and it was just a checkbox just below our interest settings.

And basically what it was doing, it was that it was expanding to the full potential reach. We will go into my PC, I will show you how it used to be and how it is now, why am I not using it and why it's not working very well and I will see you on my PC. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So, in my PC I'm going to make a dummy campaign over here just to show you the different settings. Let's say that we do a CBO campaign because in Advanced Plus Shopping we actually have...

Oh, this is also important to mention that in Advanced Plus Shopping I don't believe that the Advanced Plus audience being used there is the same as the one being used on CBOs. Why? Because when I'm using in ASC campaigns that the Advanced Shopping audience is working there, then I'm using the Advanced Shopping audience into CBO campaigns and it's not working there.

So, I do believe that it's two different things. For the sake of our conversation, we're going to do manual CBO but if Advanced Plus audience doesn't work for you in CBO, it doesn't mean that it's not going to work in Advanced Shopping campaigns. This is a different thing.

It's a different thing I do believe. Okay, so now if we come here we're going to be able to see that we have two different options over here which is the Advanced Plus audience which is looking like this. Okay, and we do have the switch to original audience that we're going to analyze in a little bit.

So, Advanced Plus audience. This thing for me doesn't work when I'm using it in ad accounts. It's going to work only in very super good trained ad accounts.

Now, what's the catch? The catch is that this thing might work in the next years. It's not working now but it's meant to work in the next years and we have some settings that we need to see over here.

First of all, see audience controls in advertisement settings. So, let's turn it on. What do we see here?

We see here that we can control over here if my business can only advertise specific location, advertise restricted goods, restricts advertising to some audiences to protect its brand. Now, why does it have this option over here? Because the only thing that this Advanced Plus audience respects is the location and the minimum age.

Okay, and if you exclude any custom audiences. Let me explain why this is not so good and I will explain the differences with the original audience. So, before that what we used to have it was the...

you see over here that's trying to convince you and so on to use the Advanced Plus audience as it does always. But over here what do we have? Let's go here.

We do have the original audience. What's the original audience? In the original audience we do have the custom audiences that we can add lookalikes and all of that.

We do have over here the location. We do have the age and gender and we do have the interests. Now, the most important thing over here is that if you put something here Facebook is going to respect it.

So, if you do 18 to 40 with women only Facebook is going to accept it. Okay, and it's going to respect it. If you go and if you're going to do different settings like in the Advanced Plus audience for example, if you do let's say 18 to 40 into your targeting then Meta is also going to expand it to 1865 no matter if you have set that.

That's why it has these limitations that I strongly suggest you if you're not under specific category not to do it. The problem here is not if it expands. The problem here if it respects some guidelines.

For example, if I'm using an interest with women only, broad targeting 1865 women only with an interest, the expand button audience is going to expand it to broad. But if it expands to broad only for women, it's okay. If it expands also to men and women, then it's an issue.

And this is the problem that we are having with Advanced Plus audience that it's expanding to everything. Men, women, even if you do a local area, it can expand it to a bigger area no matter what you're doing. So, here we have this option which is number one and the second option for placements.

My business can only advertise specific placements. The only reason that they're doing that is because there are some specific industries like gambling or stuff that they have some restrictions. You need to be able to have the option of respecting that.

I think that this is the biggest mistake of the advantage. You see, when you click on Advantage Plus audience, it doesn't even ask you. Switch it immediately.

So, over here as you can see, Audience Control, Minimum Aids. You cannot, for example, if you don't want to advertise to 65 plus or to 60 plus people, you cannot do it with Advanced Plus audience. You will have to set only the Minimum Aids that it's going to accept.

Of course, if you want to exclude something and of course locations, something that it's going to accept. Let's open these settings over here. Now, if you do, if you do over here, let's say for example that you have Minimum Aids of 18 and you do 2565, it's going to even show to expand to people on the Minimum Aids of 18.

So, only this year is what is being respected 100% and this year is just an initial suggestion that it can just, you know, go outside of it. For example, look-alike audiences. You might do look-alike audience over here and it's going to expand it to the full potential reach and so on.

So, in this specific example, for example, we're using advertising as an interest, okay? So, back in the day, what it was going to do if you use the expand button audience that it was appearing here, it doesn't appear anymore because it became an option that is doing it anyway, okay? Before that you had the option, okay, of expanding it or not.

If you were going to do that, the thing that it was going to do is that if your potential reach is, for example, I don't know why, so estimate audience size, okay. So, if it's 82.6 million, for example, maybe it was going to expand it to 164. So, the thing is that now what it's going to do is that if you put, for example, a gender of women here and if you were going to put 18 to, let's say, 46, okay?

The full potential reach from 80 million goes to 25. Over here, we do have the advertising as an interest. So, in this specific case, in the way that it was working back in the day, it was going to expand it up to 45 million.

It was going to respect that. Now, if we switch to advanced plus audience, you're going to see that it doesn't respect that and basically, it's going to expand even further than that and it's going to respect only this, okay. So, it expands to the full potential reach, basically, of United States.

Now, if the case is the big audience of United States, is it working on smaller countries? No, it's not working even there. And as I said, I think it's a different advanced plus audience that we are using on ASC campaigns.

So, that's the reason that I don't like to use it, because I have zero control. I do believe that maybe the future is going to work really well, but for now, for me, it's a bad setting and I always use original audience for this specific reason. So, that's what it does.

Of course, there are some very good ad accounts that whatever you're going to use, it's going to work. It doesn't matter. In smaller ad accounts or in other ad accounts, it doesn't work along with the problems that it's causing.

I hope that, you know, you can test it on your own, but I hope that if you don't want to test it, you will listen to me and you are not going to spend your money. If not, test it on your own. That's totally acceptable.

Don't forget guys, that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, my website, my mentorship programs. You can see the testimonials below my mentorship programs and until we meet again, be creative and because it's done.