Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about an efficient method of testing products or creatives if you don't have a lot of money. So just to be clear, every average person is doing 4,000 thoughts every 24 hours. That means that in order for us to be able to be efficient and actually get his attention we're going to get only eight seconds of his life.

They're being bombarded by advertisements and they watch every day different ads from different people that they try to sell something. So we have only eight seconds. That means that we need to be efficient with our budget and we need to test a lot until we find something that is going to stimulate them and they're going to buy.

So there are two ways. Number one, right now we have the Advantage Plus. Advantage Plus is a method that is very efficient for us and we can use it in order to test different products or different creatives.

Why? Because it's a consolidation method with just one ad set which it's working most probably better with trained pixels because it's broad targeting but still even in smaller trained accounts with less trained pixels I mean most probably over there you can also use it in order to test creatives or products and see if they're having an interaction. The big thing is that I think that for me the better budget is like 50.

You can do it either with a catalog which is working very well with new accounts or you can do it with different ads inside the ad set and you can test like this. You need to watch my video on how to optimize an Advantage Plus campaign in order for you to be able not to spend money on ads that they're not actually going to have good sales for you. Now as I said in another video I don't know if this video is going to go later or before this video.

As I said the Advantage Plus is not a method that a lot of times we're using in new ad accounts because it's having a broad targeting and when you want to target for example only women or your pixel is not trained enough maybe you need to use the traditional way of doing CBO campaigns with my crazy method or other ways or using different interests and stuff. That being said the most efficient way that we can use when you are using CBO campaigns is actually when you are using dynamic creative ads and this is a setting that you can find within your ad set level and of course you can use up to 10 creatives you can use also up to 5 copies and 5 descriptions and Facebook is going to make countless combinations out of that. In my philosophy I don't believe a lot in campaigns that you are having testing testing testing testing but I believe a lot in campaigns that you're not just testing but you're actually trying to have sales at the same time.

So CBO campaigns with dynamic creative ads and trying to also test a lot of creatives but also have sales at the same time and find some winners this is something that I do extensively especially in new ad accounts and in ad accounts with smaller budgets. I think that this explains it all and I think that if you want to learn more about all of that you can check all of my other videos which are explaining the crazy methods, CBO optimization, advanced plus and so on and just piece out the puzzle together for your ad account and for your needs. This video is all about giving a direction to what you should use if you have smaller budgets.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my free course or my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.