Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to go into my pc and I'm going to show you different accounts and how many assets you should put in the CBO campaigns for these accounts because I believe that when we cover this thing in theory some people are confused. I might have covered this in a previous video, I don't remember and I don't care because I want to do something different today. Today I want to go into ad accounts, I want to check different numbers over there, analyze them and tell you that this is what I would do here, this is what I would do here, this is what I would do here.

If your question is about Advanced Plus you should put more than 10. If you have a very small budget like 50 per day between 5 and 10 ads because you can do only one ad set and if you have much higher budget you can go to 20 or 30, it doesn't matter but then you have to watch my videos about Advanced Plus optimization. So let's go to my pc, let's see different cases.

I know that you like the videos that I show ad accounts and stuff while my editors hate it because they have to do more editing but it's okay and I hate it, I hate it! And I will see you there. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there! First of all, before we start and go to show you into different ad accounts, how many adsets I would put, what kind of budgets and all of that, I need to clarify that whatever we discuss here is for cold traffic ads. For me targeting ads you should know CBO because we don't want our warm traffic to actually compete with each other.

Our warm traffic is very specific okay and also when you are watching the numbers to calculate how many ads you should put in a CBO campaign, you should not see the numbers to see your average cost per purchase based also on the targeting. Retargeting is another thing okay, we don't discuss about the targeting. Here we discuss about cold traffic audiences.

So CBO is only for cold traffic, it's not for the targeting. There's no reason for you unless I guess if you do a CBO here for one ad set which is an ABO basically, it doesn't matter, but if you do a CBO with several ad sets there's no point of putting for example a cold traffic audience with a retargeting audience because the cold traffic audience is going to take all the budget, it's a bigger audience. There's no point of doing different retargeting audiences to compete with each other because the targeting audiences are not cold traffic audiences, they're already warm traffic which we want to convert.

We don't want to lose some of them along the way or compete with other warm audiences, they're very specific audiences. So whatever we discuss here is CBO and it's CBO for cold traffic audiences. Let's go on this one for example okay, let's see on this month for example the average cost per purchase that we get is 107 and on last seven days it's 94 so it's getting better.

Okay that's good. So let's calculate a little bit, let's take out this and let's calculate. In this account we can see that we are spending a significant amount of money in 62k in the last seven days okay.

So let's discuss how much should we put in a CBO okay. So you can pause for example and you can think with yourself and just then continue the video to see what I'm saying. Now what I'm going to do here is first of all I'm going to have 94 okay and I'm going to multiply that with five or six which means five assets that means 470 okay.

Again this other account is a big other account so $500 can be one campaign, one campaign can be $1,500. In this for example when you do advanced plus campaigns you can we can easily add 20, 30, 40 ads inside the advanced plus and have $1,000 as a budget and see the distribution. Let me see for example how much do I have on this one.

Oh this one doesn't have a lot but let me see this one for example. This one has 17 ads as you can see and we are left after optimization with this over here okay. So let's think a little bit about CBO because that's the topic.

In CBO over here what I would do is that I would say okay my budget here for example let's say that my budget is 500. So 500 divided with 95 which is what I get in the last days I'm getting 5.2. Perfect.

I'm going to do a CBO campaign. I'm going to add six ads inside or seven if I want to make the process slower or if I want to try to improve. Let's say that I have a budget of 1000 for example here okay.

What am I going to do? I'm going to divide that with 95 and then that gives me 10.5. Can I do 11 adsets?

Yes I can do 11 adsets. On the other hand what I can do is that I can divide also this by two get 5.2 and in that case instead of going for six go for a little bit more go for 7.8 okay. This is what I would do.

I would go for 7.8 or I would go with 11 okay. It's not a big difference. 7.8 is more aggressive.

11 is more safe. Let's say that we have $2000 budget here okay. Then I would divide it with 94 and I would have 21.

In that case for sure I wouldn't go with 21 adsets in a CBO. I would divide that with two and I would go with 10.6 or the other thing. In that case I would try to go for more sales per ad set over here which is more aggressive but it's much more easier to actually control it and see how it's going to work.

But let's discuss a little bit about a situation that we might have here. Let's say that we have 200 for example and then we divide this with 90.95. The result here is 2.1.

No I'm not going to do 3 adsets. Most of the times I need to have very limited budget in most of my CBO campaigns to do 3 adsets. I wouldn't even do 2 okay.

2 adsets is nothing but if I have very limited budget like 50 or something or 100 especially 100 in that case okay. For example if we do 100 we should put only 1 adset if we do that. But in that case I would put 3 okay.

3 is my minimum when I do CBO. My bare bare bare minimum. But if we have here 250 for example as we said here divided with 95 I would do 2.6 which means 3 but I would do a little bit more okay.

I wouldn't do just 3 I would do 4. When the adsets are 2, 3 after me dividing I'm going to do between 3 and 5. This is where I'm going to stay okay.

So this explains how many adsets and the budgets a little bit just so that you can understand. Now if you're having this kind of cost per result and you are not able to spend a lot of money to get it this is your fault okay. Because here as you can see the ROAS is good.

We are getting 94 but we're getting very good ROAS because we have high ticket items here selling. So you need to spend more. So it's very typical here to do campaigns for 500.

I never do a campaign which is smaller than 500 dollars per day. Let's go in another ad account. It's not smaller in terms of spend but it's smaller in terms of cost per purchase and average value.

The average cost per purchase over here is 25. This one and this one is retargeting. These over here are cold traffic ads okay and this is manual bidding.

So in this ad account most probably I will go on around 25 which is what I get also here. The retargeting that we have here has very very small budgets. It's like oh no this is not retargeting.

This is only retargeting and this one has a budget of 100 dollars okay while this one is actually spending around 5k per day okay. So on the last 7 days 1.93 on the whole month 2 ROAS 145k on the spend. Now what am I going to do here okay.

So here it's a different situation and you can have campaigns for 100 dollars for example okay. So here let's say that we have to spend 100 okay. Divide it with 25.

Much more easier okay. So 4 I would put 5 ad sets maybe. 4 to 5 ad sets totally fine.

Here the biggest obstacles that you're going to find is to decide how many ads you're going to put to the bigger budgets. So over here let's go for example to 400. Divide it with 25.

This is 16 ad sets. Would I put 16 ad sets? Most probably no.

I would put I would divide this by 2. I would put 8 ad sets and maybe one more. So between 8 and 10 is what I would put here because I would like to push my ad sets to go for 2 sales instead of 1.

I do believe that 16 ad sets is a lot. I do want you to know that in 2024 I'm not going to do such big campaigns with so many ad sets. I'm going to do less ad sets.

So this is what I was going to do. What I was going to do if I had 1000 for example okay and I want to do a CBO. Most probably would have done an advantage plus with 1000 and not a CBO.

I would have done 500 dollars easily. Another thing that I want to clarify is that in these ad accounts you need to check which numbers work with CBOs. For example, these are very good examples over here for you to understand but later on you might see that you like to optimize and you optimized better.

For example a campaign that had 250 with 7 ads for example and because you have done this once you will do it again and again and you will find that this is a very good combo for this ad account. This is what you need to observe. What I'm showing you here is just the initial push in order to start finding how many ad sets you should put and based on your budget and all of that and also to realize for example based on the previous example that if you are getting a higher cost per purchase for example if you're having 60 and you just want to spend 50 per day then maybe you should not do even a CBO campaign and you should just do an ABO with one ad set okay.

The fact that you're seeing people doing CBOs it doesn't mean that you can do it for example in your ad account if you have a very small spend or you should not put many ad sets or you should not put a small amount of ad sets okay because then it's going to spend a lot per ad set during the day. For example here if you put let's say 100 and just two ad sets okay still it's going to have good results because it's a good ad account but it's like you're pushing it to spend 50 on each one of them and maybe one of them because it's CBO it's going to spend 80 and the other one 20. So you're pushing a lot your ad sets but if you go and you are actually going to split that and do something more normal like four or five ad sets then you're slowing the process okay and you're letting it spend whatever is going to bring you good results because the initial number that you're watching over here in order for you to decide how many ads you're going to put is your average cost per purchase is a number that you're actually achieving so it's not an issue for you to achieve it again inside a CBO campaign.

So you can see that in this account it's much more easier to take decisions. I wouldn't do a CBO campaign with more than 500 over here because that would increase a lot the amount of ad sets but if I had to do one with 1000 for example let's say that someone put a gun into my head okay then I would divide that with 25 I would get 40. I would divide that with 2 I would get 20 and then I would divide that with 2 I would get 10 and most probably I would add another 2 or 3.

So I wouldn't go with 13 because I'm superstitious I would go with 12. Okay so most probably this is what I would have done. But if I had 1000 I would put a lot of ads inside an advantage plus and I would run it like this.

I hope that this explains how many ads you should put in a CBO campaign and how you can actually calculate it. Now in the case that you don't have any results yet and you don't know what to do first of all you have to check the product. If you sell something for 1000 you have to be a little bit prepared for the starting budget.

Don't start with 100 per day start with 300 per day to to see what kind of results you are getting. If you're having normal items 25, 30, 40, 50, 60 what you can do is you can do 103 ad sets, 4 ad sets. This is something that I would easily do in order to initially test the limits of the ad account and I would take it from there.

After that I would see my initial results, what kind of results I'm getting and then I would start adjusting. Then I would start seeing I'm doing my CBO optimization. Is it going fast?

Is it going slow? Should I remove one ad set instead of doing seven? Should I put six on the next one so that I can have more spend between the adsets so that I can optimize and so on.

You can watch my CBO optimization videos to understand better of what I'm talking about. But I hope that this helps it in terms of understanding how much you should spend and how many adsets you should put in a CBO. CBO campaign.

So now there are many examples okay and whoever doesn't understand it I guess you can tell me why you don't understand it. I can make another video that I explain it more I guess. But I feel that we have covered this a lot now and more people are going to understand it and everybody is going to be aligned on this subject.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course or my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.