Hello Facebook Catch people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about one new way that I have found to increase your spending limit. It doesn't work with all other accounts but still in the ones that they have the option it's super effective. Back in the day when we had spending limit issues in each ad account most probably if you're here it's 50 per day.

The thing that we could do is that we could go to the customer support we talk to them and they increase it. This option is not available anymore the customer support doesn't care and they tell you that you just have to keep spending and all of that. So why does Facebook is doing that?

Facebook is doing that as a safety measure for someone hacking your ad account for example spending an enormous amount of money. Secondly they don't know you so they don't want you to spend a lot of money without seeing a lot of your ads, accepting them, approving them, you paying your bills because basically you spend so even the thresholds that you have at the start is $2, $2 then it's increasing to $10, $15 and so on. So basically seeing if you're a good advertiser, if you're legit, taking your personal information to validate your account then approving your ads to see that you're not trying to do anything sketchy and it makes sense they don't trust you so they don't let you spend a lot of money.

But a lot of times this is a problem because 50 per day it's not enough budget for a company to kick start especially if they have some data they want to start. This is happening I must say in new ad accounts in new businesses and if you have a business which is operating for a long time and you do a new ad account most probably you won't have a spending limit issue. But what is the solution over here?

The solution is prepaid funds. If you go to your billing, if you are able to see something which is called prepaid funds because it's not going to be available in other ad accounts I can tell you that you can go and you can add prepaid funds. Most of the time it lets you to add between 500 and 800 and then you're just spending out of that.

Most of the time it's happening when you do it between four and seven days so between four and seven days one week. A lot of times it does it on the on the start of the next month also. It's going to increase your spending limit immediately to 250.

So either in four seven days or at the end of the month it's going to increase to 250 and after that it increases pretty fast to 500 600 and now in 1500 another ad account. So you can speed up the process like this. I have tested in other accounts that the the spending limit wasn't increasing for one month and a half and I have done this after I have found out by a friend who told me because this is something that I haven't found on my own I must say someone else told it to me.

So I have seen it there and then immediately it has increased. Then in a new completely new ad account I have done it immediately and then after five days I had 250 as a daily spending limit. It's working for sure in each ad account that you can do it.

The only problem is that the prepaid funds are not available for all ad accounts and it doesn't work only in the United States. I have done it also in Europe in other places. As I said the only issue is if you had prepaid funds or not.

So this video is for you that you will go to your bill section and you will see prepaid funds. If you see prepaid funds and you do it you're going to increase your spending limit. If not, sorry guys but there's no other solution rather than spending or maybe there's a solution which I haven't found yet but if I find it I'm going to do a video about it.

That's all I had for you guys. I hope that's going to help you to increase your spending limit. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course or my website and until we meet again guys be creative and ecosystem.