Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to see together a test that is given to some candidates freelancers that they do Facebook ads when they're about to join some prestigious Facebook ad agencies. First of all don't start taking these answers now and pretend that you're very smart to this agency's stuff because if I go there I can actually support whatever I'm saying okay but I thought that it was because somebody sent me a message to steal That is totally inappropriate. I told him whatever I was going to say but I don't know how it's going to go if they start asking more questions.

We're going to see together what they have asked and why it's bad. I do remember that I have seen this in a workshop when I have been to Ireland and I remember that I answered to all of it basically telling them that it's a wrong test. Just a spoiler alert over here this test is full of mistakes that you have to spot.

If they don't want you to support this either the person who is giving you this test is clueless and he doesn't know why he's giving this kind of test or it's a person that knows Facebook ads and they want to understand if you are going to spot all of these things that they're going to show to them that you are super technical and you have knowledge to the platform. I don't know how many are going to be benefited by that but for sure it's an interesting thing for me so it's my channel so I'm going to do what whatever video I want. If some of you you're going to be benefited please leave a comment even anonymously so that I can understand if it helped you, what it was done, if you went there and you took the job and all of that but I'm sure that this is coming from Meta.

I have seen it and now I have seen agencies, specifically a Greek agency, asking this test to candidates and I know people that they contacted me in order to help them to pass the test but again if you cannot support it don't go and pretend that you are smart and stuff and then blame me that this answer is right because in any agency and if any agency is watching right now and they have any test I can give any test and I can actually pass it but I have the technical knowledge and all of this experience from other accounts not even to tell them something but to prove it to them by showing them another account that what they're saying is wrong and we're going to go into my pc I'm going to show you the test and I'm going to tell you why this test is full of... Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that they have you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So you're getting this and the question is how you would optimize this campaign?

Let's start seeing what we see here. Obviously nobody's telling us is this a CBO? Is this an ABO for example?

Because why? It's a big difference. First of all we're having a lookalike audience over here which is having two ads, another ad set which is having two ads and the remarketing audience which is having two ads.

Okay so conversion optimized for purchases it doesn't say if it's a CBO or if it's an ABO. If it's an ABO as a structure we're going to analyze it a little bit. If it's a CBO it's completely wrong.

Let me tell you why. Because over here we're having inside the CBO a remarketing audience which there is no way that is going to take such a big budget. Why?

Because it's a small audience. So this is a mistake over here in this example because it says that the retargeting audience here is spending more in a CBO campaign. This is impossible to happen.

Okay second thing except from the fact that we're missing things like CPMs and other things that we could see and they tell you optimize this. The answer immediately is I cannot optimize something that I don't have all the data in front of me. Okay so if they pressure you and they say okay but we need to know based on this we just want to see your skill based on this.

First of all is it the CBO or ABO? They tell you it's a CBO. This is wrong.

There's no way that the remarketing audience over here would have taken such a big budget. We haven't even analyzed the purchases and cost per purchase errors. We will talk about it in a little bit.

Second thing if it's an ABO now and we're talking about ABO we're having a look-alike audience, a broad audience which are having their own budget. This could happen and that means that we're spending more money on the retargeting or a little bit more. I can see also what is the interval over here.

Okay how many days are we watching? Seven days, 14 days, 30 days because if it is the last seven days it's completely different from being the last 30 days. I need to see the tendency of the campaigns.

I need to understand how am I going to optimize this. The next thing that we're seeing over here is that we are seeing that there's a fluctuation on AOV because we're getting 4.37 over here with 9 ROAS and we're getting here 5.84 with 9 ROAS. So here we managed to get higher ROAS and with higher cost per purchase here we got almost the same ROAS.

We're not going to criticize again whatever results we're getting on remarketing. Remarketing is outside of the discussion. If it's on the CBO it's completely wrong.

It shouldn't be there. It should be in its own campaign because it's a very small audience that is never going to take budget against the broad audience and the lookalike audiences. Okay so if it's an ABO fine we still have nothing to discuss here because whatever results we see on remarketing there is no point of actually discussing about optimizing remarketing.

It's either a decision of how much is spending comparing to the whole account which is something that you know it depends how many campaigns do we have more and all of that and what percentage is taking of the budget and everything. Now so remarketing it's out of the discussion. A little bit we're going to talk about the ads.

Over here we see a fluctuation. One thing that you could suggest over here is that maybe we need to start seeing if we're going to optimize for value optimization instead of maximum number of conversions we can see a fluctuation in AOV. So I do believe that if we run value optimization here we might have some better results because I can see that there are campaign that there are sales that are coming here which are you know less which are having higher cost per purchase not less higher cost per purchase and still they're getting the same ROAS as others.

So maybe if we optimize we will get higher ROAS sales. Now the next thing which I would like to talk about here is again if it's ABO the only thing that is wrong over here if it's ABO is this which is having static images and collection ads together. Collection ads are the instant experience ads and that means that the collection ads should take higher budget from the static images.

So over here what are we seeing 135-215 static image. 95% of the cases this is impossible to happen. The static image because initially when we are optimizing when a campaign is optimizing it's going to go based on engagement.

So over here on the engagement we're going to be able to see that a collection ad it's easier to get more engagement comparing to a static image which engagement is considered when somebody clicks likes or comments but with a collection that we can have a carousel we can have another thing that opens it could be a video collection ad it doesn't say also that is it just images or a video collection ad whatever. So it's almost impossible for the static image to take more budget over here comparing also here the collection ad is taking more budget most likely inside this also another thing which really bothers me here even if it is CBO or ABO it doesn't matter. First of all are we talking about the same static image in all of those or it's different because if it's the same and this is a CBO most likely the spends are going to go mostly on the one which is winning which is going to be the collection ad here.

If it's an ABO that means that there is no way that for any of those to have budget attribution like this because the ABO campaigns and the assets are going to work with dominant ads inside. So over here it's all also completely wrong there is no way that we're going to have 250 and 135 most likely we're going to end up having 250 and 30 here something like that or 50 okay there is going to be a dominant ad even if it is a CBO or an ABO. If it is the same static image and the same collection ad that means that it's going to be the same collection ad taking in all of the ad sets more budget comparing to the static image.

I'm sure of that there is no way that a static image is going to win a collection ad unless if it is a crazy image that is going to have more engagement than a collection ad which is most unlikely to happen. So another thing that you need to do here except from removing the remarketing to its own campaign unless if it's an ABO which doesn't matter and I would do it for cleaningness to have it on another campaign. I would have different campaigns for broad static or broad collection different campaign for look-alike static look-alike collection.

Third thing you asked me to optimize the campaign what is the break-even ROAS? How can I know if this is profitable or not? Are we working with cost per purchase with break-even ROAS?

Which are the numbers that I need to see over here? So these are all the things that I'm spotting here. Let's recap a little bit.

If it's a CBO I do believe that the remarketing shouldn't be here and there's no way that it should have taken this budget. About starting and collection ad I don't think that there is an issue to actually have both of them in retargeting. This is something that you can do because retargeting it's a different thing.

Again I do believe that collection ad is going to take more budget but still it's acceptable. I'm okay with that. Now in the broad audience and look-alike if this is a CBO they should be on different campaigns and in each campaign basically you need another four campaigns over here.

If you want to be okay with that but maybe it's an agency that believes in consolidation. That's their problem to believe whatever they want and this is the part that you come and you say that look in this account working like this but if you have many other accounts and you are working like freelancer you wouldn't like to work for an agency and so on. So if we're having here look-alike audience with static image a collection ad most likely the collection ad is going to take all the budget but this doesn't mean that the static image is not good.

Now here comes someone who is telling you yeah but these are the results so these are actual results. What would you do? The answer over here is that I'm not going to answer in something that is never going to happen.

This is never going to happen. If this is a CBO and the retargeting is like this is never going to happen. The collection ad, the static image over here it's never going to take as budget as the collection ad.

Okay and also I'm missing some so much information in order for me to be able to answer but for sure all I'm seeing here is instead of having one campaign to have five campaigns. One look-alike audience static, one look-alike collection, one broad static, one broad collection and one retargeting. And if it's just a CBO I think it's completely wrong and there's no way that these were going to be the results inside the campaign so there's no point of optimizing.

This is a point of breaking the campaigns to something that makes sense. Last thing is what kind of look-alikes? Is this one percent or is it ten percent and which country?

Because if you have ten percent look-alike in Greece it can stay in a CBO campaign with a broad audience but if you put also is it stacked look-alikes or just one audience for example okay. But I'm guessing these are really advanced stuff. In other words if you make all of this discussion with them and they know Facebook ads they're just going to hire you just like this.

You're hired. But if it's someone who is just posting this because they have seen it from other agencies you are f***ed because it's a completely wrong example with all of these stupid examples inside here. I have seen it in in Meta once to do this kind of workshop with these stupid questions but at that point I believe that they do it because they are clueless.

I hope that this is going to help you understand how you can answer these questions if you're looking for a job and you're a freelancer and all of that but for sure with my course and with my videos and stuff you can you know learn more about it. It's pure knowledge that you are getting in other accounts okay. The retargeting thing for example being on a CBO campaign and taking all the budget is something that you're not going to learn in theory.

You're going to see it in action in another account and you will know that this is not possible to happen. I hope that it's going to help you. In any case if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website.

You can check also my mentorship programs of course that we are doing all of this kind of deep analysis and you can see also below all the testimonials from the people that they have completed or still being part of it. And I think we'll meet again guys be creative and be consistent.