Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today I'm going to show you in a live example how to train a new Facebook pixel or API. Okay, a little bit of theory before we go into one other account just to show you. Don't expect any crazy rows in this account.

You will see how we start with new ad accounts and how we try to work with them. Just for context, for all of you that you're sending me messages about working with your ad accounts, if your ad account is new, most probably I'm not going to work with you if I don't believe a lot into your product and your project. It has nothing to do with you, it has nothing, it has to do with my time and how I want to manage it and I cannot take all the projects, I can just take limited projects and to be honest with you, I want to work with projects that I truly believe that I can also help.

So just to clarify, this is not a video so that you can say okay this guy helped this guy with this startup and he can help me also. Most probably like 90% of the people that reach out to me without a trained pixel, I reject their propositions of working together and there are specific cases that I work with people because I believe a lot in their product. Enough of that, let's go and let me explain to you a little bit of theory of how we're training pixels APIs.

First of all the pixels are going to be removed on 2022-23, this is why... now it's 23. Yes.

24. I lost the track of time, sadly. We are going to have APIs which we're going to train also and they are going to behave the same way.

The ultimate goal of each of the account and each pixel or API, however we want to call it, it's all about going from interests to bigger interests, then to lookalikes, then to stacked lookalikes which is broader and then go to broad, broad, broad targeting. So the ultimate goal of each account is to train our pixel and API to a level that is going to be able to identify people that they're going to buy inside a broad audience. That being said, if you don't have interests to use at the start, well, you're unlucky and you have to find alternative ways of training your pixel with organic traffic or with other ways of getting traffic and data to your pixel so that you can go to step number two which is using broader interests which are not super specific to your niche or to your product and then later lookalikes.

Another thing that you can do is burn a lot of money by just having random sales here and there which is going to help you eventually train your pixel which is going to work really well. In the example that I would like to show you, I would like to show you at least one step of the process of how we improved. Maybe I will do a later case study because these things are taking time, okay, two, three, four months.

But I find it quite interesting of what we have done, how we used Crazy Method in order to take advantage of one interest that it was working and this owner is understanding all of that. I really believe in his product and I believe that we will be successful and also the importance of the creatives and how we are testing them. First of all, I need to clarify that this is not an account that I'm proud of.

I'm just showing you how you can start with another account basically and of course Facebook is the art of failure, okay, and you need to fail a lot of times until you find something that's working in another account or if Facebook decides eventually to make it work and make your life easier. The point here and what I want to show you is just pure data of how we are improving an account and how we see if we are moving in the right direction. And the other thing that I want to point out about this account is that it's in the skincare brand but it's in the acne niche and why am I pointing that?

First of all, because there are not specific interests that you can use for the acne products like super relative ones. So we are missing the first point here which is the interests. We have to go to broader interests.

The problem with acne is that there are a lot of people that they have acne. When you were going to train your pixel over there it's going to be amazing but until you do so every single brand like LaRose, Posseo or Avene or other brands they are just having some people that they have acne within these niche. So it's always a sub-neesh of another niche which is very difficult because it's making our life more difficult with training a pixel that understands the ideal avatar which is the people who have acne.

In the previous month what happened here is that $4,750 has been spent and the owner of course and whoever is a normal businessman this guy has other businesses also so he understands that. And when you don't have alternative ways of getting sales for example when you don't have influencer marketing or other ways of training your pixel like this well you need to spend a lot of money by training your pixel with random sales here and there. But let me show you what was happening so far in this situation.

So when I started on this account the cost per click that I was getting it was a ridiculous thing like 10.25, 11.3 and so on. And then even with that I managed to get three sales over here in this interest which were not good. Now at this point I'm starting realizing that not only my targeting is a problem but also my creatives because I don't believe okay somebody who has acne is going to click but $10 is too much even for somebody who is not having acne of not click who's who is having acne of clicking that means that we have problem with our targeting.

So also so at the same time I asked from the owner to do more creatives and let's try more creatives but since I had some sales over here even with this ridiculous cost but I found one interest over here that it was working very well. So now what do I get from this that my creatives are not good I need to find other creatives. Secondly the other thing that I need to check here is that this interest even with such expensive cost per click and traffic because it's a baby pixel a new pixel it's getting sales.

So what am I going to do I'm going to take the other creatives okay and I'm going to first of all what I did is I checked how many sales we could have until now the sales are only 200 so I tried to also lookalikes and they didn't perform better because I thought that okay if my interest is like this let me try to improve it by putting lookalike audiences but lookalikes are not ready yet and I didn't even get to add to catch that which means that we are far away from using lookalike audiences. I just got one random sale here and the other thing that I want to point out so let's focus on this now which are the new ones it's that when I started running my crazy method with this specific interest which was the brand one it's just a group of three interests so I started using this as a crazy method this time if you don't know what crazy method is go check my video about crazy method and I also used other creatives and I did this three times because I produced other creatives other creatives other creatives what happened here is that I managed to have over here a cost per unique click on 4.34 I can live with that it's fine as a cost per click and one of them actually optimized and if we see on the maximum lifetime we can see that the results that we're getting is on six purchases right now it's having consistent sales day by day if you watch on yesterday I believe yesterday it had nothing but the previous day on Monday it had two sales okay which is another thing of new pixels by the way they are inconsistent so I believe that this one most probably at some point is going to die and I'm going to try again the brand one's crazy method with other interests and this interest again as a relance and again and again and again I will keep doing this process and I will try to keep improving it now here we have a cost per purchase of 50. I believe that by the way on on the last 30 days if I was here the cost per purchase on 90 they were hitting 200 and 150 dollars as cost per purchase even on mother's day or other day like this which are special promos and now we're managing to get this to 90.

Are we happy with that? No but it's an improvement we are improving day by day and month by month and of course we are having sales day by day because if we watch here on Sunday we had two sales on Monday I believe we had two sales then on Tuesday died if for another one or two days we're not going to have any sale we're going to close relance it try more creatives and so on and so on we're going to do this again again again until we manage to train it in a level that we will start doing lookalikes now the most important thing on this account at this point is not the creatives but to reach to the point that we know that we have an interest which if we use it if the creatives are correct we're going to have sales because when you have that you are just having only one equation to solve which is going to be the creatives producing creatives all the time and you know that this interest is good enough when you test it in order for you to be able to have the best possible results I guess this is summarized it a little bit this is this is how you kick start the business this is how you test it this is how you do it of course it took me three cpo campaigns with different interests then we used four batches of different creatives and the thing that we're doing here is that we're using dynamic creative ads which is this button over here and we're using as you can see here several videos and we are using also several copies in order to define what is best at this point with six sales only on this campaign which is moving to the right direction we're not going to be able to see which one was the best creative or whatever maybe just have an indication of five sales or six but I don't think that it's enough but I hope that with all that you understand my thought process and the way that you approach a new pixel ad account and how you try to train your pixel for example if you're in the fishing niche there are much better interests that you can use instead of going through that way but all the things that you need to do is just seeing if you can improve your cost per click if you can improve the sales that you're getting the consistency of the sales you're getting because if you're getting one two sales and then it dies it's because of your pixel then you have to relance it and try again and again again use the crazy method because it's helping you a lot of the start to target different hot pockets that they may they might work because if you do the consolidation method that facebook is actually proposing you're just going to have only one ad set and this one ad set if you are not fortunate enough to have a sale then you're going to lose all your money there so the crazy method is helping you a lot especially in a new account to actually target different hot pockets and if you're fortunate enough like the way that i was here with this ad set over here taking all the budget okay because you can see it's taking all the budget okay and i just close this one just to direct it here okay fine take all the budget if you get sales keep giving me sales and then at some point by just also improving the site the average order value and the creatives more and the targeting that we have and stuff then we can start talking about return on ad spend and how we can go to profitability sadly this is the truth facebook is an expensive platform if you don't like it try to train your pixel with alternative ways and then come to facebook to scale anyway i hope that you learned something today from this experiment that i do and live example and don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book or my free course and my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent again Thank you.