Hello Facebook people, I'm Kostanti Roos and today we're going to talk about the next Black Friday or is it too early? The answer is no, it's not too early. All right, and I will tell you why.

Because you need to start preparing your ad account for the next Q4. What I mean by that? While we're going towards Q4, you need to try to scale as much as you can your ad account, preparing it for the scaling that you're going to do on the Q4.

I'm going to do a video on September about the Black Friday strategy that we're going to have. I'm not going to post it earlier because it's going to be lost, but I'm going to prepare you on what you're going to do until the next video which is going to be about the Black Friday. You need to keep scaling the ad account, increasing the budget that you're spending if it's possible, and try a lot of different creatives products and all of that because all of these are things that you're going to utilize in the next Black Friday.

All of your testings, for example, and the creatives that are working and the products that are working, they're going to be converted to Black Friday ads and you're going to scale them during the Q4. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook ads course. It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting.

And because of that, I have created the best Facebook ad course in the world. Inside, you're going to find super advanced information, but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook ads from the beginner level to super advanced level.

It has inside Loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, Loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization. It has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions, and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard. Also strategies that are working all of these years, things that I have developed, things that I know that they're working because I have spent millions and millions of the platform.

Currently, I'm spending between five and ten million every month. Sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and I have access to many, many more. So I know what is currently working and all the latest trends.

And this is what I'm doing inside the course. I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now. And if you want, you can click the link below, you can go and you can check some videos that I have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not.

I will see you there. Why are we trying to scale our ad account before the Q4 and Black Friday? Because these are called attack periods.

And let me explain with some stupid numbers how it goes. Let's say that we're spending 100k in one account and we're not increasing our budget. We go to Black Friday, we spend 200-300k because we scaled and then we go back to 100k.

You won nothing. You just made some money from the Q4 and the Black Friday and that's it. How can I win also from this situation by having campaigns which I'm going to try to scale more products, more creatives, more, more, more.

Instead of going with 100, go with 150, 200 before Black Friday. Because I scaled, I'm going to be able to maintain this spend because I go to Black Friday and I'm going to be having more sales and more demands to my products and more numbers inside my ads manager. So, I might be able to go with 200 instead of 100 because I scaled and I was able to maintain it because I had a Black Friday.

Without this, maybe I would scale to 200k but then it was going to collapse. Okay, I managed to keep it for a period and then what is my goal? I will scale, let's say, from 200k to 300k, 400k, 500k and then I will try to go to 200k spend again, not 100k, to 200k spend, my previous spend before Black Friday.

In the next two, three, four months by trying to keep the campaigns that I have, the campaigns that I maintained during Black Friday and they got inflated with many, many, many results that they wouldn't take in any other case. So, I will try to benefit by increasing also the threshold of my ad account and how big my ad account is considered by Meta and what is the slice of the market that I'm taking comparing to the other months or this month right now that Meta is giving me a smaller slice because it considers me on a lower tier. So, believe it or not, Meta really shares the pie.

Okay, and some advertisers you might think why is this brand spending $5 million, for example, per month? Because they have done this scaling and they don't liberate, they're on a higher tier and they are taking bigger slice of the pie because of the thing that I told you again and again. It didn't happen overnight, it happened because they were scaling or because they have a lot of products, which is another thing.

You see though some brands that they don't have a lot of products but they are spending a lot. It's because they have scaled gradually all of these years and they are maintaining this spend with the way that I told you. There are also the other cases that they are scaling with multiple countries and all of that or more influencers but this is not in this case.

I'm talking about companies that they are spending, for example, they have a problem on 5k per day and they cannot scale more. You can feel it, you know, when you're running cash that it doesn't let you spend more and this is one of the ways for you to unblock it because the other ways are really expensive like really expensive influencers and all of that. Don't think that all the effort that you're going to do now is going to be in vain because whatever creative you're going to find which is working, whatever structure, whatever product, all of these things are going to be utilized on Black Friday.

On Black Friday we're not going to do new creatives out of nowhere. We're just going to take whatever it has worked the whole year which we're preparing for Black Friday, creatives products and we're going to convert them to Black Friday ads. I'm going to have a more detailed video about the Black Friday and the whole strategy that we're going to have with Black Friday ads, Evergreen ads, how we're going to do the pivot between Black Friday and Christmas on September.

So you're going to watch it then. Don't forget that if you want to start preparing better about the next upcoming Q4 and Black Friday and learn all of the strategies that you're going to use then, you can check my course and you can see inside super advanced stuff and also theory and you can see all the reviews from the people that they have completed. And also we have my mentorship programs which are almost full.

Everybody comes on Q4. I have only five spots. To be honest with you, this year I'm not even going to go with five spots because I have also the course that I want to promote in this Black Friday for myself so I'm going to put some effort also there.

So maybe it's going to be three or four people. Three spots are already taken. I don't know and these are people that they're already on the chosen five and I'm not going to liberate any.

Now if I decide to work more because it's Black Friday, I don't know. I don't know what's going to happen in four or five months. I'm doing a big opening scaling my business and stuff, advancing also selling creatives and other services.

Throw a question. It really depends also on your character. Throw a question and maybe we're going to work.

If you want to check testimonials about the chosen five, go and check in my website from the links below all of the people that they have completed it and what they have to say about it. Until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.