Hello Facebook Ads People, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm going to prove to you that if it doesn't need a lot of effort on your side, then that means that you haven't scaled enough. So in the past I have showed you several times at accounts that they're ready to pop, ready to scale, but there are just two different opinions over there. There are people that they just say that, Oh my God, if it doesn't have five rows, six rows, then why do we even bother?

There are other people that they come and they say, If it has five or six rows, it means that you haven't scaled. Of course, given the scenario that we're having a break even ROAS, for example, which is two or 1.5, and we're having five ROAS, one person is going to come and say, Yeah, this is really good. But the other person is going to come and say, You haven't scaled enough.

That means that you're a bad advertiser, for example. Let me tell you what's my opinion about this too. So opinion number one is that, Okay, I'm having very good ROAS.

I want Facebook to give me only new clients and all of this kind of in my opinion. And I'm not saying it because I want to spend more to get paid more. I'm saying it because I also believe it.

I believe that e-commerce, Facebook ads and all of that, these are growth. You're going for growth in order for you to monetize on lifetime value and all of that. But anyway, we have these people that they say, If you don't have five, six ROAS, this is really bad and all of that.

And we have people, which is a second opinion, that they will come and they will tell you that you're a bad advertiser. These are the more experienced people, of course, and the people that they have been in the game for a long period of time. And they will tell you, if you cannot scale more.

So what's the point of view spending and having six ROAS and spending 20K per month when you can spend 100K with two ROAS, for example, and the break-even ROAS is 1.5. There are these kinds of people that they will come and they will say, You are wrong. You're a bad advertiser.

You're not scaling. You're not doing this. You're not doing that.

So let's go into my PC. I would like to show you another account that the owners don't want to scale because they have storage issues and they have limited stock. Hi guys.

I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs. And I would love if you go to the website, you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website. And over there, you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs. And I will hope to see you there. So it's not going to be a long video because I just want to prove a point.

We have this at account. This account should scale, but they don't have the stock. Okay.

So we're just having close spend. Whatever I'm going to do here is having good ROAS immediately. Break-even ROAS is 1.5.

There's no point for me to have this spend on the last 30 days and not scale. I do one campaign. I put 20 creatives inside.

Over here, you can see, for example, all of them are working. There is no point to discuss about optimization, crazy method, all of these kind of things, because it's working on its own. There's nothing to optimize here.

Everything is looking amazingly good. The only thing that you can do here is increase the budget. Okay.

It goes without saying. The same goes with all the other campaigns. They don't need optimization.

You don't touch them. You do nothing, basically. So what do you do?

You come every day and you check if it's spending normally, if everything is active, if it has a payment failure, you do that. In other words, if it doesn't need any effort from your end or zero effort and everything is working, that's a sign of scaling. You need to start scaling this other account.

Now, if you cannot for any other reason, it's up to you. But this is how another account looks. Look on the other campaign over here.

I don't know if I even optimize it. You see, I haven't even optimized here. Okay.

One today, close three or four ads. Okay. But I haven't even optimized here and it's working pretty well.

Okay. So you don't have difficult optimization. You have nothing to do.

When you are struggling and you are trying and all of that, it means because you are spending and you're trying to do, to take the best decisions in order for you not to lose money. But here, it is very obvious. We have so much room, which means that even if we do, I believe it, if we do traffic or engagement ads here, most likely we're going to have sales.

Not as good sales, but still we're going to have sales. I do believe it. So, another account that is ready to scale looks like this.

If you're not putting enough effort and you're having very good results in your ad account, that's a very good sign for you to understand that now is the time for you to scale, most likely. Roas is not the only thing which is important, but also scaling is what is important. Not to mention that Roas that you see on the platform is not a reality.

We need to see also what kind of results we get, you know, in reality. And in reality, if you scale a lot and you have growth, then the company is going to have more revenue on the long term, if it's a normal company, of course, and doesn't sell something only once. And okay, I get it.

Most of you, you would want to have five Roas and you would be very happy with it. But let me tell you that the most experienced advertisers, advertisers, but also e-commerce store owners, they go for growth because they have seen the power of it. And a lot of times I meet people that we start like this with high Roas and stuff, then they see the growth.

And then in their new e-commerce stores, the only discussion is how can we start spending 100k, 200k, 300k over here, because they understand the power of growth. I hope that this visual example is going to help you understand that even if you are happy with five Roas, it's okay, be happy. I don't want to ruin it to you.

Understand that you are missing potential, but not only that, you are missing the momentum. A lot of times there are companies that I have seen that they didn't scale when they should have scaled. And that meant that they were left behind, they didn't take the market share that they should, and then the competition came and they couldn't scale anymore.

Think of that, think of it as a perspective, you know, and understand that scaling is also very important. That's why you see people scaling. Even if you don't understand that you say, why are they scaling if they are having 1.5 Roas, for example, they are breaking even.

Because they're winning money. Not everybody's losing money in this world. Or there's not a secret conspiracy theory of meta advertisers want to make them spend much more.

Because these are people that they hire us and they have us for five years, six years, seven years. At least this is what's happening in my case. So why would someone keep paying me for seven years in a company that's breaking even, for example, but spending 800k per month, if he's not making out money out of it on the lifetime value, repeated customers and all of that.

I hope that this is going to help you understand. If this is not going to help you understand, the life is going to teach you because eventually either you're not going to be able to scale because you didn't do it when you had the momentum or you're going to scale and you're going to see how important it is to have this growth. In any case, if you want to learn more, don't forget that you can check my book, my course, my website.

You can check also my mentorship programs and below the testimonials of all the people completing them or still being part of them. And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent. э sentences lot , a