Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about print on demand in 2021. Two. Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about print on demand in 2022.

Is it still effective? Can you make money? So this channel is all about Facebook Ads, this is just a video about print on demand so if you're into print on demand and you want information about print on demand this is not the place that you should be.

We do mainly Facebook Ads. So let me explain about print on demand. Print on demand is when you're having an idea, a design and you're actually selling the design, you're not selling the actual t-shirt.

For example, I have this logo for example over here, I can put it in a t-shirt and sell it. So I'm selling the design. Why?

Because someone else is fulfilling it for me. They have the t-shirts, they just put the stamp on it and they send it for me. You know most probably from my previous video about dropshipping.

I don't know if it's going to be previous or later when it's going to come out to be honest but you know that I don't like dropshipping and I explained the reasons. Flashback. If you're not serious about it, it's not going to happen just because some other people are serious about it and you're watching them being lazy.

Okay? I hope that it makes sense. Let's go because my face is going to become red soon.

Let's go to close the video. In a flashback. But with print on demand it's a little bit more different and this is a model that I have used heavily in the past.

Of course because I want to be more serious with my own e-commerce store, I did the transition to actual inventory which I'm going to explain in a little bit. So first thing, in the print on demand area you can actually control the quality of the product because you can order from different suppliers. There are more than enough custom cut, printify, printful, a lot of companies that they have good shipping times which is my main issue with dropshipping because they are producing stuff in the United States or in Europe in their different facilities.

So the shipping times are better. They are not coming from China. Second thing, you can check the quality because you are actually selling the design over here.

People are buying not because of the quality of the clothing. Of course the quality of the clothing has to be good, but they buy because of the stamp that they see and the message that you want to pass to your t-shirt. So this is a good situation over here.

Now there are some problems because the Facebook advertisement cost is rising. I can tell you that having a t-shirt business right now, it's not effective anymore. Why?

Because especially at the start, it's going to be super expensive for you to sell a t-shirt. Just to give you a breakdown of the cost. If you go, and I don't know if my information is super updated, but give or take these are the numbers.

If you can find a very cheap t-shirt like $9, I think one year ago the most cheap one was on Custom Cut, you can buy over there one for $9, then you have the shipping and stuff. You will go to $14 plus other costs and stuff, let's say $15. And you want to sell this t-shirt in the global price which is $25.

That means that you need to have a cost per purchase of, I don't know, let's say $12.5 in order for you to have two ROAs. And I'm guessing that even with two ROAs you're not going to break even. So in my opinion selling t-shirts right now, if you don't have a good average order value, because this can be fixed if for example someone comes to your store and they buy two or three t-shirts, this is going to be fixed because at that point you will be making more money for each cost per purchase.

As we said in this channel before, Facebook doesn't care about how much people are going to buy into your store. This is why you should fix your own average order value instead of blaming Facebook because at the end of the day, Facebook is seeing cost per purchase. I'm sending you someone for this amount of money.

If they buy something for $1 million or for $1, it's up to you. So you can still sell t-shirts if you have a good average order value. You can sell hoodies, you can sell all the things that you can imagine.

On top of that, you can have good reviews. This is something that you can do sustainably. You can have a very good creativity with your designs that you can change from time to time.

Even if people are going to copy you, you're going to be able to come with another idea and stuff. There are two difficulties which is actually the price points of the items that are very popular. You need to have very good average order value which is something that you can work and this is going to differentiate you from others that they are going to be struggling when they are selling one t-shirt or one hoodie.

And the most difficulty for me when I was doing it is finding a good designer. I can tell you that's the most difficult thing in the world. Finding someone who is going to see your vision and actually put their personal touch to it.

Most of the times the solution to that was not finding someone who is going to work remotely but find someone locally. Okay, the same way that it happened with my YouTube video. I'm very happy that I have Sotiria which is right now behind the camera and she is the one that she's doing my video editing and 90% of the good quality that you see on the videos is coming from Sotiria.

And this is happening because I showed someone locally to do the videos instead of having someone who doesn't know me, doesn't speak with me, okay, and doesn't understand my kind of humor. Meanwhile, you should really try automatic placements. Help!

Help! Help! Help!

Help! Watch the camera a little bit! Which is also very important, for example, having someone from another country doesn't understand my mentality or whatever.

Of course, Sotiria doesn't understand 90% of what am I saying here in front of you right now but it's okay. She still has a very big talent on editing and this is a local sourcing for me to finding a person like this. I wouldn't be able to have such a good quality in my videos and such a good editing if I had someone remotely.

So this is the same thing that happened to me when I was looking someone that was going to do the designs for my t-shirts or whatever I was going to sell. One last note before we close the video. The shipping times are good and you're not going to have problems with the account quality of your page.

But the average order value is something which is going to be extremely difficult to fix. There is a workaround. I have found one product that is actually selling like crazy and it's working very well.

Canvas, you know, the art that you can put on the wall. It's something that it has very good average order value because someone can come to your store and they can buy one small one, a bigger one. So you have different sizes and different sizes that they change the price a lot.

So you can have 10x10, 12x12, you can have 25x25 and that means that the one might cost 90 and the other one might cost 250. So the price range is so big that you might have a big order, you might have a small one, but the average order value that you're going to have because of that, it's going to be very good. Also in the canvas art, and this is something that I realized when I was moving myself to my new house, it's that it's very difficult for someone who is moving to actually find something to put on their wall, something that they are actually going to like.

This is why a lot of times people are actually creating something that they like or something custom and they put it on canvas. The idea came to me when I started working with several artists that they were actually painting the original and then they were selling limited editions of this original to a series of numbers 1 to 100, you know, as a limited printed version so that they can maximize their profits because it wouldn't make any sense if it took them one month to create just one art just to have this one art and nothing else. So they had also the printed versions.

And because I have seen that it was working very well for them doing Facebook ads and stuff, I proposed it to one or two people, they started running ads and it was profitable since the first month. This has happened the previous year, okay? But it was working very well even after iOS changes.

I can tell you that there's one guy that still does it. Now, the last thing that I want to point out about this is the copyrights. So, this guy that I know, he's doing it without any issue.

The artists that I know, they're doing it without any issue because when you are changing something, it's actually considered art, this is what I was told. Nobody has ever touched them, okay? Even when they were doing ads for Kobe Bryant when they died and we had so many artists doing things for Kobe Bryant, no one said anything.

Here's an idea. If you want to experiment with something, in my opinion, don't go with t-shirts but go with something that has better potential. Even if you fail, you have better chances of succeeding with Canvas Art because of the average order value and the range of the prices.

I don't want to hold you more. Thank you very much for watching the video. Like and subscribe if you like the video.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can check my book or my free course and until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.