Hello guys! So I had another video that I was talking about consolidation of Facebook ads and why it's bad. So this owner is very open to testing because we are in the process of learning what is going to work in his account or whatever.

We are even learning ads with different languages to different countries. A lot of testing there and he doesn't care so much at this point about the results which are good okay because the previous agency that he had, they were running traffic ads and then retargeting something that we have also discussed a lot on this channel that is very bad. Even if Facebook is proposing it, don't do it!

I'm seeing accounts every day that they're doing this and they have zero results. So end of story with that, stop doing it! It is not working!

Not to mention that I'm going to do a separate video about it but the other thing that people say that you need to do a video view ad so that you can have a lot of views and then retarget people who have seen 95% again this is junk traffic! It is not going to convert! And a flashback!

And they were getting 0.8 ROAS and now even with so much testing we are getting 1.82 ROAS in average from our results and also we have scaled! Not to mention that! So this is a shoe brand.

They sell worldwide dancing shoes actually and the owner after having a discussion with representative, I don't know, he wanted to test the consolidation idea. So you have only one ad set and you are trying to train it past the learning phase. I'm not saying that this is not going to work.

I'm saying that in most cases it doesn't work. I'm going to do... I also like to call this the simple method okay?

Because it's a simple way of doing ads but most of the times it doesn't work in problematic accounts that you want to fix. It's working only in good trained accounts. I'm going to explain more about the simple method in another video.

So let's discuss about this account and let's see how this is working. So in order for us... this is the one for example but in order for us to run an ad like this as Facebook is suggesting okay?

It's... we are trying to see something that is possible here okay? And if we see the call traffic ads we see here 59, 69, 69.

So let's say that we want to be in the middle of that and let's say that we have 65 okay? So let's say that the average cost per purchase that we want to achieve over here it's going to be 65. In that case I need to point out that in order for you to be able to understand how to run these ads you need to know your numbers like this.

The average cost per purchase that you want to achieve but something that you have achieved already in the account. Let's go and let's put 60 okay? Because we have achieved 60 over here cost per purchase.

So in order for you to learn... because we are going to do only one asset so what we care about is the budget of our CBO campaign for that. So or ABO whatever you want to do is just one asset.

In order for you to do that you need to do 60 which is the average cost per purchase multiplied by 50 events okay? Which is the theory from Facebook ads. Facebook ads say that in order for you to get past the learning phase you need to have 50 events within the attribution setting that you're putting on the on the asset level.

Our attribution setting of course is going to be seven days, one day view. So you are doing 60 multiplied by 50 events which is 3000 and then you divide this with seven okay? Now this is 428.

This is your budget that you need to have if you want to achieve let's say this amount of sales in the seven days so that you can go out of the learning phase and then Facebook is going to give you better results. I have a video about the learning phase. I don't believe a lot in the learning phase.

I think that ads that they don't pass the learning phase they do equally well as one that passes the learning phase. So here what we have done is this thing and we said okay let's put 500 so that we can be you know better in that process. So we have run the test and these are the results of it okay?

So by spending 500 per day of course I closed it in the sixth day because there was no way that it was going to get 50 sales but the client told me that I could close it at that point. It was a test anyway. So here we can see we have only one ad set and we have used one of the audiences, a broad audience that has worked very well with one of my crazy methods in the past.

We can see that it's spent and the results over here is 0.83. I'm not going to stay in this here which is actually the retargeting but I'm going to stay in some of my optimized campaigns. Okay so in this one we can see that we have in the last seven days 2.26 and we have only one ad set that has actually optimized.

Why? Because we gave it options. This is what I'm trying to say that maybe we were unlucky with this one ad.

I'm guessing that if we do it 10 or 20 times it's going to work but I can tell you from my experience that if even if you pass the learning phase it's not going to be better for you. It's exactly the same as the other ads that they never pass the learning phase but what I'm trying to say is that it's more riskier like this because if this one doesn't work, your daily budget is massive in order for you to get the 50 sales per week and if you do it with another way okay you're not going to spend 5 000 but you're going to spend 354 in the last seven days over here but with better results. Okay and here we can see that we gave different options.

One of them has worked perfect. Let's keep it and let's keep making money out of it. Another one over here, this is one.

This one is in the process of optimizing and I'll tell you about this one but let's watch this one for example. Look here for example you have 18 ad sets. This one was probably in the next days we will close and we will keep those two and we will keep optimizing this campaign which is going to produce us results for a longer period and so on and so on.

So by doing my methods with several ad sets instead of doing just one this is why I'm against the consolidation. Whenever I'm trying it, it doesn't work unless if the account is super trained and for me even in a super trained pixel there is no reason for you to go and actually have this much risk. Do more adsets, learn about optimization and you will have more sustainable results for a longer period.

I know it's a little bit of a complex subject to learn about optimization but this is the future and you should do it. Subscribe to this channel of course and like the video if you liked it. I'm going to try to put more live account videos to show you stuff that are happening and at the end of the day you can always check my book or my free course and until we meet again be creative and be consistent.