Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today you're going to see one of my speeches in one conference that I was invited as a speaker and I think it's super interesting because in 40 minutes or so I sum up a lot of critical things about Facebook Ads like how you optimize CBO, advanced, post campaigns, differences and all of that and I think that you're going to enjoy it. It's also August I guess and maybe you're on the beach and you want some company. I hope that you have better things to do in beach but if you don't there you go, enjoy!

Hello and thank you Skillboosters for inviting me. My name is Kostantinos Zuliaridis, I'm a Facebook and Instagram Ads expert with more than 10 years of experience and today we're going to discuss about the art and science of Facebook advertising, optimizing your campaigns for success. So basically a little bit about me, I'm doing this for the past 10 years.

I'm currently working on more than 45 ad accounts. I've spent more than 100 million across ad accounts. I had my own e-commerce store.

I'm an e-commerce store owner. I sold my store some years ago when I realized that I didn't want to do that anymore but I just wanted to do Facebook ads and I loved understanding more and more the algorithm and I'm the author of the book The Power to Sell Anything and I have my own YouTube channel which is my difficult Greek name, Kostantinos Zuliaridis, where you can find a lot of value and a lot of videos. Our whole philosophy in the channel is all about explaining the algorithm on how it works in a much much much deeper level instead of just following blueprints or stuff that are going to be outdated soon.

My whole philosophy is that you need to learn how the Facebook algorithm is working, adjust, make your own strategies but understand each small button of what it does, why we use it, when we use it and all of that is going to make you a better advertiser at the end of the day. That's all. Let's go a little bit to see what we are going to discuss about today.

We're going to discuss about how the Facebook algorithm optimizes, how to optimize the CBO campaign, how to optimize an Advantage Plus campaign which came to our lives in September and they are very popular and they are working very well and then the ad account structure. Let's go straight away to it because I don't have a lot of time and I can speak about these kind of topics for hours. Now let's discuss about how the Facebook algorithm works.

Most of the times we tend to say that we don't want you to run traffic ads for example and then retarget them because Facebook algorithm is extremely capable of understanding who is going to convert and who is not going to convert. The whole concept here is that Facebook platform and the algorithm has become so good that now understands completely who is going to convert and not. Maybe for example, one example that I like to use is that maybe it understands from our behaviors from the past 10 years.

If I'm spending all of my money during the half of the month and then I don't have money because I wait for my salary, then Facebook knows that it has to show me the ads that I'm more likely to convert within these first 15 days. And I can have more and more and more examples about that but the whole idea is that Facebook knows very well who is going to buy and who is not. In my book I'm saying that Facebook is the magic platform that actually sells to you something that you didn't know that you wanted five seconds ago.

So it is that powerful. But how does it work? So you create one campaign.

We don't tell you to use engagement or traffic ads because of these reasons that we mentioned earlier because Facebook is going to give you all the people that they just go to sites and they don't buy. It can do that. It has so much data in order to do it.

So we use conversion campaigns and we do either our catalog ads, which I like to use mostly about the targeting, but we do catalog ads, we do our Vandals Plus campaigns, we do normal sales campaigns with a conversion event. So what are we doing? We are saying to Facebook, okay Facebook, I want you to optimize for people that they are going to buy.

So whoever is going to buy, find me more people like them. That's the whole concept and this is how it's working. But something that most of the times people don't know is that it has one step before that.

So when you create one campaign, the initial thing that Facebook watches in order to understand if it's going to spend more money in an ad, for example, let's say that we create a CBO campaign which has five ads in site and Facebook wants to decide in which ad set is going to give more budget. CBO campaign means campaign budget optimization campaign. It means that we put a budget in the campaign level and Facebook decides how it's going to spend all of that.

But how it does decide? It decides based on the engagement. This is what most times people miss.

So initially it's going to see the creative that we have. It's going to understand if it's good or bad based on showing it to people and if people interact with it, they like it, they comment to it and whatever. Then it's going to start spending more and more and more money to it.

So at some point it's going to have a sale and then after it's going to get the sale, it's going to say, okay, Konstantinos was a sale. Let me find a similar person like Konstantinos. Then Konstantinos is someone else.

Let me find a similar person like Konstantinos and this other person. And then we have the creation of the hot pockets that we will talk about it in a little bit. So initially we have the engagement.

The engagement is the one that is defining how much Facebook is going to spend in an ad. This is why it's also very important when you're starting your campaigns to watch on the comments and all of that in order to know if this engagement is good. Because if you have bad engagement, guess what?

Facebook cannot recognize that and it's going to spend money on an ad set that is having bad engagement and more and more people that they do this kind of engagement are going to come because this is what Facebook thinks that it's going to help the ad. So initially engagement, this is why we don't use images with videos together because videos, when you scroll down into your feed, they are getting these three seconds auto plays. It's considered engagement.

But when you have an image, the engagement is much more difficult like click, comment, share. It's considered an engagement. So don't use them together when you run your CBO campaigns or Advantage Plus campaigns.

Just do different campaigns for your images, different campaigns for your videos. I have seen images working very well even against videos, but technically it's not correct and you're giving less chances into your images. So we discussed about engagement and how it's working and why it's important at the start of the campaigns to monitor the engagement and see if it's actually good engagement or bad engagement in order for you to continue spending money to these assets.

If you have bad engagement, just close it because it doesn't worth it. But after that, we have the conversion event. The conversion event is what we actually want from Facebook and Facebook is very good at finding more and more people that they use this conversion event.

And now after that point, we have the formation of actually the Hot Pockets. What are the Hot Pockets? So imagine this.

Imagine that you're advertising in the United States and you have an audience of 250 million people that you are targeting. Let's say for the sake of this example that you are not using interests and that we are having, let's say, a broad audience of only men that they like fishing. In this audience, when you are using different creatives, for example, you will have a video about bass fishing or you have a video with boat fishing or a video about lake fishing or river fishing.

So there are sub-neeses within every niche, especially in big niches or even in smaller niches. So the whole point here is this. Can you create different Hot Pockets into these sub-neeses?

The answer is yes. And how can you do it? You can do it with a very simple way.

You can use more than one ad sets with the same targeting. And this is my crazy method and how I use it, which I'm going to explain in a little bit. But the Hot Pockets formation, and we need to explain a little bit of how Facebook creates these Hot Pockets, is completely random.

So a lot of times Facebook is proposing to run just only one ad set, for example, and spend all of your money there. I'm totally against that. Let me tell you why.

If you take the same ad and you run it on Monday, then you close it. You run it on Tuesday, you close it. You run it on Friday, you close it.

You run it on next Monday, you close it. Your results are going to be completely different. The reason for that, okay, by the time, as long as you are optimizing, they are going to just start becoming more and more uniform.

But at the end of the day, you might have a bad day, you might have a good day. Facebook is not at all a stable platform. We have days that everything is doing well.

We have days that everything is doing bad. So in order for you to avoid that, you need to use a lot of ad sets and we will explain a little bit that in the crazy method. But why?

Because we are forming different Hot Pockets. So imagine that. At the start, we have the engagement.

But after that point, let's say that from this engagement, Konstantinos engaged and Konstantinos is a guy that likes river fishing. So then it's going to be a Hot Pocket which is going to be formed, which is going to be the river fishing Hot Pocket because Konstantinos was like this and most probably the next people that is going to come because it's being based on the date of Konstantinos, it's going to be more people on that niche. Or if you have another ad set that has converted, it's going to convert based on the people that are there.

So this is forming Hot Pockets. And the randomness is there. It's completely random who is going to convert initially and then the Hot Pocket is being formed.

So imagine that you have a whole circle which is a 250 million and inside that you have small circles that there are the different Hot Pockets that you are forming. When you're forming Hot Pockets, then you're starting optimizing based on the Hot Pockets. It doesn't mean that you're going to reach all the 250 million people, but you're going to do all of that with the Hot Pocket.

Now after the Hot Pockets, we have also the learning phase, which is another thing that we need to discuss because it really explains the way that you are going to actually, let's say, scale your different ads. So the way that I like to scale campaigns is that I like to always go and create another campaign and not just scale vertically my campaign. What is the learning phase?

The learning phase is the theory from Facebook that says this, that you need 50 events, even if you're optimizing for checkout for example, as a conversion event, you need 50 checkout events. In our case, in our examples, we optimize always for purchase because I never optimize for anything else in e-commerce stores. We need 50 events in the last seven days, which is your attribution setting that you put into your asset level.

Most of the times it's on the bottom and over there you're having basically the attribution setting is the consolidation of the attribution window and the conversion window, which is now called attribution setting. And basically it is this. Facebook is going to use the last seven days data, which in this case it purchases, in order to find more people and optimize your asset.

And this is what the learning phase is. If you put over there one day, then the learning phase is going to stop when you have 50 events in one day. Now I have seen a lot of times, ad sets getting out of the learning phase with much less sales, but I have seen also adsets getting a lot of sales like 50 and then go to learning limited, for example.

Learning limited means that it's your asset is not going to go so well. Let me tell you that I don't look the learning phase or the learning limited a lot because I have seen that without watching them also you can have very good results. So to me it's just a theory that you need to have into your mind, but you don't need to be obsessed with the learning phase because even ads that they go out of the learning phase, I can tell you that they might be doing worse from ads that they are still on the learning phase.

So this is the learning phase and this is how it's working. But the learning phase also says this, that you need to scale your ads 20% every day in order for you not to go back to the learning phase, 20% more as a budget. In my opinion, I don't like that because even if you do it once, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10 times, 11 times, 12 times, at some point it's going to fail.

And when it's going to fail you're going to be left with nothing. So what I propose is you have one campaign, it's working with 50, 100 dollars per day, 500 dollars per day, leave it as it is, do another campaign, duplicate it, start running it with a new ID. Why?

So that you can create other hot pockets because this hot pocket that you are having over there, when you're putting more and more and more budget, then Facebook tries to find either other hot pockets or it's trying to expand this hot pocket. And at some point this is going to fail no matter what. Because the hot pocket that is forming, it's having enough money, the asset is having enough money every day in order to spend in this hot pocket so that it's not going to break it and it's going to serve it for a long time.

If you give more money either it's going to push to try to find another hot pocket or sales in another area or what is going to happen is that it's going to try to expand this hot pocket with catastrophic results. Again, I'm not saying that it's not working, I'm just saying that inevitably at some point your ad sets are going to fail and they're going to lose ROAS. So what is better to keep what is working, keep it for as long as you can and start building up with campaigns instead of building up this one campaign that if you have five bad days of Facebook which is happening a lot of times, it's going to ruin your whole campaign and you won't be able to do nothing.

On the other case, if you have several campaigns you can just lower the budgets, close one of them and you're going to survive. But if you just have one campaign that you're scaling all the time, inevitably at some point you're going to lose it. But by duplicating it, you go for other hot pockets that they have nothing to do with your hot pockets and I don't want to hear anything about competing with your own ads because it doesn't matter guys.

As long as you're getting good return on ads spent in your ad sets, then it doesn't matter at all of what kind of results you are going. If somebody from Meta for example says that this is bad because you're competing with yourself. If I'm competing with myself and I'm getting five ROAS, who cares?

Okay. Of course ROAS is something that is completely different for each other account because you might be selling desks and you need 10 ROAS or you might be selling t-shirts and you might need two ROAS. So the five ROAS was just an example.

Now the pixel and the API, what is this? It's the unique code that we put or now we have the API, which is not a code, but it's server to server integration now and it's reporting back to Facebook what people are doing within our site. So when we are having that, the thing is that with new pixels, you need to continue having data, data, data and APIs of course, you need to continue having data, data, data all the time and more sales and sales because then your pixel is also getting trained and it's actually using all of this data in order to form an ideal avatar client for you.

With many data it understands who is going to be your ideal avatar and then you can do broad targeting like in the example that we have mentioned at the start. But the other thing here is that with new pixels, what we see is that we see a lot of times that we do run some ads for one, two days they are working and then when they are working they just die and this is very typical with new pixels. So the pixels are also helping you in order to create your hot pockets because the more data that they have, the more they actually tend to give you traffic in a specific hot pocket which is going to be created.

So the more data that you have in your pixel, then you can do broad targeting, you can do different campaigns all the time. Let's start discussing a little bit about CBO campaigns and how we need to optimize them and the different structures that we might have. CBO campaign means campaign budget optimization.

We have another way of doing also campaigns which is ABO which is ad set budget optimization. With CBOs it means that we are putting all of our budget into the campaign level and then we let Facebook decide on how much it's going to spend in each one of the adsets. On the other case with ABO it means that we are putting our budget and it's going to be specific for each ad set so we are deciding how much it's going to spend.

The whole point, the thing with CBO is that when it started, I don't remember if it was two or three years ago, I believe it was three or maybe four. The thing with CBO is that when it started, like everything in Facebook, it wasn't working well. It was not performing so well.

So right now, and this is what I like to say also that we do not trust Facebook to all the things that they propose because they are also a company and they want to make money but we do trust the algorithm. So if Facebook is pushing something, eventually it's going to work but we don't need to go like CIPs immediately and start using it because it doesn't mean that it's working immediately. CBOs came to our life, they wasn't working well for six months.

Everybody started using them after that because in 99% of the cases they are winning any other ABO campaign because they are just giving money to the best ad set that is having the best results based on the optimization event that you are actually having. The different structures that you can have here in the CBO campaign, they are these. You can use them with lookalikes, you can use them with interest and you can use them also with my crazy method which I'm going to explain.

The interest side is that you're taking a CBO campaign, you're having a budget and let's say for example you are having $100 budget, then you're seeing what kind of average cost per purchase am I getting in my ad account. If you're getting 20 for example, you're going to do a CBO campaign with $100 budget and 5 adsets which is 5 multiplied 20, it's the $100. You should not put too many adsets because then the CBO budget is not going to be spent in a good way.

Don't forget that all of the budgets are daily and they're resetting daily and you cannot just go and just put something, put for example 50 ad sets with a $100 budget because that means that you want to have cost per purchases. I cannot do the math right now. So let's do the math, let's say that you need 100, let me see guys.

So 100 divided with 50. Yeah, it's too... Sorry for that.

So basically it means that you're asking for $2 cost per purchase to each one of your ad set. That means that Facebook is not obliged to give you that. Nobody invited you to advertise on the Facebook platform and it's your choice.

If you want $2 cost per purchase in order to be able to have profits, that's your problem and not Facebook problem. So be careful what you're doing with your budget and how many adsets you put inside because this is going to define how much is going to be spent across the adsets and if they're not enough, you're not going to have sales. Another thing that you can do is that you can put in your ads as different interests.

Don't forget to group your interests together based on the potential rates that each one of the interest has. And when you are doing that, you will see which one is working very well and which one is having good results. You can close the others and you can keep the one.

Sadly, I cannot explain to you completely on how the CBO optimization is working, but I have live examples into my YouTube channel that you can check. Somebody teaching you how to do Facebook ads is one thing and teaching you optimization, it needs a lot of time and it's a completely different thing. Let's discuss a little bit about the crazy method.

What is the crazy method? The crazy method is a method that I have found when I was doing ads and I first realized about the randomness of the initial results. So I thought to myself, okay, if I'm running these ads and I'm having different results in different days, I'm going to run exactly the same ad a lot of times so that I can try to limit my exposed to risk of having bad results if I use just one ad set.

Another thing is that when I was spending millions and millions in an ad account, I realized that I would never be able to reach all of the people even by spending these millions, by just having one ad set or two ads or three ads or a normal CBO campaign with different interests. If I found, for example, just for a reason that one interest was working very well with a set of creatives and I was spending $500, $1,000, $5,000 per day on this one, that still would be a very slow progress in order to reach all of the people of the audience. What I realized is that I could find more ways of doing it and that was the crazy method.

But what is the crazy method? The crazy method is, let's say for example that in our previous example you have a CBO campaign and you have five interests and you see that one of the interests is working very well and you have very good ROAS. Instead of you increasing the budget on this one, you just take and you duplicate this ad set inside a new CBO campaign with a new ID and you're putting now this ad set five times.

All of the ads are going to be exactly the same. The creative is going to be the same, the copy is going to be the same, everything is going to be the same. And when you're having that, you are creating different hot pockets, what we mentioned earlier.

You are having also though, different randomness of the initial results because maybe Costantino is going to be the first sale or someone else. So it's not only the hot pockets, but it's also the randomness of the initial results that you are combating because if you have a bad day, maybe some of them are going to work. Third thing is that you are able to go in an audience of 250 million people and try to reach faster and faster and faster, more hot pockets because with just one ad set, you won't be able to actually reach all of the people that you want.

The crazy method is not a method for beginners and it's not a method that you should use when you are starting your ad account. You should try to do tests with normal CBO campaigns, with interest, with lookalikes, with everything. And then when you find something working, then use it on the crazy method in order for you to be able to scale.

The crazy method has the same optimization as a normal CBO campaign. You can watch videos again, as I said, but just to give you a little bit of context here, the CBO optimization is all about having the different ad sets. If some of the ads are not producing the results that we want, we just turn them off.

And then what we do is that we are left with, let's say, for example, two ad sets. We see what they are spending in the previous day and we try to maintain the same budget because the more you turn off an ad set, the more you liberate budget to the others and maybe you're going to disturb hot pockets if you do so. That's a very general thing in order to understand and stimulate you a little bit, in order to watch a little bit the videos and understand.

There are cases that you don't have to lower your budget, for example, into your CBO campaign if you have more ads left and so on. But I don't want to keep talking about that because I will make it super complicated and I don't want. I think that if you watch videos, you will understand more about the ABO optimization.

There's a new trend in the Facebook ads. It's about consolidation and it's coming completely from the Facebook Meta side. When Facebook is saying something, you can just ignore it and do whatever is working for you on the ad account.

This is not negotiable because it's your money. But you need to keep into your mind that this is what Facebook wants to do at the end of the day and maybe in one year, in two years, maybe in six months, it's going to be the new thing. And consolidation was one of the things that Meta was pushing a lot.

They don't want you to do a lot of ads. I'm completely different. I do a lot of ads and I like it and I have very good results.

But I have in my mind that eventually, maybe the platform is going to become a platform that really likes consolidation and just having only one ad. And this is when the Advantage Plus came in the previous September. What is Advantage Plus?

Advantage Plus is a new type of campaign that basically in this campaign, there are presets that there are specific settings that Meta is deciding for you what kind of settings they want you to put. From automatic placements, you're just influencing the targeting of the country. It's even broad targeting.

You cannot even use interest. They're going to do some changes about that in terms of excluding some areas and zip codes, some ages, but this is going to happen most probably at the end of the year. And whenever we talk about changes, they happen gradually in ad accounts and they don't happen all of them together.

So basically, this is the Advantage Plus. It's a preset campaign which is having specific settings. The only thing that you're refreshing is the creative.

And this is what I believe that Facebook wants to do. They want you to reach at some point that everyone can go to the platform, they can start using it, they can start spending money and they are going to have only one thing to do. Find a good copy and a good creative and most probably later this is going to be done also by an AI.

So this is how it's working. But let's discuss a little bit about the optimization and how the Hot Pockets are being created over there. When the Advantage Plus came, everybody realized that, I knew it, but everybody realized that the Hot Pocket optimization is happening because of the ad, of the creative.

And it makes total sense. One example that I like to use is that, let's say for example a car. If you have a car which is actually something that people buy for different reasons and you put a video with the car that you drive and a beautiful lady next to it, then you go for the niche of the people that they buy a car for the lifestyle.

If you put the specs, then you go for the niche of the people that they like to buy a car with the specs and so on. So with different creatives, you can go and you can target different markets. And this is something that Advantage Plus is doing very well because you are having just one ad set, broad, all preset settings and you have completely different creatives so that Facebook can create different Hot Pockets.

So the Hot Pockets, we know from that, that are being formed not in the ad set level that we have our interest targeting or our targeting in general in that case, but they are being formed in the ad level. And why? Because the pixel is there.

We are saying that I want you to use this pixel over there and the pixel is the one that is forming the Hot Pockets that we are targeting. So basically, the Advantage Plus is this campaign that you can use more than 200 ads over there. I believe it's either 150 or 250.

I don't remember, but there's no way that someone would do so many. And you're just having one ad set and all of these inside and then Facebook decides how to spend. But how do you optimize a campaign like this?

Well, the truth is that this kind of campaign is completely different from the CBO and has completely different optimization. Because over here, the budget is going to be distributed among the ads, but not in the ad set level, but it's going to be distributed in the ad level. And in the ad level, what is going to happen is that you are going to observe, each one of you, that you are running Advantage Plus campaigns or if you run in the future, you will see that there is always a dominant ad.

There is an ad which is taking all of the budget and there are another two leading ads. Most of the times there are three ads, even if you have 150 or 20, there are going to be three ads that they are taking most of the budget. And now it's up to you to monitor if your leading ad is the one that you want, even from the third day or second day or fourth day, depending on how fast your results are being attributed.

And if you are selling high ticket items, for example, that you have to be a little bit more flexible and wait. But even from the second day, from a brand that is selling items in the comfort zone costs, like $25 or $30, even on the second day, third day, you can go there and you can see if your dominant ad, it's actually giving you what you want. For example, if you go there and your break-even ROAS is on three and you're seeing that your dominant ad is spending most of the budget with 1.9 ROAS, there is no way that this campaign is going to recover.

If you have high ticket items, maybe you need to wait more because one sale can mean a lot, especially at the start of the campaign in terms of ROAS. But in general, you get my point. You need to monitor the dominant ad and if the dominant ad is not working in a way that you want, that means that you need to just turn it off and let the budget go to the others.

Now, if you're blessed enough and you have the two other leading ads with the second and third spending of the campaign to have some good results, then that means that the spend is going to go there. If those are not also good, then it means that you need to continue doing that process until you have a dominant ad which is going to give you the results that you want. In CBO campaigns, you're working with average results and you're looking, if you have 10 ads for example, you're looking to have a good average result in between your ad sets because some of them can be the volume and some of them can be the quality ROAS ad sets.

In the Advantage Plus campaigns, the thing that you need to watch is the dominant ad because without the dominant ad which is spending the majority of the budget, you're not going to have good results. So the way that you optimize it is this and if you want to learn more about it, I have several videos also in my YouTube channel about that with actual case studies. Now, let's talk a little bit about ad account structure because we talked about CBO, we talked about the Advantage Plus campaigns but I think it's also time to discuss a little bit about the structure.

The structure that you need to have into your ad account, for me, it doesn't have to be simple and a lot of times agencies are pushing this concept because it's easier for them to manage. But as a person that I personally do the ads for my clients and yes, with all of these accounts, I still do them because I need to keep producing content for my YouTube channeled everything and they don't want to become outdated. For all of these specific cases, let me tell you that I'm using a lot of campaigns, maybe a lot of Advanced Plus, a lot of CBO campaigns, if both of them are working equally well on the account, many of them.

The truth is that you can do up to eight Advanced Plus campaigns and of course, if you do eight Advanced Plus campaigns, most probably we're talking about ad accounts that they're spending 200-300k. In ad accounts that they're spending on the range of half a million, you will have to do a mix of CBO campaigns and Advanced Plus campaigns for sure. But in smaller ad accounts, you can either go with only CBO campaigns, only Advanced Plus campaigns.

It's up to what is working better into your ad account. My disagreement is going with only one campaign for the reasons that we discussed earlier about the fact that the hot pockets that are going to be formed, if you just keep increasing the budget over there, eventually they're going to fail and you're going to be left with nothing. So it's better to have a structure with several campaigns, with different creatives from different periods, try to keep them all live, try to have them spend what they have to spend in order to be profitable and just try to scale your account like this by doing several campaigns and not just by scaling one campaign.

Let's go and discuss a little bit about the average results over here. One big mistake that I see that people do is that, for example, you have 10 campaigns in your ad account and you're seeing that one of them is having, let's say that your break-even ROAS is three and you're seeing that one of them is having four ROAS. So you say, okay, perfect, this is a good campaign and you see another campaign having two ROAS and you say, okay, I'm going to close this one.

The answer is no. You need to watch the average results. You need to have the same way that we have in the CBO campaign, you need to see your campaigns in a level of ad account.

So if in average you are getting 3.5, you should not close the two because the two is also volume and there's no such thing as I'm scaling and my ROAS are also higher every time that I scale. When we are scaling, the ROAS are dropping and everybody is telling that. Whoever is not telling that most probably it's lying.

So the situation is that when you are having even a campaign which is not doing well, you need to still watch the average because the moment you're going to close, for example, one campaign or replace it with another, you don't know what kind of balances are going to be created inside your ad account. And yes, the ad accounts are also getting trained and I have seen this extensively because there are times that I'm spending more than 50 or 60k in an ad account and there are ad accounts that they don't let you spend. They have a hidden spending limit because they are afraid that if you get hacked, somebody is going to spend 50k or 60k and you need to ask for the permission to spend more and so on.

So in cases that I would like to spend for some period 50k, 60k per day and the ad account has 40k limit, I'm using other ad accounts in the business manager. And I can tell you that the results of the first ad account which is having most of the data and it's having all of these years of data and spending and all of that, they cannot compare even with 40k spend and the others are spending 5k, the other accounts are spending 5k with the same creative, same target, same everything. The results are completely different and the ad account with the big spend it's having much, much, much better results from the ad accounts that they don't have a lot of spend and they're fairly new comparing to the main one.

So yes, the ad accounts are also getting trained. One last thing that I want to mention before we close, it's a very complex topic for me but for me it's one of the fundamentals to know into your Facebook ads about the Hot Pockets, how to optimize CBO campaigns, how to optimize Advantage Cash campaigns and then everything else in terms of your philosophy is going to change if you start embracing these ideas and you start using them and understanding them. One last thing and this is the bonus of the presentation today.

If you are having something that is working, first of all don't touch it, just do another campaign, duplicate it but even if let's say for a period and we mentioned earlier about pixels that are new and for two three days they're having good results. The reason for that by the way is that Facebook wants to give you a push, it wants to give you a sale or two in the first one or two days in order for you to get some sales so that your ads can continue optimizing. So this is how Facebook is doing it and we know that the first 24-48 hours are always good because of that reason.

And the thing is that when you're having your pixels you are having this effect. Two, three days good results, then they die and then you have to do it again. And a lot of times people go an extra step and they say I have to do something else, this is not working anymore.

No, if something is working as a campaign, first of all as we said you don't touch it, but even if you touch it and it's ruined, duplicate it and start it all over again. Do relaunches. Relunches are very important and you don't have to reinvent the wheel every time that some of your ads are failing because of some bad days.

Or if you have a new pixel and you're having two good days into your ads and then they just die and what are you going to do? You will just have to try something completely different. No, just try just try again the same thing which is which is being explained from what we said in this presentation.

New hot pockets, it's going to optimize again and so on. Randomness of the initial results are very, it's a very important concept that you need to understand. And the relaunches over here are a very important tool because after some point when you're having something working, it doesn't mean that you cannot revive it.

Just duplicate it, run it the next time, the next day at 6am in the morning and you will see that it's going to start producing sales again and again and you can do it several times. One small thing, the more you do it, the more you will see that this campaign is going to have a smaller lifespan and just try to not do it super extensively, especially with new pixels. Just wait two or three days in order to see if your ads are not working.

The whole point of you having a new pixel starting your new business is that you need to have consistency. At the start with most brands, we don't care about profitability. If the profitability is there, it's fine.

But we do care about having consistency in our results, having one sale per day, one sale per day. We don't care about having three sales in one day and then for four days no sales and then three sales the other day. We don't like that because it means that our pixel is not ready to start doing serious ads.

So relaunches are going to help you a lot, even in old ad accounts that you had something working and it stopped or in new pixels that you are having this inconsistency of results and you need to launch campaigns all the time until you are having some solid results. That's all I had. I hope that you liked this presentation.

I hope that you took some value out of it. I would like to thank you if you stayed until the end and you are not bored from me talking. I'm going to put this slide over here which is having my website where you can see my free course of course and my paid course, my mail and you can see also the link for my YouTube channel which is my name and then I have a Facebook group where we have a community and people ask questions and we answer there and also my Instagram.

So I hope you liked it. I didn't want to lose it. I just wanted also to put it into my YouTube channel so that I can have it and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.