Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about some new pop-ups that you see when you duplicate campaigns and if you have to use the one option or the other. As the time passes by, we know that the Advanced Plus campaigns are working very well. I have a lot of case studies, I showed you how to optimize them and now Meta wants to push it more and more and more and tries to make you do more Advanced Plus campaigns.

On the other hand, I can tell you that in the United States you have a limit of eight Advanced Plus campaigns per account, which is not an issue because we have a lot of other strategies so that we can continue scaling our ad accounts. That being said, when you're duplicating now in some ad accounts, not in all of them, you're going to see this option over here. This option, it gives you the ability of being able to go from a normal campaign, CBO campaign for example, to an Advanced Plus campaign.

What it does is that even if you have several adsets or whatever, or if you have one ad set maybe, it's going to be triggered. It's going to, if you click the first option, it's going to create an Advanced Plus based on the creatives that you have there. I had a clever idea, but it didn't work sadly.

I thought that what if I do dynamic creative ads and I put all of my creatives and all of my copies there, is it going to create a lot of different ads. The truth is that it didn't. It just took the first creative and the first copy and created an ad.

But on the other hand, we know that Advanced Plus campaigns are a little bit buggy. You go to the ad, then when you go out, it takes you to the campaign level and so on. They have some bugs.

So it's better for you if you are able, for example, to work in a normal CBO campaign or, for example, very annoying in Advanced Plus campaigns. You duplicate your ad and it doesn't take you to the new complicated ad. It takes you to, you are staying to the one that you are there.

So if you don't click on over there, you're just changing the creative and the copy into the ad that you have already added everything that you wanted to add. A very annoying, super frustrating sometimes to work with Advanced Plus. Okay, by the time you're getting used to it and you know how to go around all of that.

But at the end of the day, what I want to say is that, okay, if you want to work a little bit faster, let's say that you do a normal CBO campaign, just one ad set, then you go and you do add one, add two, add three, add four, add five. You do it in a ABO or CBO campaign. You have everything that you want there and then you just duplicate it and you do it in Advanced Plus campaign without having all of these problems of working, taking you back to campaign level or duplicating and making mistakes and all of that.

In other words, it's just a button that's going to help you work a little bit faster if you want with Advanced Plus. It doesn't change anything. If you have any campaign that is working very well, you can duplicate it like this and see what kind of ads it's going to give you on the Advanced Plus.

But other than that, it's not anything crazy. I think it's a little bit of a good way for working faster and creating faster ads into your ad account if you have limited time like myself. If you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can check my book and my free course and my paid course and my website and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent guys.