Hello Facebook Catch People! I'm Kostantinos and today, before we even start, what happened recently to the channel? We reached 1000 subscribers.

Thank you very much guys and we will have to celebrate it! Okay, I need some seconds to open it. I was trying to do it in another way.

I failed miserably, I don't know why. Cheers to you! And now let's go for 100k!

What do you do for a living? You sell makeup? I love the car!

Have a good one! Thousands of tears later! Excuse me, sir, what do you do for a living?

I'm an e-commerce store owner in 2022. So, after the introduction today, I would like to talk a little bit about the changes on the Facebook platform. What are my predictions for the future?

If I think that the Facebook ads are now expensive etc etc. So, let's start! Okay, so as you all know, we have a war in Ukraine which is actually impacting the whole humanity.

We have several issues, goods that they cannot arrive to their destinations and all of this kind of stuff. I don't want to make this video a political thing about who is right or who is wrong. I have my own opinions but it doesn't matter because 10 other people will have another opinion and this channel is not about that.

But I need to say this, a war is never good for the economy. Okay? And someone can have 1000 reasons to do a war for his country, it doesn't matter.

But if we talk here and we are here to talk about business and economy, you have to understand that when you are having a war, it's never good for the economy. We have all of this inflation. What does the inflation do?

It makes people spend less money on other stuff. What do we do? We do marketing.

We sell stuff through e-commerce or services or whatever. So people are going to have less money to spend in these kind of things, for example, because their electricity bill is higher and they will have to spend more money there. So the more you are making the middle class poor, the less money it has to spend into the e-commerce.

And everything is being driven by the middle class. The middle class, and I might sound like a communist now, I don't know, but, or a socialist. But the middle class actually is the one that is fueling all the economies.

You can see that the countries that they're having better and better economies, they are the ones that they have a stronger middle class. Why? It can be more people on the middle class.

The rich people are a small percentage. The poor people, they cannot buy. So the middle class is the one that is driving the economies.

And one of the economies that we care about is the e-commerce. And we know that our Facebook ads are better. Why?

In some countries they are better. Because they have better middle class income and stuff. This is why we target the countries that they have bigger GDP, which is the income per person in each country.

So that we can define if we will have good results or better chances of converting. So I was in Spain the other time and I found this. This is Mr.

Putin. Look what he did to the global economy. He did this.

He actually took a big shit in the whole economy. And now we have all of these problems. And again, this is not a political thing.

This is about the current situation and why I believe that Facebook ads are more expensive or we have less sales right now in our e-commerce stores in general. So this is the situation so far. But before we go to my computer to show you some general data with graphics and stuff that I have gathered, I need to point out also something else.

There are some good news that most probably we will see after 2023. Of course, the economy, it has to improve. If the economy doesn't improve, there are no good news to a bad economy.

So if the economy improves, we will see actually better results on Facebook ads. More people are buying. Okay.

So we have more people buying. If we still have inflation and we have all of these kinds of problems, less people are going to buy. It's going to be more difficult for us to have better results, better cost per conversion, better CPMs, whatever.

So the situation is this. But let me tell you something a little bit about reporting. I have the luxury of talking with several people that they have multimillion dollar companies and so on.

There are some companies that they have some private solutions in terms of reporting. And I have seen accounts that they have 100% reporting, correct reporting. Okay.

Even better reporting before iOS. They have 100% reporting. Why they are not using this as a product in order to sell it to everyone else who has an e-commerce store?

Let me tell you what is happening here. It's illegal. They are doing it with a way that it's illegal, which I cannot say over here, but they have found a way of tricking iOS devices and Facebook and whoever is in the middle of that information.

And they are bypassing it with an illegal way, as I say, that they cannot actually announce as a product and sell to other people. So they are doing it privately for their own customers. The situation is that Facebook and Apple actually knows about that.

And the truth is that I have seen in some other videos from other channels that Facebook actually likes this approach because they think that Facebook wants to become a marketplace that you are going to buy and sell the products within Facebook. This is not true. Facebook was not built to become an Amazon.

Amazon was built to be an Amazon. And we see that people are converting inside there. Facebook was not built through that way.

And we can see all the problems that they have with shop ads. I have videos that I'm showing how they behave and I'm going to make actually another update video about this. And guess what?

They have even lower ROAS from what they used to have from my last video. The situation is even harder. So the problem here is that Facebook cannot become a platform that is going to sell all the products within because it wasn't built like that.

Does Facebook want to actually have sales being reported from all the other sites? Of course! It's information that is coming from other sites and they are actually coming to Facebook so that Facebook can have a better algorithm.

It's going to convert better or whatever. And something else. If Facebook wasn't interested in that, it wouldn't buy WhatsApp so that it can gather information from other places also, so that it can bring them back to Facebook and Instagram.

So, I don't get the idea of some people saying that Facebook actually is comfortable with this and they don't want anything to change because they like this new situation and they want to evolve to another platform. This is total BS. It's not going to happen, first of all.

And second thing is that their platform is not built like this. And the third thing is that they actually don't want this because they want all of the information to come within Facebook so that they can improve their algorithm and everything. Facebook knows that.

Apple, on the other side, knows that too. So, they are collaborating right now. And they are talking together because they know that there are some people that they have found ways of actually going there and being able to overcome these issues.

And they say, okay, the beef between me and you, it's over. Let's find a solution because we are making a lot of money and some other people are making money because of us, because of our conflict. So, let's be friends again and let's now make money together through that situation.

So, what is going to happen is this. There is a long discussion between Apple and Facebook right now trying to find a solution about this. And I believe that in 2023, we will have new announcements about the reporting and the reporting is going to be fixed forever while there is going to be protection for the users of Apple.

So, I think that this is going to be major because right now, one of the biggest problems that we have, it's the reporting and that we are not getting proper data in order to optimize our ads. Okay, I'm going to show you now some graphs from the current situation on Facebook. First of all, we will start with Facebook spend, the daily average.

This is a graph that explains what was happening on 2022 and 2021. We can see that on 2021 people were actually spending more money in the same period of the year. And then if we see here based on the previous month, we can see also that people in June, they are actually spending less money from what they were spending in May.

Now, let's watch a little bit the CPMs. For me, the most important thing is the CPMs. The CPMs is what is actually explaining to us and I'm going to make most probably a different video about that on how expensive are our ads this period.

For example, we know that in the period of the elections for the United States between Biden and Donald Trump, the CPMs skyrocketed because everybody was advertising during the election period. This is also a very good indicator for us to understand if it's an expensive period or a cheap period. We can see here that compared to the previous year, the same period, the CPMs were actually lower and now they have increased.

That means that the advertisement cost has increased. Okay, if you were getting purchases for $20, now maybe you're getting them for $20, $23. Again, these are average results between e-commerce stores.

Okay, we can see that we have one period over here, which is 9 and 10 of June that we could see that they were on the same place. And then we see that they are actually in this range from the start of May, they have actually increased from 14 even to 18 average. And now they're dropping back to 16, but I don't know if it's going to continue.

I can see this also on my Facebook ads. I can see that the advertisement is more expensive. Also, we can see that based on the previous month, at the end of May, we were having lower CPMs.

May was actually a good month for Facebook advertisers. And now that we see that June compared to May, it was actually more expensive in terms of advertisement. And sometimes even with significant numbers.

So here we can see that the skyrocketing on 18, when in average here we can see that it's between 14 and 15 dollars. Now, let's talk a little bit about revenue. We can see that on the previous years, the companies were making higher revenue compared to what they do.

But also we can see that in the previous month, the companies made bigger revenue. I don't think that this has to do anything with the higher stages. I think that this is global economy and inflation that we see over here.

That as we move inside the summer, we see that the prices are rising, rising, rising. I can see it every day on the supermarket, on the gas that I put on my car, which I'm not even going to discuss. It's tragic.

And then we have also the conversion rate, which also explains the things that I was talking about. How much money does someone has in order to buy? Of course, if someone doesn't have enough money and we have all of the inflation, it's going to be a situation that we are going to see less conversion rates, okay?

Smaller conversion rates, because people don't have the money to follow. And we can see that compared to the previous year, the conversion rate has actually increased. This can be explained compared to the previous year due to the fact that even if we have lesser reporting, we can see that people are buying more, okay?

So the data that we have from reporting are not being reported on the ROAS and staff. As reported in the platform. But in reality on the store, when we see the conversion rates, we can see that they have increased.

And then compare it to the previous month. I consider these conversion rates kind of the same based on the graph. There are some periods that are the same, some periods they're higher, some periods they're lower.

So I think that we have a situation where the average has stayed the same. We can see here that it increased by 3.52%, which I don't consider it a lot. Okay.

And let's talk a little bit about ROAS, which is the last thing that I want us to see. We can see that based on the last year, the return on investment has increased by 1.7%. For me, it's not a big change.

I think that this is the same. Now, how does this compare with the thing that we said about smaller spendings? It's a thing that I'm saying to a lot of my videos.

I believe that the companies actually adapt and they have increased their upper at shorter value for the items. They have better bundle offers and stuff because they don't have so much spend. At least the spend that they have, they are going to have better return on investment.

Also, we know that the less you spend, the better return on investment you are getting on your results. So I think that these are the two factors that we see that the return on investment has actually increased a little bit compared to the previous year. But we see that compared to the previous month, the return on investment has actually decreased by 4.58%.

This is what I had to tell you. I think that we're going to make another video like this at the end of the year. Okay?

Evaluating the results, seeing what happened like we did on the previous year actually. And I have seen that you liked it. So I'm thinking of making these videos every six months to update you about the situation with Facebook ads and what I see, how I interpret these graphics and I will see you for the closing of this video.

So that's all I had. The bad news, the good news that I had about Facebook and my predictions for the future. Some of those are not predictions because I'm talking with people that they are actually talking inside these negotiations with Apple and Facebook, unless if they are lying to me.

Thank you very much for the 1.000 subscribers. I think right now we are 1.100. It's increasing faster now.

Subscribe, be creative and be consistent. Thank you.