Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about my Facebook Ads philosophy for 2025. A lot of things have happened the previous year. We have the Rapid Fire which in my opinion didn't work really well.

For sure you can check the podcast over here for the Rapid Fire to understand what it was and another way for us to test creatives fast. I have realized that I wouldn't like to test 10 creatives at the time but five it was better. Also from the feedback that I took from people using it.

Then I have realized that I would like to lower the budget immediately so these are the changes and in the ad accounts that I took I have learned to work more with the one variable rule actually where I was actually doing a proven structure with new creatives or working creatives with another structure that I wanted to test. This was also a big part of what I was doing. These are the two things which are which I consider that we should not analyze a lot.

You can go and test them and do whatever you want them. One variable thing it's something that I have done many videos in the previous year explaining it and I'm using it a lot. Of course this year we're going to work a lot with average results again and I'm going to make a video specifically for that showing in other accounts why I like to use them and how we're going to work with multiple campaigns.

Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. Of course we have a very big chapter which is the introduction of the daily loop theory.

We have already four video series that they're actually showing what is the daily loop theory, why you cannot scale, how you can scale, how you can break the loop of actually having cannibalization between your campaigns because you're not targeting different hot pockets and all of that. We have also the last video that we are showing another account which is breaking the daily loop and how this is working. So the daily loop theory came to our lives for good and I've seen more and more people understanding why they cannot scale and how they can actually have better results because now they do understand what is happening and what is the problem.

The biggest thing I believe in the previous year was the daily loop that it was a new concept that we had. The rapid fire while it was looking you know promising it didn't do that well. We had also some changes for 2025 we have the health and wellness that we still don't know what's going to happen.

So we're going to see if we're going to have any issues with that. So in my previous Facebook Ads philosophy I was talking more about having seven ASC campaigns and then start doing CBO campaigns. Now this thing has been removed, we can only do ASC campaigns.

I really enjoy working only with ASC campaigns in the ad accounts that they are working and actually having only ASC campaigns. Why? Because they are more resilient.

I can scale them and decrease the budget and increase the budget whenever I want. They are being less influenced. So CBO campaigns they're going a little bit on the side for other accounts that ASC is not working.

You can still do the stacked lookalikes which are working pretty well. Crazy method. You can still use the crazy method with something that is working.

You can still do normal CBOs and optimize them. These things are still working. It's not like they are not working.

We just prefer ASC wherever it's working because there are more stable campaigns and not the type of CBO difficult campaigns that they are getting, you know, really easy, influenced and they have problems. So this is one change, a little bit of a change that we are working more now with ASC campaigns to the ad accounts that it's working and with average results, multiple campaigns. We have the daily loop as we discussed and all of the things that are helping us in order for us to scale more and more and more.

Another thing which is big is introduction of more cost caps and bit caps basically on 2025. I have realized by playing a lot with them in 2024 that in the ad accounts that they are working you can just go and you can scale even further with those because they are helping you to find the actual potential scaling of each one of the creatives that you are actually using and how much you can scale it without risking losing your campaign. So now in my bigger accounts and the ad accounts that they are scaling, I'm having always a mix of cost caps, speed caps and normal campaigns.

Most of them are going to be ASC. It's going to be multiple campaigns. It's going to be working with average results.

It's going to be understanding the daily loop theory and trying to expand with more countries, more creatives and all of that. And of course, it's going to be working with average result at the end and not just seeing each one campaign individually after you finish with the optimization. The optimization on CBO and ASC hasn't changed.

We have the same principles that we used to have and the same way of optimization as we used to do it. So no changes over there on that part. Nothing has changed on the part of the way that we scale with multiple campaigns and not preferring the 20% rule.

We don't care about the learning phase as we used to not care about the learning phase. We don't use AI enhancements on the ad level because they are not offering anything and they are just causing problems while we haven't seen any good results. Flexible ads.

It wasn't anything good on my end. I haven't seen them working except from some friend of mine which is doing them in a small account without anything crazy. So for sure it was a fail from Meta side the flexible ads comparing to the dynamic creative ads that they were working really well.

I didn't like them that much and I'm not using them but maybe it's because I'm using more ASC campaigns right now which I'm finding more stable. So this was just a recap of what I'm going to do in 2025. Most likely it's going to be more ASC campaigns, optimizing on ASC, on problematic accounts, CBO campaigns, still using Interest and Lookalikes and all of that if I see that this is the most cost efficient way to train my pixel.

Not necessarily using Broad wherever, in all the ad accounts treating them the same way. More cost caps and bit caps for sure because they're helping me scale more ad accounts. More ASC campaigns to the ad accounts that's working because they're more stable.

More increasing and decreasing of the budget while I wasn't doing that I will do it more on the ASC campaigns because it's behaving better especially on the ad accounts that I cannot do cost caps and bit caps in order to scale even further. Average results are going to be the same. Working with multiple campaigns is going to be the same.

Daily loop theory is going to be now part of our main philosophy and the way that we treat ad accounts when we try to scale them. Less CBO, less crazy methods sadly but still the crazy method is helping smaller ad account owners to do well. It has its own way of working but you don't have to do it in bigger ad accounts necessarily because you're having the ASC and it's faster and it's optimizing easier.

CBO optimization is more difficult. ASC optimization is actually much more easy to teach to people and because of the fact that we're having a really dominant ad inside you can scale up and down when you have problems. In January that I'm video shooting this one we had a very bad weekend at the start of January and we had the 20 and 21 I believe, Monday and Tuesday that were very bad days for January for various and different reasons but at the end of the day I have seen that in these periods that we have some bad results.

The CBO campaigns couldn't actually keep up comparing to the ASC campaigns that you can just lower the budget you know and maintain them while the CBO campaigns especially if they had several ads inside they were losing their optimization. So I'm going to move a little bit away to the ad accounts that ASC is working. I'm going to work more with ASC campaigns and work with the average results and all of that.

Other than that the other thing that we're going to change is adding creatives inside the campaign but only with the concept that I'm going to give you now. For example if you have a campaign which is dying and you want to revitalize it you are going because the Hot Pocket has already been formed you can just go inside and you can add other creatives as long as they're in the same niche or angle so that they can resonate with the Hot Pocket that has already been created and the optimization is going to continue. As long as you do it like this no problem I'm also going to do it and this is part of my next philosophy about philosophy, my next strategy about Black Friday that I'm going to keep all of my Black Friday ads and I'm just going to close the Black Friday creatives and toss inside Christmas creatives because still it's the same thing.

It's an angle of selling having a promo so this is something that's going to change the next year. I haven't tested it this year so this year is going to be the first year so in theory I believe it's going to work. I don't know how it's going to do.

That's all guys. I think this is covering the whole philosophy that we're going to follow for 2025 of course maybe during the 2025 we're going to have something new coming like the previous year having the daily loop theory coming and we're going to be here in this channel discovering and learning better Facebook ads as always. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website, you can also check my mentorship programs and below that you can see all the testimonials from people completing them or still being part of them and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.