Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today we're going to discuss about my Facebook Ads philosophy for 2024. This video is going to be a theory video. We're going to discuss a little bit about all the things that we have learned so far from the previous year and what I think is going to change in this year.

I'm not going to go into my PC for this one but I'm going to create individual videos for lookalikes 2024, manual bidding 2024, all the different things that we are going to do for 2024. Let's start first of all from saying that broad targeting is going to be the king for 2024. We have Advantage Plus campaigns that are working pretty well.

Most of my philosophy for 2024 is going to be focusing a lot in Advantage Plus campaigns. I'm going to talk right now for trained ad accounts okay and scaling and we're going to talk about new ad accounts on the second part of the video. So trained ad accounts.

Focus mostly on creatives of course because creatives are going to help you scale. What you can do is that you can do Advantage Plus campaigns and have different creatives each time. In these different creatives basically you can go and convince people to buy your products from different aspects.

The example that we use with the car always on how you can convince people to buy something because you are driving a car in an ad which has a beautiful lady next to you and you buy it for the lifestyle. For the specs when you show the horsepower or for the aesthetics because you watch it and you like it from the outside. There are different ways to convince people.

The more ads you put with different angles the more you are actually attacking your niche to find some niches that they are going to work. People are buying things for different reasons. For example, you might have an air condition and somebody is going to watch the ad while their air condition has broken.

Just a stupid example to understand. So it's all about timing but it's all about the different options that you're going to have into your ad account. So creatives are going to be very important especially right now that Facebook is going to try to let us influence less and less the options and what we're going to try to do within the ad account.

For example, we have the different Advantage Plus features from automatic placements, from CBO, from targeting options, all of that. And of course the Advantage Plus campaign which the only thing that you can do is optimization in Advantage Plus level which most people don't do anyway. They just leave the ads.

And the second thing is to use different creatives. So the game is transitioning a little bit more to creatives. They have also this all of these new features for AI to enhance the creatives and all of that.

So they try to automate it basically in a platform that you're going to just put your creative and Facebook is going to take all the decisions for you. Is this going to be true? Not in my opinion because even in Advantage Plus I have found a way of optimizing the Advantage Plus campaigns that they are doing provenly better from just leaving it as it is because the algorithm is not going to be always correct.

Sorry. And it's going to make mistakes and this is the area that we will have to intervene. We're going to cover more how we optimize Advanced Plus campaigns and CBO campaigns in the specific videos that I'm going to make for that.

But I think that you get my point that more and more people are going to start advertising and the only thing that they're going to care about is the creatives. And then we will have some people like me or other experts that we are going to go a little bit deeper and do some optimization. But I think that the biggest key over here in scaling and I'm talking to bigger at accounts is how you're going to maintain the ROAS while you are scaling.

And this is what we're going to discuss right now. So the Advanced Plus campaigns came and they helped us scale a lot because they lowered the CPMs. And the other thing is that when it comes to other things like in trained at accounts, the only limitation that we had was the eight Advanced Plus campaigns and that we could do per country, which was a little bit limiting.

And after that, I had to do crazy method, broad targeting or crazy method, stacked lookalikes, which is one of the three things that are the major things that I'm doing in trained at accounts. Advanced Plus campaigns, when I cannot do more Advanced Plus campaigns. I'm doing crazy method, broad targeting and I'm doing crazy method, stacked lookalikes.

These are working flawlessly. You have seen the case studies, I guess, and we can put them here for you to watch them. But this is how you manage to scale.

What else was a big learning for me this year? Plank in ad accounts in a bigger level of spending 300k, 500k, 600k, 700k, because the case studies is just a fraction of the ad accounts that I'm showing to you. There are ad accounts that I'm spending much more.

I know that you want to see them. When you spend more, you need to have also better profit margins or a break-even ROAS, which is going to be lower. I don't know how the ad accounts that I showed you are going to do this year if we manage to go to 1 million spent, for example, in the next product Friday with 6 ROAS or 5 ROAS.

But the moment that I will show another account spending 1 million with one ROAS, most people are going to come and say that this is not good or bad or whatever. So I'm just showing you things, but this doesn't change the content, okay, because the content stays the same and you can see, for example, I have a business which is a subscription mode business, which is having 0.8 of us and we're scaling because we're building the audience that is going to have recurring customers after that. But I don't want to go into battles explaining all of that and everything and show you 1 million spent and having a stupid comment there saying, yeah, I can scale also having 1 million spent with 0.8.

Okay, so that's the case. But still, with the case studies that I showed you, you are learning and you're understanding how it's working and what we're going to do this year. The biggest lesson that I had this year was that not only in this kind of spends, not only you are establishing a position to the market, but you want to also make your competition suffer.

What do I mean with that? I was fortunate enough for this specific brand, the one of them, some of the competitors to go either to some of my students or to an agency that I know and try to tell them to do their ads. So I know exactly how much they spend and what kind of ROAS they have.

And I know that I make them suffer because I'm spending double or triple the amount having five, six ROAS while they struggle with 100k or 150k and they have three ROAS. I'm talking about my major, major competitors that I have. So what I have realized is that not only you are having big spends in ROAS, but you're establishing a position which is making it more difficult for people to enter inside it.

This is a game that is being played with the big boys and I'm not talking about other accounts that they're spending 100 or 200 per day. That being said, what I know is that during these periods and in all of this journey that I was doing the case studies, I was holding my position into specific periods because I knew that the ad accounts, I knew the ad accounts of course, and I knew that I was going to be able to recover. I was telling them, let's not drop the spend, do a promotion to boost the results within Facebook.

It worked flawlessly. The whole year we were having a total result, which was amazing. And the expand was amazing.

The biggest feat here, it wasn't the fact that I scaled, the fact that I kept the same ROAS while I scaled because I went from 70-80k and 6 ROAS to 5.5k and to 6 ROAS on Black Friday with 540k spent. But in the whole year I was on 5.5 ROAS. That means that I kept kind of the same average above 5k and I managed to scale to these numbers.

And right now what I'm doing is that what I teach in my video about Black Friday, I'm trying to maintain my position to 300k and see... To be honest with you, I don't want to go to half a million every month, but I want to go during the next autumn or summer close to 500k so that I can spend 700k or 800k on the regular Friday. We will see because this doesn't mean that it's going to go as planned.

We have elections also in the United States, which is going to be a problematic period. A lot of people are going to run ads and it's going to be a little bit problematic in terms of CPF. So we'll have to see.

In other words, maintaining a position when you have a very big spend, it's something that's going to make your competition suffer. When I went to Meta in Ireland, they also told me that I'm the ad account because I gave a list of all my competitors. They told me that I'm the ad account that I'm spending the most from all of these.

So I know that it's not only a game of me of having good draws and having a big spend, but it's also a game for me of not leaving market to my competition, which is going to make me decline, decline, decline as the time passes by. So it's a little bit problematic in terms of some months you have to go a little bit lower, but if you think of it in the whole picture, you're winning because your competition is also struggling with that and they cannot grow in the same way that you are actually growing. So to summarize for the big and trained pixels and the big ad accounts, bullying is going to be from now on, bullying the competition is going to be from now on one of the major aspects of my thing.

Also, the bad periods and how you overcome them, which I have done videos in the previous period for that, is going to be a major thing on how I'm going to see things from now on. I'm not going to panic in 7-10 days. Of course, that means that you know the ad account, you have several ad accounts to see what all the ad accounts are doing in periods because in this year, I have seen also with my friends and other people that they do ads that there are patterns when you're not doing well.

And I have one video from September, if you remember that I showed you that for 10 days in all ad accounts, the results were not doing well. In this period, I didn't lower my budget. Whoever was afraid or they didn't know, they lowered their budget, they lost and I was able to maintain my spend and then go to have my crazy good results on the Black Friday period.

That being said, I think that bad periods and how you manage them, it's very crucial. Not being afraid so much and knowing your ad accounts and the structure where you are going to have a lot of creatives, a lot of post IDs also, which are very important in the ad accounts, but a lot of campaigns with Advantage Plus, Stacked Lookalikes, Crazy Method and Crazy Method with Broad Targeting. These are the major things and of course, in some other accounts, I'm doing also manual bidding, but I'm going to make a dedicated video for all of that in order to explain it.

What is your advice for your advice? Guys, I would like to interrupt this video to tell you this. Beyond anything that we say, beyond anything that we do, the most important thing is that the rule that we always have is if something, guys, is working, don't touch it.

Don't go and add creatives, more creatives in a working Advantage Plus. Don't go and close one campaign or change the copies so that you can make it better. Everything that we discuss in this video, it's pointless if you go and you can use the best practices and then you go and you shoot your feet because you're doing changes because you cannot hold.

So, that being said, the most important rule that wins everything is that if something is working on Facebook, we don't touch it and if it's working for a very long period, we're a little bit more flexible of leaving it a little bit more because maybe it's going to work, I have videos that are proving that. Let's continue with the video. Now, let's talk a little bit about the smaller ad accounts because a lot of times people neglect them.

The previous is a more advanced way of doing ads. Of course, it has a lot of knowledge in CBO optimization, advanced plus optimization and all of that that you're going to see in the next videos. But what are we doing in a new ad account?

So, basically, the problem is that in new ad accounts, what I have observed because a lot of my clients in the previous year, they became big and they actually started having new businesses. So, despite the fact that I'm not taking new businesses if they don't have proven track record of some sales because I don't want to lose my time in a business that still hasn't found if their funnel is working and all of that. Sadly, that's the case because there are a lot of people that come to you and they say I have an amazing idea, an amazing site and stuff.

If it's not working, then I'm useless to them. Okay? I'm not there in order to fix their funnel or tell them to do this and that in order to have conversions.

This is not my job. My job is to have something that is working and try to exploit it and make it scale. Facebook ads are just, and meta in general with Instagram and everything, is a platform that it's all about volume.

You don't go there in order to get ROAS. You go there in order to get volume and expand your business. Whoever doesn't understand that, eventually, because someone like me is going to bully their competition, they're going to lose all of their share and they're going to spend nothing.

So, if you're on Facebook and you don't see how you can build your email list, you can build an audience, you can build a community that's going to buy again and again from you because this is what Facebook is. Repeated sales and lifetime value of customers along with good average value because Facebook doesn't care if someone comes into your store and buys something for $20 or $50 or $100. So, all of that together makes Facebook a platform which is all about volume and growth.

If you use Facebook in another way, then that's your mistake and eventually you're going to stop advertising and you're going to hate Facebook and you're going to go to TikTok so that you can try to advertise there for that reason. But let me tell you also that most agencies right now that are doing TikTok ads are just failing and only the agencies that... There are exceptions to the rule, okay?

Don't get me wrong, but most TikTok ads are not working. I have seen... I have seen other accounts that they work pretty well on Meta that they don't work at all on TikTok.

And the reason for me is that their algorithm is not ready yet. Is it going to be ready? Eventually, yes.

Do they do shady things? Yes. They had shops working right now because they were offering discounts of 60 and 70%.

Of course, if it's cheaper, people are going to buy them. But still, this is okay because they're getting data to train their algorithm. That's totally fine.

The other thing is that I can see that agencies that they do organic traffic, they are actually working pretty well and then they are taking these posts and they do ads with them. I think that this is the best solution right now for TikTok. I'm not a TikTok ads expert and I don't want to be, but I can tell you that right now they're doing some things like seven days, for example, view, which for me means that they want to steal sales.

What is seven day view? Is the conversion window. They put it to 29 days and seven days view.

That means that if someone sees the ad in seven days, just sees it, okay? Not even clicking and he buys, they're going to attribute the sale to that. It's a little bit of, you know, it's a little bit of a shady way of thinking, but I get it, okay?

They want to train their algorithm and stuff. I just don't like to compare Facebook with Instagram because they are two completely different things and whoever is comparing them is because they have done Facebook or Meta ads and they have failed and they're a little bit salty with the Meta platform. So these new customers of mine, they started their own new businesses and I had to do ads for them.

Not because I had to, but because I trust them, you know, it's different for someone to have a successful business and do a new business, then you know that he has better chances of succeeding. And yes, the company succeeded actually. And I have started with Advantage Plus campaigns in five new ad accounts.

Three of my clients, one of them has two businesses, the other three from one. And I started doing Advanced Plus campaigns because I said, okay, let's go with that and let's see how it's working. I showed you in another video, the CPMs and stuff.

In one case, for example, I was having £30 CPM and then I was doing interest and I was having 12. So I started appreciating a little bit more the concept of interests and we have also the audience targeting which is coming, which might help us start from new ad accounts and be able to actually train pixels while you're using interest but expanding it to the broad audience. The ultimate goal of each ad account, as we said, is to reach the broad targeting.

And this is what we try to do. But sometimes in new ad accounts, because the CPMs are very, and the pixel is untrained and the CPMs are very high, you have to go back to the fundamentals, which is the interest. Now, more and more interests are getting removed.

Also, Meta told me in Ireland that basically they're not working anymore on the interests, but they're working more on lookalikes and of course, much more on broad targeting. So what's the solution over here? Solution over here is this.

I started building campaigns with interests that I could use. I started seeing which ones are working, which ones are optimizing, which ones are getting some volume and some decent results. Then I was taking the good interest and I was putting it with crazy method.

And with the crazy method, I was trying to train the pixel more and more and more. Eventually, I started using 1% lookalikes when the pixel is getting a little bit more trained. And then I'm starting using bigger lookalikes or I'm starting using Advantes Plus and all of that when I still feel that my pixel is getting more data and is getting trained and I can start expanding over there.

This is a solution that you have when you're starting with a new business. So now guys, if it's not working, if you're not getting results and stuff, you have to see also what you're getting. If you're getting $200 cost per purchase and you need to be on $20, I don't feel like you should wait for the pixel to get trained and you're going to get 20.

Most probably you have a problem in your numbers. If you observe that you're having 10 checkouts and to one purchase, then most probably you have a problem in your conversion rate and you have to fix it. If you're getting $50 cost per purchase, which is normal, but the ROAS is bad, it's below break even, maybe you have to check a little bit your average value and if you can fix it.

Facebook is a very good indication to show you how your funnel is working and breaking down the cost per unique click, for example, the CTR, you can understand if you're having good creatives. If you're having something above 3 euros or 3 pounds or 3 dollars, for example, as a cost per unique click, then you have a problem. If your CTR is 0.5, you have a problem.

So all of these things are indication for you to understand if your funnel is working, if you have good average value, if you're targeting properly with your CPM and all of that, and this is going to help you understand if your business can actually stay and advertise on the Facebook Ads platform. Of course, you know that things are going to improve a little bit the more you do ads and the more you have your pixel trained, but this doesn't mean that it's going to improve in such a huge way if you're having very good, very bad results from the beginning. So start working also on your business numbers, on your funds and all of that, trying to improve them.

So these are all the things that I wanted to tell you about. A general picture of how I see the platform moving. We talked a little bit about TikTok also and the competition that we have from there.

I see Facebook being a very strong platform again this year. I can see that things are getting better in terms of the broad targeting and all of that, even for newer accounts. I'm still waiting to see how the new Advantage targeting is going to work because maybe it means that we're going to adjust a little bit, start using maybe the Blender method again, which is look alike with interest and all of that.

The optimizations that we do in CBO and Advantage Plus are still working. So if you have seen these videos and I'm going to make a series of videos for 2024 for each one of these things from CBO optimization to whatever, you need to focus of course on creatives on this year because this is another thing that's going to be here. And if you are a new business, I have also made videos on how you can do it.

I'm going to make also a video which is being asked a lot, which is about account structure and how I structure an account. It's going to have how I structure an account which is a new account and an account which is an old account, trained account. I mentioned some things also here and I think it's going to be a good year.

My only issue is the elections that are coming, which is going to be a very challenging month because we have seen that whenever we have elections in the United States, everybody is doing political ads and the CPMs are skyrocketing. So I think that a lot of businesses are going to have issues then. That's all I had.

It has been a very good year, 2023, for me and the other accounts and everything. And I think that this year is also going to be fine as we go much farther away from what happened after iOS. Of course, we're not still back in the period before iOS that everybody was doing ads as they were working.

But still, I think that Facebook tries to make it more simplified. Of course, a lot of things they need more technical knowledge, but this is why we're in this channel to explain all of these things in the best possible way and in the way that we understand them. But I can see, to be honest with you, just to recap also for the channel, that your questions are getting better and better and in a much deeper level after all of these videos and the discussions that we had in the podcast and me answering the questions and all of that.

So I think that we're getting better and better. I can see also Reddit, which has a lot of comments and all of that and there are people commenting about me there. I'm watching everything.

It's going to be a very interesting year. Don't forget guys that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course and of course you can check my website and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.