Hello FazeMcatch people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about retargeting on 2024 and how I think that you should structure it. So there are more and more people that are proposing that you should do 0% retargeting. I want to give another aspect to this and discuss it a little bit, you know.

I really don't like when people go on the internet or maybe people that they don't have the filter of filtering what people say but let's talk about the first category. The people that they go on the internet and they say whoever is doing retargeting nowadays is a f***ing idiot. You are a f***ing idiot because you are proposing something like it's the holy grail and nobody else can do something different and you are talking like all the other accounts are exactly the same.

No they are not the same, they are different accounts with different numbers and different needs. Secondly we have people that they go and they read something like this on reddit or they see a video for example and they go and they think that this is what they should do on their ad account. Now who is the one to blame?

The one who is talking about whoever is doing this is an idiot or the other person that is believing it and he's not filtering the fact that maybe he's talking about this kind of business or this kind of business or this kind of business. In my opinion both of them are idiots. So without any drama let's go and let's analyze the different cases.

Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. There are companies that they are always going to need retargeting, period and there are companies that they don't care so much about retargeting but we used to do retargeting and maybe these companies are not going to do anymore.

Let's analyze in a technical level why you should do retargeting or not. For example there are weight loss programs okay that they have as their model a warming up journey for the client. For example they start with a free ebook, they start selling something else and something else and something else and eventually they are going to retarget you, retarget you, retarget you to sell you something.

There are companies that they are working with models like I'm selling you something for 20 dollars which is a comfort zone price then I'm retargeting you not only with facebook with email and other things for a higher ticket thing, for a higher ticket thing, higher ticket thing. These are funnels that they are working pretty well and you cannot just go and say to these people that you're not going to do retargeting because it's simply just part of their strategy. E-commerce stores.

There are e-commerce stores that they are just selling one item. Okay I do understand that if you're selling one item you don't care about doing retargeting because you think that you're going to capture people from other streams like google or whatever that may be but there are companies for example they sell clothing okay and they have different collections coming again and again. Why you should not do retargeting for this?

Because a lot of times people think and they say that okay I like to have facebook as my cold traffic audience that's giving me new clients and then these new clients are going to be part of my ecosystem. I don't want facebook to take any credit for their sales so I'm just going to just exclude my purchases and stuff and not even do retargeting because I just want fresh audience. Let me tell you that if you think like that eventually you're not going to be able to scale and you're not going to be able to have good results.

It's proven now from people like the people that I mentioned earlier that if you stop excluding all the people who purchased and all of these stupid things then you're having a better growth because facebook is programmed on stealing these sales. Facebook is doing it on purpose. Facebook is going to steal a sale from TikTok, is going to steal a sale from Google, is going to steal a sale from SMS and email and the reason that it's doing this is because it wants to take the sale so that it can continue, find more people, now if it's doing this on the cold traffic ads then it makes sense.

This is why you should not exclude the people who purchased because even if it retargets a little bit on cold traffic it's totally fine, it's still data that it's going to use. With the advantage plus we know that facebook is stealing a lot of retargeting sales also this is why they added also the cap for retargeting on advanced plus and we're okay with that as long as we are getting good results because it's getting this data and it's finding also cold audience and not only retargeting. The thing is that there are going to be businesses that they are also going to need extra retargeting on top of that.

The way that I like to do it is so let's talk about ad accounts that they have only advanced plus campaigns. Maybe I'm not going to do retargeting because I know that advanced plus campaigns are going to steal all the retargeting sales or if I will do something I will do something small like a bottom of funnel add to cart 30 days, view content 30 days, exclude purchases on the last 30 days and the middle of funnel the people who engage with facebook and instagram maybe people who watch the video for 90% 95% of a viral video or maybe website visitors on the 180 days which is my bigger audience one. The reason that I like to target instagram and facebook engages is because even if someone is engaging with a post liking, commenting, tagging a person if they don't click to go on the website they're just engagement and by the way whenever you do ads these are considered posts of your page because you're using your page in order to post these ads so even on your ads whoever is engaging if they don't click to go on the website they're also engagement and this is the only way for you to capture them.

On the other hand we have the advanced plus campaigns which are stealing sales and sometimes the cbo campaigns which are stealing sales so in the ad accounts that I'm doing only advanced plus I rarely do retargeting to be honest with you and if I have very high spends maybe I'm going to do something but not more than 10% of my budget when I really have a lot of advanced plus campaigns. On other accounts that I'm having different kind of structures and funnels and all of that maybe I'm going to do a more retargeting something like 30 40 50% for companies like the weight loss or the things that we have mentioned and over there you can segment it more for example instead of doing one ad set with facebook instagram engagers website and all of that you can have four different abo always never mix inside the cbo your retargeting audiences because they are already warm you can just do them either with as different campaigns which I like it more but you can do an abo with different budgets over there and just monitor the frequency we will talk about the frequency in a little bit. So it all depends in the business in the model and in the funnels I can even tell you that for example for people that they are selling courses I'm okay with them excluding the people who have purchased in the last 30 days or even 180 days because somebody is not going to sell their course again to the same person so there's no repeated customers there.

I'm not against of anything as long as there is a valid reason behind it so I'm not against of people saying that you should not do retargeting I'm doing it on some ad accounts but there are other accounts that they just need it and as I told you there are accounts that I'm doing 50 60% retargeting because this is how their funnel is working and this is what they want to do they just want to throw an ad then retarget people of that ad then retarget people of the ad that they retarget back and so on. So they have a structure like this which is working for them so who am I to just criticize that if something is working I'm there to just enhance it and scale it with technical justification. One last thing before we close the video and my opinion about retargeting and all of that I have also videos on the channel about retargeting if you want to see how to create custom audiences and stuff but in this channel I'm not focusing on how to help you create a custom audience to be honest with you if you're here and you don't know how to do a custom audience you shouldn't be here and you should go and watch other channels first to become more advanced so that you can come here and understand better what we are talking about.

Frequency. A lot of times I see people talk about frequency and they say things like if you have 1.5 frequency for example in your cold traffic ads that means that you're also retargeting. I think that this is a total BS okay.

The fact that somebody has seen your ad two times and and they bought it says nothing okay. Now frequency when it's high and when it's low. When you're having a frequency which is for example 5 or 6 in a retargeting depending also on how much you spend okay.

If you're spending let's say 2-3k per day and you're having 5-6 frequency on your retargeting it's fine and most probably you're spending also a lot of money there. But if you're having a frequency of 20 you should start lowering your budget over there because I think you are overdoing it. On the other hand it's all about results.

If you have good results if you see that it's helping you in your business and all of that don't change it. But frequency is something that you need to monitor. If you have 20 and stuff you have to be worried and start lowering it.

But if you have below 10 on the maximum period okay. Not in the last seven days. If you have 20 in the last seven days you have to lower the budget immediately.

But if you have 20 on the maximum period that means that from time to time you are retargeting again and again the people with that. Maybe you can do another retargeting with other creatives to you know refresh it a little bit if you want to use the targeting and you like it or in some cases as I said you can just do advanced plus campaigns and work only with that. So below 10 frequency I guess it's fine.

Don't worry about it. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website and my mentorship programs and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.