Hello FazewebKats people, I'm Kostanti Roos and today we're going to discuss about the new learning phase system from Meta. We're going to go into my PC, I'm going to show you how it works before we go. Just a little bit of theory.

Until now we knew that the learning phase, in order for your ad sets to pass the learning phase, because the learning phase is being passed on the ad set level, not on the ad level. We're going to make a separate video explaining where the optimization is happening, where the hot pockets are being created, but on another video. A few minutes later, the hot pockets are being created on the ads and the optimization is happening on the ad set level, even if it's advanced plus or normal CBO.

So the theory says this from Meta, that you need to have 50 events of the event that you're optimizing for. I don't want to say purchases because you might be optimizing for view content, you might optimize for leads. So whichever is the event that you're optimizing for in the ad set level, you need to have 50 of that events, or maybe less.

We're going to check that in a little bit on my PC, in the attribution setting that you have set. So if you have seven days click one day view, then what you need is to have 50 events on this seven days period. If you have one day, you need to have 50 events on that.

Meta has made it a little bit better. So now you can hover over on the learning phase and you can see how many more events are you missing, how many events you had and why you're in learning limited and all of that. That's why we're going to go into my PC.

I'm going to show you all of these things. In some other accounts, it's less events. In some other accounts, it's 50 as the ones that we used to know.

And let's go straight away to my PC. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs. And I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website.

And over there, you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So guys, we're going to see several accounts and we're going to discuss what is happening here.

Let's go on this one. For example, we're on learning phase. We can see that on this account, we have 50 events.

There are some other accounts now that they need less events. But for sure, Advanced Plus Campaign is working really well on that side. I have seen also that in bigger spend accounts, we have the 50 events.

On other smaller ad accounts, we have only 10 events, which is actually good. And it's actually something which I was noticing that you don't need necessarily 50 events to all the accounts I could see. Ads getting outside of the learning phase faster here.

It says also that we have 31 of the 50. Most probably we will be able to hit our targets with that. Again, by just observing the learning phase and if an ad passes the learning phase or not, I haven't seen any major differences.

For example, one campaign doing much better because it passed a learning phase comparing to another that didn't. Okay. So 31 events over here.

The fun part here is that we see 30 here. So it's not always accurate on that side. Let's see another one.

Let's go to this one. This one says active. So I guess it passed the learning phase.

Let's go to another one, a smaller one. Learning. Let's see.

So 0 out of 50. Yes, it started yesterday. We have no results yet.

I would like to show you a little bit if we go to the cost caps over here. The learning limited. Okay.

So it says 39 purchases. This ad set isn't generating enough purchases to exit the learning phase. This usually occurs when your ad set is limited by audience size, cost control, which is the case over here, budget or other settings consider making changes to improve it.

What we can do in order to test it is we can take this one to 200 and hope that is going to be fixed. Now, when we see on the other, we have 22 of 50 over here. As you can see, this one has 6 out of 5.

This one over here has only 3 out of 5. Learning limited over here. It has 33.

But look, here we have an ad that actually has really good results for this ad account without being outside of the learning phase and being learning limited. So I'm not looking so much on the learning limited on or learning or if it passes the learning phase, but it's just an interesting concept that I'm going to just monitor and I'm just making a video so that you can also monitor it. Let's go now on another smaller ad account so that we can be able to see how it's tracking there.

So let's see guys on this ad account. Over here we have also the recommendations which are annoying. Let's see if we can remove them.

Come on. Dismiss. I'm satisfied with that.

No, I'm not. I will never be. I don't think this will help.

Confirm. And we have another recommendation and let's dismiss this one. I don't think this will help.

Confirm. Don't do this on your ad account. Just let the recommendations there.

So, learning phase progress over here. Okay. So, we have a learning phase progress over here and we can see that we have 14 out of 10.

So, in smaller ad accounts that we don't have high spends, I have seen that instead of saving 50, it gives us 10 purchases or whatever the optimization event has to be. I must tell you that I haven't seen any other price like 25 or something like this. I have seen 10 and 50 so far.

And in this case, we can see that we passed the learning phase. Let's go on another account that we haven't passed the learning phase but it has 10. For instance, while I was looking, I found this.

This is a learning limited campaign. For example, guys, as you can see, we're having 43 purchases here. We're having 23 and we're having 28.

Of course, someone might come here and say, but yeah, if you put them all together in just one, you are going to pass the learning phase. Do I care about that where I'm getting results? No, I don't.

I don't care about it. Just to be honest with you guys. Let's see this one.

This one is active. It passed the learning phase. It doesn't say how much.

This one has 43 and this one has 44. Still amazing results over here. I don't care about passing the learning phase.

We have learning limited even here with how many? 49. 49 is a little bit of, you know.

Anyway, with one event now, are you telling me that you're going to get even worse results? No, you're not. You just got 49 instead of 50.

Okay, that's a little bit brutal. Let's see what is happening on the new ones. This is an advanced plus.

It says nothing. Most probably passed the learning phase. And let's see this one, which is in the learning phase.

We have 20 out of 50. Let me try to find a smaller ad account. For example, over here in this ad account, which has significantly smaller spend, you can see that it says active, but here it has enough data.

But if we go on this one, we can see that it has only three purchases over here. Okay. So being active with the maximum period with just three purchases, it doesn't make any sense.

And it doesn't have the learning phase. So I just think that it's interesting. You can just keep monitoring it.

Let me try to find one more. So I'm in a smaller one. So it's not as accurate as it should be.

For example, here it says zero to 10 purchases. And here we have two. Here it has only one and it has the one.

Here nothing. So I just have the feeling, guys, that yes, it's another feature that I don't want to be negative and say that they're making it so that you can consolidate more and try to have just one ad with all of these events so that you can pass the learning phase. I'm not going to say that, but I'm telling you for sure that learning limited ads that they haven't passed the learning phase and all of that.

I haven't seen any difference with the ads that they passed the learning phase and they are actually doing better. That's why I'm going to monitor it and see how it's working, but I'm not going to take decisions based on if my ads are going to pass the learning phase or not. But for sure a good thing is that for the smaller ad accounts we need now 10 events, not 50, which is going to help a lot if we believe that the learning phase is so important for all of our campaigns.

So these are new interesting stuff. Maybe that means that we have to focus a little bit more on learning phase and passing the learning phase. Who knows?

Now that they have made the events less on the smaller ad accounts, it makes sense. We can go and we can aim to pass the learning phase. If we don't, maybe we can see the differences.

I showed you also on the ad account that with learning limited, you can also have good results. It says nothing. Metads are becoming more and more like a game right now, that you have to complete milestones and stuff, which is actually nice and fun to see.

We have also the scores and all of that. If you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, my website, my mentorship programs, the reviews below my mentorship programs and how people complete it. And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent.