Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we are going to talk about... Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we are going to talk about another CBO dynamic creative ads strategy that I have and I want to share with you. So by watching this channel, most of you know that for items like t-shirts or whatever that may be near the range of 20, 30, 40 dollars we have our CBO campaigns.

Most of the times what we see is if you have 100 we do 10 ad sets so we're calculating 10 dollars on each ad set. This new campaign is something that I was testing for a little bit more expensive products and it's working in several accounts so I want to have this video here on the channel so that you can check it if you have bigger items, bigger ticket, high ticket items I guess. It goes like this, 4 ad sets, 200 dollars.

So we go for 50 dollars this time for each of the ad sets and it's a smaller campaign, much more easier to optimize, we don't have so many ads and stuff and let's go on my computer to show you one account that is working flawlessly like this. The previous one with 10 ad sets in 100 dollars it wasn't working that well but I started initially with 10 ad sets with 100 dollars in order to test the different audiences, interests and stuff and when I found my four good ones, I moved them two a CBO campaign with 200 dollars and four ad sets, the best ones performing so far. Okay so guys really quick let me show you what we have here.

So here's the structure that I told you. You can see here 100 because after the optimization I reached out to the point that I have 100. The people that they follow this channel they won't understand what I'm talking about.

If you don't know what I'm talking about go watch my other videos I guess. So the way that it's going is this. We have 200 and we have four ad sets over here.

The four ad sets that we have again I'm pointing out that it's just it's just not for random ad sets, it's four ad sets that they worked very well in the past in our smaller 100 dollar campaigns with 10 ad sets. So this is a very good way for me to scaling. I have already scaled a lot this account with that way.

It's very efficient after you have optimized your campaign you can see that the rows are increasing more and more and I can tell you that for example here we are left with only one. Okay over here we are left with three that they are actually working. Over here we are having only two that they are actually working but they are working with our initial budget.

We didn't have to lower it down and now we are in the process of having a new one that we are going to optimize. This is a very new campaign it has already two checkouts in this one and the funny fact on this thing is that it's having sales on different ad sets, on the different interests of the ad sets. A very interesting thing on other accounts it's working also well and I think that it was very interesting.

I wanted to share it with you. Let me know in the comments if it worked for you. So this is the new strategy.

I think that it's an interesting topic. I know that there are a lot of people that they have embraced my methods. I can see the comments on my videos and I think that this would be interesting for you to test it at least.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book or my free course and until we meet again be creative and be consistent. You