Hello Facebook Catch People, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about some new placements that we have in the platform. It's nothing crazy, we do have the threads, long time ago but I decided to make a video now. We do have the threads, we have the feeds and we do have some placements for the notification section on the right side when you see the notifications in the app or in your desktop and we will go straight away to My PC.

I would like to show you where they are, discuss a little bit about the placements and discuss if they are taking spend or not because I'm breaking down the results and I can see if they're taking spend and if they're good and I will see them. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have, you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. Okay, first of all let's talk about threads.

If we create a campaign over here we still have the old option so we will do manual. Of course, Meta is going to always click the catalog here just to annoy us but if we go to the placements and we use manual you can see that now we can use threads over here. Okay, the reason that we cannot use those is because I haven't added an optimization event.

Let me add it. Obviously, I will hide the name of the pixel and everything. Yeah, now everything should be to be selected.

I need more settings. I need website. Okay.

And if we use manual now, you see it's fixed. So over here we have the new threads thing. Basically, if we come here on the thread feed we will be able to see that we need 16 by 9 and square images and stuff.

Let me tell you that from my personal testing while I'm using automatic placements and all of that, we have videos explaining why we don't use other placements and the reason that Meta is pushing automatic placements because they make money on these small placements that they make sense on each one of them and if you multiply all of this with all of the other accounts and the spend they're making a lot of money out of this. So automatic placement is working better than the others. But still there are some specific placements that are working which is Facebook feed, Instagram feed, Facebook stories, Instagram stories, Facebook Reels, Instagram Reels.

Don't forget that if you want to go for Reels you need to have music and sound into your ads. If you do only images you are not utilizing this placement. So in your videos you should use videos and sounds in order for you to be able to play on Facebook Reels and Instagram Reels.

If you don't you are not going to be shown there so you're missing some placements. But again, threads. I have done ads with automatic that have threads then you break down the results and you see that basically they are not spending at all.

So I guess this is the first step for them to start making it spend. Have I run ads only to threads? No, because I'm not crazy and I'm not going to do it.

Now, the other thing that we have is Facebook notification which is a new placement. Basically on the right side that you see the notifications that you have it's going to appear as an ad. The most important thing that I want to point out about this is that in the little image that you see over there it's going to over here it's going to have your logo from your Facebook page the profile picture from the Facebook page.

If you have a logo or something else this is what's going to appear and it's going to have some messages that I haven't still found from where it's populating it. Okay, it says you might be interesting uh interested in. I haven't seen any other message except from you might be interested in.

Also the the the text that it's taking after that after the name of your page I don't know yet from where it's taking it from and I haven't found any thing inside the ads that I can actually touch it. I'm guessing it has to be messages it has to be text that it's taking from your Facebook page. So this is a new placement but again by breaking down the results and we're going to do that this right now you will see that it's not taking any spend.

Let's break down the results in in another counter too to see if it's taking spend just a second. So these are new placements in case you because we have to be updated okay at the end of the day you never know maybe it's going to work in the future but what I'm trying to say here is that this placement don't spend anyway so don't worry about them right now but you should know about them. Now we have over here a breakdown of results okay and we can see that in the campaigns again the biggest spend goes to Facebook Reels over here it goes to Facebook feed over here we have Instagram feed and some spend on stories some spend on deals that's it everything else is just small amount spent and if we come here we can find them we have the search results and let me see if we have notifications somewhere there it is Facebook notifications just one cent.

Now as I said in previous videos my theory is that Facebook is pushing that because this one cent if you if you take this one cent for example and you multiply it with all the campaigns uh oh no you multiplied all the ads all the ads then all the campaigns then all the other accounts then all the business managers and all of that then you will make a lot of money okay it's like the the movie that some hackers were stealing one cent of a cent from each transaction happening in the world basically stealing a crazy amount of time so that they're not going to be tracked okay so this is what Facebook is also doing here it's just saying oh it's okay man it's just one cent why do you care about it well I care about it because you make millions because of it and I'm not going to be rich if I take this one cent into my ads but just admit that you are becoming rich because of that you know this is this is what I don't like that they don't admit it all of this or the other thing that they do with MetaREPS that they tell you do an awareness campaign spend only five dollars per day it's extra revenue for them this is why they do it okay they don't do it because they believe that this campaign is going to create such a big brand awareness for you and you're going to become really successful brand okay so that's the thing with these placements just gossip news things that we have these new things maybe Threads feed is going to become a big thing later okay but right now as you can see they're not taking any spend nothing to worry about but for sure it's good for you to know that we have these new placements coming in place let's see also here if we have anything else which is taking budget you see it's always Facebook feed here for example we got a sale to Facebook notifications which is the new placements okay but it's 1.4 it's it's nothing you know that's actually good it means that you got a sale from that also the way that these placements and all of that is being placed maybe someone's clicking something or what he has seen his notifications because it's one day view he bought and then this place i don't know you know because i don't want to be toxic about it because it's pissing me off when i'm thinking of it and we have all stepped back from manual placements because of that it's good that i see that the new Facebook notification is getting a sale here spending 1.83 we have Facebook reels here spending a little bit more let's see this one Facebook notification spending it's spending a little bit more from the rest Facebook feed also here desktop this is in app okay i think that's all i don't want to make the video uh longer uh you got my point uh we had a good discussion about placements also which is one of my favorite topics and i will see you guys for the closing of the video so nothing important just wanted you to be updated on the new placements and stuff and i think that threads is going to work eventually we're going to see it's not going to be a bad thing to have just another core placement like Facebook feed or Instagram feed which is going to work it's going to be a good thing because that means that we're going to be able to spend more as advertisers our business owners and all of that but as of now they're not spending and they don't so like they're moving like a really strong placement of course it's too early to have something like that but we will see in the future don't forget guys that if you want to learn more you can check my book my new course which is coming soon in a couple of days and all of my mentorship programs and below the people that they have completed all of them and until we meet again be creative and be cautious you