Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I have some exciting news. Basically, we can do more than 8 Advanced Plus campaigns now on ad accounts and if you still don't have this feature on your ad account, most probably you're going to have it by the end of June. So, if you still don't know it, maybe because you're spending, your budget is smaller basically, we can do only 8 Advanced Plus campaigns not per ad account but per country.

So, in an ad account you can do many more if you have different Advanced Plus campaigns per country and everybody loves them, they're working really well. Of course, not a lot of people are focusing to how to optimize them, which is why we have a lot of videos in this channel explaining how to do that and I think it's the future, you know, more and more people are just going to do Advanced Plus campaigns, the ad accounts are going to have most probably only Advanced Plus campaigns after some point if they get trained and they have trained pixels and we're going to focus only on creative and with the coming of AI and even short AI about the videos and all of that, we're going to have also AI creative. So, most probably everything is going to be, you know, on the autopilot but still I think there is room for improvement and things to do especially, I think that we're going to transition to a way that we're going to just scale ad accounts with many Advanced Plus campaigns but treated as a whole, you know, and watching the average results and of course experience on scaling like this and the second thing is that I believe that there is room for optimization on the ad level because Advanced Plus campaigns are campaigns that are focusing a lot in one ad and they're dominant campaigns with one ad and so on, so there are several things to do but I'm having a video coming about Advanced Plus and what you should do in 2024 so I'm not going to take more of your time about this topic.

The way that I know that this is going to be a thing for all other accounts is because of this message which is coming from a MetaRep, there's a brand that I hide over there just to protect the client, that there are these two things that they can help us get into as a beta. First of all, have unlimited Advanced Plus campaigns and the second is Zeolocation basically and it says in the message that you see that all these changes are going to be available to all ad accounts by the end of June so we know that it's going to happen and I have seen yesterday I believe, today it is 4th of April, I have seen, not yesterday, the previous week I believe I have seen many ad accounts now having unlimited Advanced Plus campaigns, like now 80% of my ad accounts has unlimited Advanced Plus campaigns and I have seen also one setting that I want to discuss so let's go into my PC to show you how it looks now and this setting that at least you need to know about it and I will see you there. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have, you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

I don't have many things to tell you but we're going to start from this, no, basically we're going to start from this over here. So this is the message that I showed you earlier, it says that you have the option to allow this company, ex-company for two new features with Advanced Plus, let me know which one you want to choose to get access, both will be fully rolled to all advertisers by the end of June. I have videos in the channel that based on information that I was getting from REBS, they were talking about letting...

To be honest with you, I think no one told me ever about more Advanced Plus but they were talking about having the option to do specific locations which makes total sense because if you think of it there are people that they cannot advertise in specific states for any reason, let's say legal reasons like gambling for example okay, you cannot do Advanced Plus because you have to target the whole United States so what's the point of doing that and secondly we do have the Geo location which was one thing they were talking about gender for example if you have a brand which is doing makeup, it's in the makeup industry, you have to target also men into your Advanced Plus. Your pixel is going to be able to find good sales if it's trained and it's not going to target men after the point but that's not the case with some new companies which is making it more difficult with their own Trailing Pixels. So they are also thinking of changing this so that you can be able to target only men or women or specific locations for this brand.

Another change that I have seen which is not mentioned here is that until now you could do Advanced Plus campaigns with only purchase event. Now you're able to do Advanced Plus campaigns also on the sales section with other events which is another thing that had changed in some other accounts. I don't know if these changes are going to be available for all and of course the last thing which I haven't predicted but I was talking about it when I went to Dublin to the headquarters that it's really important to increase the number of Advanced Plus campaigns and at that point they were telling to me that I'm wrong and that I shouldn't do many Advanced Plus campaigns but it doesn't make any sense if you think of it because basically guys, if you have a lot of creatives, a lot of collections and all the 8 Advanced Plus campaigns are not enough if you want to scale.

So I think that they realized by me and some other people telling them and a lot of advertisers telling to them that they have to do that. We know that these changes are going to be rolled for everyone by the end of June so this is a new thing. Here it's the update, it says see updates, it's not there anymore.

This is why I have a print screen from the podcast. It says updates, there are no more campaign limits per country. By the way, this message that I showed you earlier from the Rep came two weeks before this happening.

I was happy because I was expecting this to happen at the end of June but it happened earlier in many many many other accounts. There are no more campaign limits per country. You can now run more than 8 Advanced Plus shopping campaigns for any included country to maximize performance.

We recommend only running the number of campaigns that are necessary to meet your business needs. So they still try to tell you don't overdo it, just do as many as you need but of course guys, you can do as many Advanced Plus campaigns as you want as long as you are having different creatives. It's totally fine.

So I'm here in an Advanced Plus which is new over here. First of all, you can see that you can change the event over here. Back in the day, you could not touch this one in some accounts.

We have also the cost per result which was added later. We have the audience location over here where you can go and you can change the location which was not an option before. I will discuss about this in a little bit.

We have also the reporting which is the different audiences that we're using. Obviously I have to hide this but you can add them. I will discuss about this also in a second.

That's it. We have more Advanced Plus campaigns. So yet I don't see any changes in terms of gender.

Okay, so you have to target both I guess. Now let's go to the business settings on this account. I want to show you two things.

We had the industry which came. So we have the industry and you can choose if you are e-commerce or something else. So this is one setting that you need to check because in some companies it was non-profit or whatever for some reason.

Then we have this one which is new, completely new. It's called Account Controls and it says this account has no audience control set for ad delivery. Maybe this is the way.

I don't know why it's not open. Ah yeah, I don't have full access. It's from a client.

So maybe over here you do have access to control that. Just give me a second. Let me find one account that I have full control.

Okay, so I'm in another account that I have full access for this setting. So it says, my business cannot advertise specific location which is what I was talking about. This is why they're doing this.

Not because they want you to go and segment to different areas. It's because some people couldn't use basically Advantage Class because of that. Okay.

And my business advertises age restricted goods or services which is about setting a minimum. Of course, I'm not going to click them because I don't know what can happen. But for sure, it's about having limits for specific comments like gambling, for example.

In some countries, you cannot advertise, you need to advertise from 22 plus. Okay, so you couldn't use Advantage Class on that way. Anyway, they're trying to fix it from that perspective for companies that they do have some limitations so that they are going to be able to use this also.

Let's go back to this one. So here you have business payments and stuff. And this is the other area that I was referring to.

By the way, this area over here is where you're going to add your different custom audiences so that it can target more relevant people to them. This is why we also say that when we run Advantage Plans, we don't need, when we have mostly Advantage Class campaigns in our other accounts, we don't need so much retargeting because it's going to take retargeting anyway. They have a new setting also about the CAP, which is not also available in all other accounts.

But in some other accounts, you can see it, where you can actually retargeting only a percentage of your core audience and the rest is going to be called traffic. I have videos about that on the channel. Last thing and the most important before we close from IPC is this one.

It says Advantage Plus Creative. Your Advantage Plus Creating setting apply across all eligible campaigns for this ad account. Basically, what is it?

Test new optimizations. We may show fewer than 5% on your ad impressions with new optimizations. This helps us improve our creative optimizations and increase performance for your ads.

Let me show you though. So, you can come, you can find it, you can uncheck it. A lot of times it's bugging, refresh your page in order to see if it's unchecked or not.

I don't think it's a bad setting, but I will tell you something. If you are a freelancer and you have access to several catalogs with all of your clients, maybe it's going to mix two of the people that you are advertising with. Because if you read here, it says optimizations you may see if you have a catalog.

If you have a catalog, you may see optimizations such as an Advanced Plus Creative or Catalog which works when using a catalog to show people different formats and creative based on what they're most likely to respond to or dynamic media where they show either images or videos of your catalog items based on what each person who views your ad is likely to find engaging. And then it says, if you are using the sales or traffic objective with single image or video and you didn't toggle to your catalog on, you may see ad catalog items. This is where we'll show items from your catalog next to your selected media which people can follow to your chosen URL.

So, if you have a single image and a single video, maybe it's going to show below a carousel just below that like instant experiences which is going to have products from your catalog. Be careful because the catalogs are not bound to ad accounts and all of that, they just exist there. Okay, so in my opinion, one thing that Meta needs to fix is the bounding of catalog.

For example, how do we have now on your business settings connected assets and you're connecting your pixel for example, or your Instagram account with the ad account with connected assets in the business settings. The same thing I think we need to have with catalogs. You need to have connected assets with catalogs so that it can take automatically the correct catalog.

Another example, let's say that you have five catalogs over here. Okay, one is only good and the others are not good. There is no way for you to set this one catalog as a primary catalog or a catalog.

Okay, you can connect it to the pixel but that's the only thing when you can do associate sources on your business settings. The thing here is that I think that we need a way so that we can say that, hey, use this catalog as default and we don't have this option right now, at least from what I know. If you know anything, let me know because it would help me a lot.

For now on businesses, I'm just taking this off because I'm afraid of conflicting any catalog from any other business to that which would be annoying for one client to see their product and below someone else being advertised with their ads. So that's all I had to tell you. This is mostly about freelancers to look and of course it's a small percentage, 5%, but you know, even on 5% it's going to look really ugly if it's going to happen.

That's all I had about this. I'm super excited about this. I think that it's going to bring more stability to the ad accounts.

It's going to be easier for us to manage them. Advance Plus campaigns are performing really well and from the perspective of the YouTube channel, people are learning better with Advance Plus instead of using CBOs which are more difficult and complex. So one thing before we close.

As I started my YouTube channel and I started talking about CBO optimization and the crazy method and all of that, I realized that it's not an easy thing to teach and it's very difficult. In comparison to Advance Plus which is much easier and people understand it more and it needs less things on your end. So this is a good thing.

It means that CBO optimization is going to... we're not going to need it anymore basically and we're going to just have Advance Plus campaigns that it's easier for people to learn how to optimize them or how to treat them. Of course, there are always going to be people that they touch all the time their ads and they do mistakes and all of that but this is in the human nature I guess.

But CBO optimization is very difficult to learn and to master and it's taking a lot of time. So I think that this is another thing that people wouldn't care about anymore. And you know from your messages and stuff I understand that there are so many different cases that it's almost impossible for someone like me to teach CBO optimization by creating videos or even a huge course.

It's impossible. The cases are so many that we cannot cover everything. The sad part here is that in new ad accounts most probably you will still have to use CBO optimization because of interest and all of that and because Broad is not going to be ideal initially until you train your pixel but later on you're just going to be fine.

So CBO is not over yet but most probably in the next years if the algorithm becomes even even even better and even in new pixels you can target Broad and everything is going to work well then in that case we're going to stop most probably using CBO. Maybe I don't know for what we're going to use it. Maybe we're going to discuss it then in a year or two years from now but I think that we're going towards the period that we're going to stop using CBOs and this is good for the people because it was a complex way of doing ads in terms of optimization not in terms of creating them.

That's all I had for you guys. I hope that you liked the video. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course or my website and until we meet again be creative and be consistent.

Karen Thank you.