Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm coming to you with another Advanced Plus Optimization example. Since we use so many now we're going to focus more on these examples. This example is all about cutting immediately one bad leading ad which is taking all the budget among the ads.

I'm not going to talk more about it on theory over here, we will go straight away to my pc to show you how I optimize this Advanced Plus campaign and I hope that's going to help you as another case study of how we optimize properly Advanced Plus campaigns. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have, you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So let's go into this Advanced Plus because I think it's one of the one rare case but still we have to address it.

So if we see on the 7th, this Advanced Plus has started on the 7th, now we have 17 today okay and on the 7th we have zero spent. Let's go on the 8th. Go on.

Ah, so it started on the 9th, sorry. I think I created it on the 8th. So over here we have one of these cases and this is why a lot of times I like to run Advanced Plus campaigns with 10 ads maybe because they're going to take a little bit of more budget instead of having this situation over here with this ad which actually went and took almost all of the budget okay.

If we see here on the average results of the ad account we're getting sales from 19, 24 okay this was a bad day for it but we're getting this kind of results. So here coming on this Advanced Plus campaign and seeing that this one is taking all of the budget and then analyzing and seeing zero checkouts this is a decision that I could take also on day one on closing it. The reason I believe that I didn't close it on the first 24 hours is is is is yeah as you can see they have crazy click-through rates and cost per click and stuff and I guess I didn't close it on the first day let's go the 10th on the 10th.

Now that I see it maybe I should have closed it on the first day since it had zero checkouts. I have created one video today because we do a video shooting that I'm showing you that I have done a mistake because I didn't follow the rule of 48 hours. Maybe these were the days that I have seen the other mistake and I didn't do the change on the first 24 hours being so aggressive because you know the more I optimize the more I see that I have done a mistake there I tried to apply it also there and so on.

So maybe I followed the rule of the 48 hours not touching the ad. On the next day it took a sale. Over here I decided to close it now most people will come here and we just will just be afraid or they will say okay let's just leave it for two three more days just to close it.

No for two days from the 9th and the 10th over here we have it taking 161 out of the whole budget of 200 over here which is not okay because it's not going to let us optimize the campaign properly. So after me closing it and you will see some crazy stuff happening right now okay. This is the closed ad okay.

The next day I closed it, it took another two sales but I don't care about that. I will show you why because these two sales that they just came I don't think that they were going to make the campaign work. Now what happened after that is that this which was the second one became immediately a leading ad having good draws from the beginning.

So over here I'm having a situation that for two days I'm unprofitable and when I'm closing it the next day my whole campaign is profitable. Really important okay. So in three days I'm profitable now on my campaign and then we continue on the 12th.

This one stopped it doesn't have any sales and this one is becoming a leading ad that is giving me consistent results every day. So the fact that an advanced class is choosing one ad to spend all the money it doesn't mean that this ad is going to be the ad that is going to give you consistent results every day but even more importantly it doesn't mean that even if it's taking the budget that it's going to help you optimize the campaign properly. Because over here this one it's giving me good results let's see how it continues on 13.

It went to 3.3 it's totally acceptable also here but it's giving me consistent results guys okay every day. Then we're coming here 0.45 totally fine because we're working with average results and maybe it has some delayed reporting. On 17 again 6.78 we can see that and now it's becoming a really really strong leading ad with taking all of the budget.

By the way this is one of the cases that you can come here and you can work with the 20% rule of scaling you can take this campaign for example to 120 but you haven't passed the learning phase anyway with this kind of results but anyway let's say that here that you have a really really really dominant ad you can come and you can scale this advance first most probably it's not going to be an issue. Still I don't like it there's a risk within that move I wouldn't do it I would do just another campaign. Over here on the 16 we see that now we are having also some results on the second one which is really good let's see the 7 it's too early today okay and on the last 7 days we can see that we are having the leading ad which is working pretty well with 4.3 this one is taking some sales we're going to see how it goes and this one shows 5.52 but it was hurting our whole campaign our whole campaign wasn't profitable with that so we had to take action and you can see how by doing one change like this it actually helped the whole campaign to become profitable.

Question number one if we didn't close this ad was it going to be profitable eventually? Maybe but I know that for two days I was losing money and by just doing this change because I realized that okay I don't want to continue having this leading ad which is not giving me what I want or I don't want to wait more because in this ad account for example I have seen that I have results much faster. In other ad accounts that I might see that I need to leave my ads for a longer period maybe I was more flexible but in this ad account that I'm doing a campaign and I'm having results much faster there's no point for me to just wait three or four days for an ad when I have the luxury in this ad account in two or three days to know if an ad is going to work or not.

So this is one thing that helped me to take the decision to close it. Secondly I didn't like the way that the campaign was optimizing it because it's another thing to have a leading ad which since day one is having good ROAS and another thing of waiting this leading ad to have good ROAS eventually. Sometimes the leading ads don't go to profitable ROAS and they just stay on the same ROAS.

On the other hand when I closed it I have seen that the next one was having very good ROAS and it kept having good ROAS and now I'm in the pace of having a profitable campaign in the last seven days which means that my action has brought it there. Maybe if I was going to leave it it was going to still be a profitable campaign but still it doesn't matter. Advanced Plus campaigns are not campaigns that you should just abandon because as you can see here it started pretty bad and with just one change it was saved.

This is why we explained Advanced Plus campaigns that they are dominant campaigns with one ad and if you see your Advanced Plus here you're not going to understand it. You have to analyze your Advanced Plus on the ad level seeing your dominant ad, what kind of ROAS is getting. Most probably this campaign if it continues like that this is going to go away, it's going to go close to the 4.2 because all of the budget is going here.

Let's hope we will get another sale also here which is going to help on the average but still we are in super profitable ROAS because of the breaking my ROAS on this other account is 2. So the situation is this. This was the bad leading ad and this is a case that I found interesting and I wanted to share with you.

Sometimes you might close your leading ad and the next one is not going to work. You have to close also this one. The next one is not going to work and so on.

So there are different cases but this is a pretty obvious case of Facebook for some reason understanding that this ad is good while it wasn't giving us the results that we want so we disagree with the algorithm. Everybody likes new inventions, new technology. People will never be replaced by machines.

We trust the process of the algorithm on optimizing but from time to time we have to intervene if we want to have better results. Watch all my other videos about Advanced Plus optimization which is completely different from CBO optimization if you are new to the channel and I think that's going to help you more and more to understand how to optimize especially now that we're using them all the time and we have unlimited Advanced Plus campaigns in our ad accounts. I'm going to try to make more videos when I find these interesting case studies and I will see you for the closing of the video.

If you want to learn more don't forget to check my book, my course, my website, my mentorship programs and until we meet again guys. Be creative, be consistent.