Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Hi guys, so another podcast. Let's talk a little bit about what happened on the previous month because now it's over.

So first of all for smaller accounts it was a little bit difficult, we had some problems especially for other accounts that they have new pixels but I can tell you that for bigger accounts that they have trained pixels I was also able to scale them. The thing is that I'm going to prepare some case studies for the next weeks and I'm going to try to publish them in time. Easter is coming here in Greece, Greek Orthodox Easter, so maybe the next week I'm not going to do a podcast but we will see, I will try too.

And I guess that's all. This week the weekend was very bad even for trained ad accounts but now I feel like we are doing much better during the week. Just so that we can clear this up, when we have this kind of periods that we have bad results, most of the times it's because a lot of people see good results like in February, they go immediately, everybody starts to advertise on the platform, so the CPMs are rising, results are better, but only the good pixels and the good ad accounts that are super competitive, they have better results and it makes sense.

The other ones that they are adjusting the verge of being profitable or having some good results, they can have one good month, one bad month and it really matters how many people they're actually advertising. So now that the people that they started advertising, they're going to be disappointed that they will stop advertising and then we can see that maybe we will have another good month and so on. Now let's discuss a little bit, I have a comment over here from a guy, his name is Tim Zegering.

It says, Konstantinos, your advice worth, your advice worth, its weight in gold. I hope my advice would weight my weight in gold because it would be 120 kilograms of gold and I would be very rich. You say here, the Advantage Plus Crazy Method campaigns are crushing it for us right now.

What's your method to assure the conversion API is tracking correctly? We're using ClickFunnels plus AnyTrack but it's still leaked at the moment. Thanks, a lot appreciated, kind regards Tim.

So first of all about the second track of the question about ClickFunnels and AnyTrack, we have a very good interview with Scott DeCoselier which is the guy from... the CEO, not the guy... the CEO from Wicked Reports and over there we are analyzing.

I also have videos about Hyros and other programs and what I believe about them. You can go, you can check it, I don't want to go into great extent about it into this podcast and we have also analyzed it in another podcast I believe in Nextent. So you can watch all of these and understand my opinion about it.

Just in few plain words, I don't believe that they are helping because you should watch the data inside the platform and optimize with this data instead of gambling with data that Facebook cannot see in order to optimize towards them. Now, the thing, the reason that I'm putting this comment is because of the Advantage Plus crazy method. We have analyzed several times what is the crazy method.

Sadly guys, if we analyze every time the crazy method in every podcast is going to be very boring. You can watch what is my crazy method. Again, in a very short term is when you run exactly the same ad in Advantage Plus or exactly the same ad set with the same ads, the same creatives, duplicated several times in a CBO campaign.

This is a crazy method. When you use exactly the same setting, ad set and ad or in Advantage Plus just exactly the same ad and you are duplicating several times so that you can target a lot of different hot pockets inside a very huge audience that you wouldn't have the chance of doing it in another way. You can check my video about the crazy method so that you can see also live examples there.

Now, the thing that I wanted to discuss today is the Advantage Plus and the crazy method because the whole idea about the crazy method came from the fact that you can actually target more hot pockets in a very broad audience because I was observing that when I was doing just one ad set with an audience of 20 million people, it would take me an enormous amount of time and money in order to target all of these people of the audience even when it was working. So my thought was what if I duplicated several times and then give it more budget so that it can spend more in this audience. I was watching that when I was just giving more budget to this single ad set it wasn't working as well as it was working when I was duplicating it several times and giving the budget like this to more ad sets which actually lead me to the idea that it's creating different hot pockets and this is why it's working better.

Now, as I said, the crazy method, the videos are there, you can go watch it and you can understand how it's working. The big question here is it's in my nature first of all because the crazy method goes with everything to whatever I see working to do it with crazy method. The same thing is happening with stacked lookalikes.

What is stacked lookalikes? When you use in an ad set 10% lookalikes of purchase, add to cart, an issage account and all of the other ones and you stack them together in an ad set instead of using just one and then you duplicate this ad set several times and you run it in a CBO. This is crazy method stacked lookalikes and then broad targeting.

So, I was doing broad targeting crazy method and add set with broad targeting and demographics or men or women or specific ages based on what we see on the breakdown of results and then you duplicate it several times and you run in a CBO. But then when the advantage class came, it has just only one ad set. So, I said, damn, Facebook has actually made it and I cannot use my crazy method here because I cannot duplicate inside the advantage plus several times the ad set in order to use it a lot of times.

So, I said, I said, f*** it. I'm going to do it with the ad. So, if the ad is working, I'm going to duplicate the ad several times.

Now, I'm thinking on my own here but I have never seen someone actually asking this but I was thinking the other day if the optimization is happening on the ad set level and guys, the people that, you know, because I created the YouTube channel because I wanted to give some extra information and more advanced information instead of beginning videos. So, if we have here advanced people, I would like to know also your opinion because still I haven't cracked the code about it. So, the thing here is this.

If the optimization and let me know in the comments, if the optimization is happening on the ad set level, okay, the crazy method is working because on the ad set level one would duplicate several ad sets, then we're targeting different hot pockets because the targeting is there. So, it's going to find the different hot pockets within the ad set. The targeting and the advantage plus is also on the ad set level.

So, if I cannot do it there, why when I'm optimizing and I'm having exactly the same ad, by the way, the way of thinking when I did it, it was just YOLO. Let's do it. Let me duplicate the ad several times to see how it's working.

And it was working the same way like a crazy method optimization where you were having exactly the same ad set but you were having different results, different KPIs, different return on ad spend. The same happened with the ads I was having. So, I started thinking, okay, it's creating different hot pockets for the different ads.

But why? Is advantage plus a different, does it have a different way of settings comparing to a normal campaign with the CBO or ABO with the ad set optimizing in the ad set level instead of the ad level? Are the normal campaigns also creating hot pockets in the ad level?

So, I haven't cracked the code yet on this. I'm thinking it all the time and I don't understand why. And sometimes, you know, the routine of doing ads again and again and again, it's sucking you and you're just saying, okay, it's working.

But I'm not okay with that. I want to understand why it's working like this. You know, it's a very easy explanation to say that, okay, Facebook has done it in a different way so it's optimizing in the ad level for the different hot pockets.

Okay, very easy explanation. But maybe some of you, you have different ideas. Just to recap, when we do the crazy method with CBO campaigns, we have a lot of adsets which are exactly the same with same ads.

And this is why they're forming and they're targeting different hot pockets because we target exactly the same people and the optimization is happening on the ad set level because this is where our targeting is. Now, unless if the optimization is happening on the ad level and not on the ad set level, it doesn't make any sense when we do one ad set in the Advantage Plus and several ads which are exactly the same, identical, exactly the same, not identical, then why do we have different results on the different ads when we use Advantage Plus Crazy method? Obviously, it's working.

I didn't expect Tim to tell me if it's working or not. Before I make a video and I propose something, I have seen it working at least in two or three or four accounts with the exception of manual bidding which sometimes I will tell you it's working if I see it in one or two accounts because it's not working in several. But over here, the way that I think of it, I'm thinking that maybe we have two solutions.

Three, either the Advantage Plus is built in another different way and it's optimizing on the ad level or all these years I was thinking that the optimization was happening on the ad set level but it's happening on the ad set and not the ad level or only on the ad level forming the different hot pockets there which could also work for CBO crazy method if they are making on the ad level the hot pockets or there's another third thing that we don't even know about. Okay, so this is why I wanted to do this video. Of course to tell you to use it because it's working.

Obviously it's working and it's not the only comment. There are several people that they say that it's working but also to let you know that I don't know why the f*** it's working. Okay and I cannot understand it completely yet and I know that we just make speculations about these things but you know anyway.

So let me know in the comments if you have any ideas even if they are crazy ideas. Now I have created a new video about the Mid-Journey AI. Mid-Journey AI is one AI which is producing images images and I'm explaining it also there but the whole idea is that I'm having some Airbnb properties and I wanted to create some paintings.

So the thing that I have done is that first I went to ChatGPT, I wrote down how my space looks and then I told ChatGPT to give me some proposals of what kind of paintings I could have there. Then ChatGPT gave me some proposals. Then I went to Mid-Journey AI and then I created those.

Then I found the ones that I like from the generation. Then I combined them because it has a blend option in there. You can see YouTube videos or you can wait for my video the next week so that you can see how it's working.

And then I created some of those. I took them out. They were not in a good DPI so that they can be printed.

So I took another AI to upscale them to a better quality and stuff with an enhancing and everything. You know, it took me a lot of hours of doing that but then I started thinking how can we actually use Mid-Journey if we want to do Facebook advertisement. And I said okay let's say that you have a Greek taverna for example or a restaurant and you can type to Mid-Journey AI to give you some images of different food and stuff so that you can put them on your catalog and stuff instead of just cooking everything and just taking pictures which we know that's an issue.

It can give you content for your social media so that you can upload it. And then I was seeing that it was making all of the images a little bit on a cartoon style. So if you watch the video you will see that I have some settings for specific cameras that they make the pictures look like real even when we talk about humans.

I have seen a lot of issues with hands and toes sometimes it's getting them as alien hands sometimes it's getting them with three fingers four fingers so it's not perfect yet but it's actually a very nice tool to play and you will have to start thinking of ways of using it. I think that local businesses can actually use it in that way. And yeah I guess wait for my video next week so that you can see how it's working.

If you want to play on your own or watch other videos on YouTube I think that this is something that you should do. Now let's go to something that came to my mail. It says hi Konstantinos the research team for small and medium business at MetaAd and studies to better understand how business use the MetaAd platform with an end goal of developing case studies and best practices to help businesses run successful advertisement campaigns.

We are looking for advertisers to participate in a remote ad test with the goal to understand the performance of purchase focused Meta campaigns comparing catalog ads versus static ads. If you are interested in participating please apply below by filling out a survey and they have a survey and they say selected participants who will fill all requirements of the test will receive up to $10,000 in ad credits to fully cover the cost of the ads created for this study and $50 MetaAd credits as a bonus for participation. Please note that there is limited number and stuff.

So I guess this is something that is coming out of the blue and they are proposing to advertisers a 10,000 credit. As I told you earlier, I'm going to tell you about all the credits that I learned about because maybe you can reach to one of your Facebook reps and they can actually help you with that so that you can get also the credit. Maybe you're going to be one of the limited spots over here.

So if you talk with your Facebook reps soon, talk to them about that. Maybe they can find you a spot. Now, there is a new message coming to to one of my ad accounts.

I don't think that it influenced me because I never advertised to people below 18 years old but still it's some news about and we are called breaking news Facebook ads podcast. So about advertising to teens. Again, I have zero accounts to that category.

Starting on February 20, 2023, some targeting and campaign options will no longer be available when you create ads that include people under the age of 18, under 20 in Thailand and under 21 in Indonesia in your desired audience. These changes are part of our overall efforts to strengthen the privacy and safety of teens across our platform. If you're currently running campaigns that use any of these affected options, we recommend that you update your adsense before April 7, 2023 to prevent them from being paused or automatically adjusted to target adults only.

To continue to reach teens, you can target by age and broad location and use allowed campaign options and then it has again that the context teens refers to people 13 to 17 in most countries, 13 to 19 in Thailand, 13 to 20 in Indonesia. If you are having advertisements to these ages, this is something that you should look and yeah, I know that it says February 20 but this is when this message came to this ad account. Of course, we never use 13 to 18 but still, I guess it's not breaking news, it's just news.

Now, let's go to the next question. We have my friend here at Zenlife Products. He says, Are you noticing a significant decrease in ROAS in March?

And for me, the decrease has been really significant. My cost per conversion are way up and my CPMs are going way up too. Any thoughts on this?

Why this is happening? And most probably because I see his next message over here, I think I told him, Dude, haven't you seen any of the podcasts? I'm saying this for the whole for past podcasts that this is happening and then he says, Because usually I read this, I thought I heard you say that in one of your videos, not in one, in several, but I wanted to double check.

This is what I heard about Facebook. They are constantly changing, so nothing works for any extended period of time. I disagree with that.

There are accounts that they're working for long periods. My CTRs are still really great, but my conversions are way, way down in March. I guess you have to see the start of this video, this podcast on what I said, that I believe that when a lot of people are going to go out of the game, then it's going to stabilize again.

Sorry man, I try to watch a lot of your videos, but some are long, so I lose focus and miss some things. Haha, love your content. So bro, it's honestly real.

Thank you very much. And I know that it's too much content. I was just joking, okay?

It's just to clear it out. I don't expect from all of you to just watch every week, I guess two, three hours of me talking. I think you have better things to do.

Now let's go to the next one. Great video. I have a quick question related to automatic placements.

I've launched my first campaign using automatic placements and when I break it down, it seems like the best placements is still Facebook feed, lower CPC, lower CPP, lower CPMs, etc. So logically, I've tried duplicating the campaign using Facebook feeds only and the results just deep down. High CPM, high CPC, CPP, etc.

Cost per purchase, he means. What you comment a bit on this, is it a flux or it's meta pushing all advertisers to use automatic placements by giving them better results? Okay, so for the people that they have been to this challenge since the beginning, one of my first videos, it was about automatic placements and why I believe that Facebook is stealing a little bit of each advertiser's budget by using automatic placements.

What is my way of thinking? First of all, back in the days when we had the breakdown of results, then they stopped and now they are also back. We could see that when you break down the results and of course now that the breakdown of results is back, there are more people that are just going to start realizing that Facebook is doing that.

We could see that you break down the results and then what do you observe? You observe immediately that the sales that you are having back in the day, it was Facebook feed, Instagram feed, Facebook stories, Instagram stories. And then we have the reels that came now and we have Facebook reels, Instagram reels also having some sales.

And then maybe you would see super early, one sale in stream, one sale in Instagram explore, one sale in Facebook article, something like that. In some placements I have never seen a sale even that. So I was starting saying that why is Facebook pushing the automatic placements then?

And then I thought that well for the money. Because if you take 30 cents, 20 cents of each one of the extra placements and you multiply this with all the ad sets, all the campaigns, all the ad accounts and all the businesses that exist there, the amount of money that they get out of that every month is an enormous amount of money. And of course, as we said, the algorithm is doing a management of advertisers so that it can give some percentage to you, some percentage to you and all of that.

So that being said, I truly believe this is the reason that it's also pushing it. Okay, because if they don't push automatic placements and they just tell everybody just to use these four placements, they are losing all of this money. It's a lot of money guys that they are getting out of that.

Now, second thing, after the breakdown of results, because before that I was using just Facebook feed, Instagram feed, you know, these four placements and after some point I realized that it was becoming expensive. It wasn't like this in the past. In the past you could run only the four and have better results.

Now, what I realized is that, I don't know if it's a conspiracy theory, but I realized that when you don't run these placements, then you have a problem. You have much more expensive ads and maybe you're going to have less results, especially if you run only one platform like Facebook or Instagram. You might go and you break down the results and you see that you have zero sales on Instagram and you want to run only on Facebook and then you see that you're not getting the same results or automatic placements.

So this is something that they have seen also. It's not a flux. I believe that it's happening in purpose and I believe that Facebook says, okay, and why do you care about it?

You're going to spend some money on the other placements, it's not going to work and eventually it's going to work and have a good spend for the placements that you are actually using. So, I started using calls automatic placements in some other accounts I didn't, especially in new ad accounts for sure. I was using automatic placements and I said to myself this, as I said earlier and a lot of times about this kind of things, the game is rigged and sadly Facebook is in dictatorship and we have to follow this dictatorship.

So, if Facebook wants us to spend like this in order to give us better results, fine, we're going to do it. What I really, what I'm really bothered about it is that they don't admit it. They can say for example in our faces that look, we want you to spend on automatic placements, either use one valid reason or tell us in our faces that we want that because we are losing money when you don't.

Okay, so we're going to f*** up all of your results if you don't use automatic placements. The reason that I'm saying all that is not because I'm a renegade which is not going to run ads with automatic placements, I'm going to use automatic placements because I want to have the best possible results. But what I really care about is to know that I'm doing this in purpose and I understand why Facebook is doing it instead of thinking that Facebook has tricked me.

Do you understand? Does this change the result? No, Facebook is still going to steal me some money.

Okay, but at least I know it, you know. Anyway, and now you also know it. Yeah, let's move on.

It's something that I've been discussing for years and I never understood. It's not that I never understood, I understand it, but I think it's a very huge issue that nobody is confronting Facebook about it. Now we have Paolo Montano.

Hello Costantinos, have you ever used or heard of AnyTrack? Now AnyTrack is a new thing, okay, it's coming. Before we had Hiro's, Wicked Reports, then TripleWell.

Now I can see AnyTrack more and more questions about AnyTrack. And if you have, what's your opinion on this software? To be honest with you, I haven't used AnyTrack and as I said at the start of this one, I think that you should go and watch my podcast about these programs.

I said earlier what I believe about these products and yeah, at the start of the video, with the first comment that we had from Tim, I said what I believed about these programs and that I don't like to use them. Now, one other thing, this is another question, one other thing, not sure if my thinking is correct, but I'm sharing. The chances of our conversion rate to be higher than 0.5% is nearly zero.

This is the high ticket item customer that I have. It was never higher in history. This means if CPC is $2, we pay $400 per customer.

If CPC is $3, we pay $600 per customer. This is the best case scenario. It is not wise to look at the cost per landing page view and make sure it is under $3.

Now, what is the biggest mistake that he's doing here? Especially in high ticket items, you might see that one of your ads is starting with $1, $2, $3, whatever, and maybe it's going to end up having $6, $7, $8. Why?

Because Facebook is optimizing for the purchase and maybe the cost per click, cost per landing page is going to become expensive because it's looking for specific people that they're willing to pay a lot of money, especially in high ticket items. Now, this can be a valid point if you do conversion ads, okay, not traffic ads in order to get very cheap traffic because this is junk traffic. But if you do conversion ads and you try to lower your cost per landing page for t-shirts and stuff, it makes sense.

But if we talk about high ticket items, the more you are spending in a campaign which is optimizing for purchases, the more you might see the cost of click and CPC rising. It's the same thing that we observe in the targeting campaigns. You can see that the cost per click there, it's much higher, but we have much better quality of people there and it's converting better and it has better ROAS.

So I think that this way of thinking is wrong by just controlling the traffic when you cannot control the quality of the traffic, you are not going to make better conversion rates, especially high ticket items. We see on campaigns by the way that they are optimizing for purchases, throughout the time when they get purchases and stuff. We see that the cost per click is rising because it's trying to find better quality people.

Now, let's go to Tim here. Great tips again, what minimum CTR is your benchmark for broad CBO and advanced plus campaigns for products that are lower than $50? Now, the CTR and of course I'm going to talk about unique CTR here.

The minimum that I would use is 1%, okay? Now, it's not a metric that I'm looking so much. I'm mostly looking cost per click and not CTR so much.

Cost per unique click and not cost per click. Cost per unique click is something that they want to have depending on the account also below the dollars and in several cases below $1 in conversion campaigns. The thing here is that CTR, I would say minimum 1% but there are cases that you might see 6% it is not going to be well.

I guess that what you need to see here is to check the averages and try to understand if one of your creatives is doing better than the other. Now, we go here to Nikolai. He sent a message to my group.

He says, hello group, how are you doing? I have some struggles with advertising pet lovers gifts. Can someone give some advice about advertising in this niche?

Thanks, have a good day. Most probably he's a dropshipper and this is the niche that most people pick as dropshippers and the way that he's writing, I understand that he doesn't know how to run Facebook ads most probably which is good, not good which is fine. But let me tell you something about the people that you're writing comments on the group, I need to tell you that you cannot ask this kind of general questions.

It's like he's asking how can I run Facebook ads? You know, I cannot answer this with a comment. My answer to him it was go watch all of my videos, learn how to do Facebook ads in a better way because there's no way that I can answer this question with a proper way, I guess.

Okay, yeah that's it. Just so you know about whoever wants to make a question. Then we go to active digital marketing, the usual suspect here.

What is your thought on using automated rules of campaign for the weekend for clients who don't want to run campaign Saturday and Sunday? I reply, I never use automated rules. If a client doesn't want doesn't what what I tell them I guess my English is bad here, that it is not correct and that I won't do it.

If they don't like it they can fire me. Simple as that. If there's a serious reason then I would just relax every Monday until Friday and he says this strategy actually works on call campaigns though in some accounts and I told him that I won't disagree whatever it works if doing it I just told you what I would do.

I don't believe in automated rules. I'm thinking of, I think that I made a video and yeah yeah I made a video recently about automated rules. I don't know when it's going to come live.

The thing about automated rules is that when you use automated rules there are specific periods that the other accounts are not going to do well and with automated rules maybe all of your campaigns are going to be shut down. Second thing I was showing in this video that there was a certain period that the ads didn't do well in an ad account but I know that this ad account is strong so I was waiting there for seven days and the actual result of the whole month it actually rewarded me because I had scaling, good draws and I was also managed to set myself in a very good position for the next month. So with automated rules most probably everything was going to be ruined.

Another thing is that I don't believe that you should close your ads on specific days and then open them again. I don't believe, especially in other accounts that you're having a lot of different campaigns then I think it's a problematic situation because you're going to lose some of the campaigns if you do that all the time. And for example you're cutting the data for two days.

Even if you have bad results you're having some results and I think that you should watch all of your ads in the course of seven days and take the average instead of just evaluating them in a daily level because Facebook has fluctuations from time to time. Also I don't believe in running ads with live with a specific schedule which is coming with lifetime budget and cut them for example from 12 o'clock to 6 o'clock and then starting all over again and running them with budget because in my life I have seen only one account working very well with lifetime budgets. So this is my opinion.

Then we go to Federico. Hello since March 9th I am running a 20 dollar broad campaign in Japan. By the way I have never advertised in Japan.

I would love to advertise in Japan. I never had declined from there. Only Instagram because on Facebook sales don't come in some provinces where majority of sales come.

Okay. Ads is ABO with three videos and I think is going pretty well considering the average average selling price is 120-140 euros. What do you think I should do next?

Keep as it is or taking video 3 which is he sent it a print screen with that which is pushed by Facebook and made most of the sales and create another campaign with crazy method like two or three copies with same 20 dollar budget or what else? Thanks. So first of all I wouldn't do a crazy method with 20 euros only.

What I would do is that I would duplicate exactly the same campaign and run it with another 20 because over here you're not having a lot of budget so that you can do a whole campaign with crazy method broad targeting as you do here. So what you can do is leave this one so that you can have one working, duplicate it, run another one with 20 and see if you can do that. If you had 100 dollars for example I would run one crazy method with 100 dollars and four adsets.

Something like that. Now let's go to the next question. By the way the crazy method is a it's a scaling strategy and it needs some budget.

You cannot just run it without budget. Konstantinos thank you very much for your reply. This is interesting and definitely what I was expecting what I was expecting was happening.

Related to the scaling technique you described in the video what do you recommend when the performance with the initially strongest creatives begins to decline at the allocated budget? My first thought would be to increase budget so that the meta can expand the advantage plus audience in the declining campaign but I'm more interested in trying your scaling method of setting up multiple separate advanced plus campaigns and giving the previously outperformed creatives to those. Is there any point?

First of all let me answer to that. When you're going to give more budget to an advanced plus campaign it's going to try to expand the audience which is not good because in the audience that is working right now it's having sales so when you give it more budget it's going to try to expand it which means that you have better chances of it failing because it's trying to find sales in a new audience that it wasn't targeting before. So the correct solution if something is failing is to lower your budget in order to give less budget for the exact same audience that the advantage plus is targeting so that it can try to optimize in this one but with less budget because most probably the higher budget that it has it doesn't help it and it's starting to lose ROAS because it cannot find the sales that it has to have.

So it's a wrong idea to increase the... this is... you're the first one that that I have seen mentioning that.

I don't know if Facebook is pushing any concept because it sounds like Facebook bullshit but anyway the correct approach is to lower the budget in order to let it spend in the same audience that it's working less money so that it can stabilize to higher ROAS. And then we go for the... you say also that you want to test my method of actually duplicating the campaign again, leave the...

take out the ones that are working in the initial campaign and run it with the rest just to remind you that you need more than 25-30 creatives for that way of doing it. Also you have the crazy method of advanced plans which is duplicating the same ad that is working your leading ad several times. Is there any point to turning off a declining advanced plus campaign in order to let it rest?

And is it even possible to turn it back on after a couple of weeks or will it never pick up stream again? Okay so if something is not having good results in the last seven days you just close it okay? There's nothing to do about it.

But as I said several times for a lot of things whenever something is working and it stops working for a period because a lot of optimization because your pixel is new it doesn't matter because you have a bad month period. Okay in this case let me tell you that most of the times when you're going to relance it you're going to have some decent results. Maybe it's going to be revitalized for a very long period maybe for a small period but still something that was working when you relance it duplicated and launched it and by that relance I mean that you duplicate it and you started the next day at 6am okay?

It's going to work. There is no point for you to close something and then just go and open it. It doesn't make any sense because the optimization window that you have is seven days so the data is going to stay there for seven days in order to use them and find more safe.

I truly believe that you should not even close it for one or two days like what we said earlier about the weekends but here what I want you to understand is that if something is it was working in the past you don't have to reinvent the wheel so in that case I wouldn't close it so that it can rest there's no such thing. I would just close it turn it off duplicate it run it all over again optimize it all over again finding new hot pockets with my spend and run it for as long as I can and then if it does again I would relance it again and so on. And I'm not saying because you're asking will it never steam pick up steam again you might turn it on after two three weeks and might start getting sales.

This doesn't mean that it's the best possible way. The best possible way is to relance it because if we think of it in a technical level the only reason for you to reopen something if you want which I don't do it still I'm telling you that I just relance campaigns is if you close it for example for three days your attribution window your attribution setting in the asset level is on seven days so you say okay at least I have four days of data so let me open it so that it can use this four days data. If you leave it for three four five weeks there's no point of turning it on because it's going to start from the beginning.

Okay start with a new campaign id then duplicate it and start the optimization all over again. Now let's go to the next one active digital marketing. I'm trying to advertise tea in Australia right now and the CPC is ridiculous right 9 to 17 in many cases that's huge.

We did get some conversions for the small amount of clicks we are getting we're switching creatives but CPC is still too high. What are your thoughts? I created a video I believe again yesterday I have a new client it's startup it's an acne product and the problem with acne is that I have seen it working very well with trained pixels but it's very difficult to train the pixel because always the acne clients they are just a sub niche within a lot of different big niches like La Roche-Posay, Avene or other skincare brands.

The problem here is that you're going to have a lot of failures until you try to train it and the thing is that you need to constantly try creatives all the time until you see some improvement and the other thing is that you need to constantly try different targetings and when something is working and you are having sales at least solve this problem so that you will know that all the creatives that you will test from that point and later you're going to be testing them in an interest that is working and you're going to focus on the creative side and you have crazy method for that because if you run a CBO with a lot of different interests in assets and stuff then you can take one combination or just one interest that you have seen that is working very well run it with crazy method to have different hot pockets and you're going to be sure that it's going to be serving well your different creatives and then test a lot of different creatives in order to try to improve the cost this time but in order for you to do that you need to establish one specific set of interests one interest maybe reach to the point that you can use lookalikes and start lookalikes and do that so that you can be sure that you are going to have the best possible audience that is going to be tested again against the creatives your creatives are going to be tested against this audience okay i hope that makes sense now let's go to the next one hello sorry to bother you again i have a limit of 250 ads on my ads account so i need to reach 100k spent in 30 days to unblock this currently i spend 2k daily for for scaling your crazy method CBO is really working well but this cost me a lot of creatives i have five ads by Adset and my cpa is around 18 euros so if i want a 30 dollar 30 euros daily spend CBO need okay and he does calculation 85 ads to struggle this i think to scale with advantage plus what's your advice in this case advanced plus is a very nice tool of course in new ad accounts i don't know if your ad account is new the problem is that first of all you have a limit which is going to be also met with advanced plus if you use a lot of creatives also you have only five ads which is problematic for advanced plus you need to put more and another thing is that it's broad targeting so if you want to target only women or men especially with new pixels it's going to be problematic at the start it doesn't mean that you should not test it the other thing that i want to say here though is that you have dynamic creative ads which you can use with CBO campaigns instead of using five different ads and they're working also very well i think i have a video which is explaining that it's called the ads that they're going to beat your ads something like that it's one of my first videos and i think that this is going to help you a lot to test a lot of creatives because you can test 10 creatives five copies and five descriptions and yes i think that this is your solution along with advanced flash if advanced flash is not working well because the new pixel and broad targeting cannot be supported yet go to CBO and work with dynamic creative ads if you want to do more and crazy method of course to be honest with you with two with you have 100k spent okay it's not a lot you can use a crazy method and stuff it's going to be fine i i don't think with 250 ads you have a problem of doing anyway uh advanced plus though for a spend of 100k spent per month i think it's ideal and it can help you a lot uh last question hi there let's say i have sales from 10 am to 10 pm mostly should i run a schedule on my new sales campaign for this time because i have seen that my sales came mostly uh in this time period uh we have answered this one extensively sorry for not putting it at the at the right point uh but as i said um first of all whatever it works okay if it's working keep doing it it doesn't matter what constantinos or whoever you are seeing it's telling the other thing is that i don't believe in that i believe that the more the time passes by the more the campaigns optimize and have sales during the whole day maybe on sunday you will have a sale between 10 am and 10 pm maybe on monday you will have also a sale which is coming on 12 and one on one o'clock i have never seen consistently a campaign which is running for two three months to have all the sales in specific specific hours of the day the majority yes but some sales some days come randomly another time and another time so i don't think that you should put it uh in a schedule i think that you should let it run like this and it's going to optimize on its own and based on what we said about weekends and stuff i don't believe in this kind of stuff but as i said whatever it works if it were if it's working for you keep doing it don't listen to costantinos or to anyone uh now let's go to freelancer diaries and then we can close the video uh sorry if this podcast is a little bit more uh you know in other words i have to tell you that i'm a little bit exhausted right now i had a very difficult day of doing some stuff and if it was a boring podcast i would like to apologize for that um please bear with me let's go to the uh let's go to the freelancer diaries um we have facebook marketplace ads expert wanted looking for facebook marketplace expert i own a local furniture store store i want to advertise on facebook marketplace and get more sales only applying if you can guarantee sales if not please don't apply willing to pay 200 per month to run the ads and more if you drive more results i would like to rephrase this one and i'm not going to comment it a lot um only apply if you are very good at lying and you can convince me that you can guarantee sales because this is what this person is asking it's asking for somebody who is going to be very good at tricking him and convincing him that he's going to guarantee sales it's not about somebody guaranteeing sales because nobody cannot guarantee any sales it's about the money that you are lose you're going to lose for someone who is going to tell you that i'm going to guarantee you sales i or i don't want to get paid um and i will run the ads if somebody doesn't want to get paid it means that he's not good and he wants to use your money in order to learn facebook ads okay and these are things that you need to understand on your own and not a guy from greece named kostantinos should come here and tell you those so i think that if you rephrase it in a way of saying that only apply if you can if you are a good liar and you can convince me that you can guarantee sales i think that it would be the best upwork job post that i would have ever seen in the past uh years uh guys that's all i had for you uh i hope that you like the podcast even um i'm sorry you know if if if it's not a good podcast and the content is not good i'm really sorry uh i'm trying my best here to keep up with the content and i will try to do a podcast the next week uh despite the easter uh if you don't see it we will do another one uh the the in two weeks which means that most of all is going to be a question podcast because i will have gathered a lot of your questions on that period and i will see you i hope next week or the other week have a nice day this was the facebook ads breaking news podcast like it or not it is what it is so you you