Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hi guys, Podcast 91. We're video shooting just one day before Black Friday, so I don't know for how long I'm going to do it, but I know that it's really late already and you know, I'm under stress on this period.

But on the other hand, you know, it's good to manage big expense and stuff, you're learning a lot of things. Today we're going to talk about our strategy after Black Friday. What am I going to do in the next days, but it doesn't matter because you're going to see this on Saturday.

Maybe you can see what you will do based on what we will say for Cyber Monday and then for Christmas. We're going to discuss in the next podcast about the wellness and health drama that we do have. I'm going to say a little bit of that and we have one thing from Reddit, stupidity and then we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 and one multi question at the end from Liar45.

So let's start first of all from wellness and health. We do have a lot of news that there's going to be a change on wellness and health and that we're going to have a problem. I'm going to mention extensively what I believe about it in the next podcast.

It's going to be the main topic. But just for this week, for all of you that you worry about, first of all, don't care so much about it because this is something that is going to come on the 15th of January and if you think that this is only one month away, just understand that this is Meta and maybe they're even not going to do it at the end. So with Meta we don't worry before things happen, we worry after things happen.

Now, basically they're saying that for companies that they're in wealth, wellness and health like skincare brands, supplements and all of that, which are a lot of companies, they're not going to be able to use all of the bottom of funnel events like purchases, check out, add to cart, they're going to be able to or even lead events, they're going to be able to use only engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns, reach campaigns, they're going to be able to use campaigns like video view campaigns, this kind of campaigns okay, which are not considered bottom funnel. So this is something that we will discuss next week, but in my opinion, don't worry before you see it happening. Also, we don't know which companies are going to be categorized as wellness and health, so we have a lot of road ahead of us for that, but we will analyze it.

Now, I have this one, which is a campaign post strategy. This guy already says, I have seen several times in this forum that there are people who have found that posing strategies, posing campaigns when they fail into poor performance after several days of good performance has worked for them. I'm exactly in this situation now and I can really find the post that talk about this strategy.

Could someone explain to me how to do it correctly? Thank you very much. So I always upvote for this kind of stupid things on Reddit and basically when I see this on Reddit, I just avoid it because it would be nice for all of these people that they are inexperienced to stop their ads so that all of us that we do spend and we are more experienced, we can continue spending and have better results because of them.

So, I guess if you're watching this channel, you know that we don't do this kind of stuff, but these people, they don't, so they are just go and they just stop their ads and this is good for all of us that we don't on a bad day. Let's talk a little bit about strategy after this small, you know, roasting on this campaign post strategy. I really liked it from the title.

Mostly I really liked the post strategy campaign because we have the crazy method and all of that. So post strategy campaigns looked interesting. But yeah, we have shown other times posts like this and we talked about it in the podcast on how we think that they're benefiting us and if you are a supporter of this channel, you've seen them already, please abort them.

Abort them so that people can stop their ads so that we can have better results. That's my strategy to make it known so that more of you, you can abort them and people will stop using them. Now, we are going to talk about Black Friday and what's happening now.

Is it a good Black Friday? In my opinion, so far, yes. I need to share a secret with you.

This year because of the baby and because I'm stressed a little bit more and stuff, I have taken a decision because in the next year, I want to focus on the course and make, in my opinion, the best course that's going to be out there. So I'm going to be very careful how to do it and stuff. I'm going to do ads for it.

I'm going to do videos for it. I'm going to do everything. I wanted to, first of all, focus on that, on preparing the whole plan for it.

How am I going to structure it and everything? The second thing is that I was stressed already with the baby. It's not that I have less time because you can hire people like nannies and all of that.

It's that at the night, you cannot hire people if your baby is not sleeping. And time unlucky because I'm lucky. I'm very lucky that I have here.

But sadly, she's not sleeping. So I have this problem of not sleeping also at night, trying to help also. It's not a big issue for me from the perspective that all of my clients are from United States and stuff and I'm staying up at night.

So I still have things to do. But on the other hand, I'm sleeping only in the day, which is a little bit, you know, problematic. So what I'm trying to do is that I said to myself for the last two months, which is going to be the November and December, you're going to ditch any client that you think that you cannot help or any bad client that he is spamming you with messages and stuff panicking.

Because the truth guys is that you might have a client which is spending half a million and he talks to you once per week and you might have a client that's spending 3K per month and he's talking to you six times every day. Okay? So I decided that all of these people, because of all of the things that I told you earlier, I want to stop with them.

And I ditched out all the bad accounts or non-promising accounts and stuff. And I stayed with the big ones, with the better ones and stuff. So I don't know if I'm the right person right now to say if in general Black Friday is good, but for me it's an amazing Black Friday.

And I expected it that it was going to be an amazing Black Friday. Now, most of the times back in the day when I was speaking, if it was a good period or bad period, I had an idea because of having good, bad accounts, medium accounts at the same time. Right now, I'm going to stop telling you how the ad accounts are doing.

I'm just going to tell you what I hear from the market and from other people that I trust, other freelancers, some of my students and stuff. But it's not going to be my opinion anymore because I have only good ad accounts right now and it wouldn't be fair to express my opinion about them. And that's the decision that I took.

So for me it's going really well. I'm working with accounts that I know, with people that I know, even with new customers there that they have good accounts. I'm having the chosen files that I need to have so that there are not going to be that many with people that they have very good potential to scale on Black Friday.

And I'm actually going to make an impact after them paying me 10k for the mentorship. And everyone's happy. Okay.

And I can do my work. Now, am I going to take medium or bad accounts or promising accounts from the next year? Yes, 100%.

But I needed two months, you know, to recuperate, you know, a little bit. So that's it. Now for Black Friday, it's an amazing Black Friday for me.

What do I hear from others? It's a good Black Friday in general. That's what I hear from others.

Now, right now I'm in the process of seeing that even for my strong accounts, I had a very good Monday. Then in the next two days it dropped a little bit. Today, which is Thursday, is picking up again.

So I'm scaling a little bit more. So I did a very big scaling on Monday for the accounts that they started their Black Friday ads on Monday. Okay.

There are other companies that they started much earlier, where I just didn't do any scaling. I was just trying to be profitable on all that period. And they started scaling from Monday, but with less percentage.

So basically, Monday was a scaling day. The next two days, if I could see on some accounts that they still have strong days, comparing to Monday, though, this time I was scaling again. On some others, I was staying low.

Today, Thursday, I'm increasing a little bit more my spend because I want to do a very big scaling on Friday, which I'm going to... I cannot give you percentages or how many more times more I'm going to spend. It's just different in each of the accounts.

The really big advice that I give to everyone is that just be a little bit more aggressive or more aggressive or not a little bit or more aggressive, whatever, from what you would have done if you see this kind of results in another period. Okay. So if you increase with 200, this time increase with 400.

Okay. So for Friday, okay, only for Friday. Then on weekend, we are going to try to drop our spend back to what we were spending on Thursday or a little bit more.

Depends on the business again, if you have good weekends or not or they're slower. And then on Cyber Monday, I'm not going to do the same mistake that I did the previous year. I did scale less than Black Friday.

This year, I'm going to scale exactly the same amount as I did with Black Friday. So on Cyber Monday, I will try to spend the same amount. Now, it goes without saying that this is a strategy that we're going to use in other accounts that they have email marketing, SMS marketing, they have everything in place.

If you're just a company that you're not getting good results anyway in the Black Friday week, don't scale at all. Just try to see what kind of profits you're going to have the whole Black Friday period. But if you are seeing that you're getting much better results on Monday and all of that and Black Friday is working for you, keep scaling and do what we said.

Now, Christmas ads. I have a video which is coming live on Monday about Christmas ads, but let me tell you how I see it going. So we have all of our Evergreen campaigns and all of the other campaigns that we have done.

If you have cost caps, as I have in some of the accounts, I'm scaling also the Evergreen, also the Black Friday cost caps. So both of them are being scaled. After Cyber Monday, you can take them back down to normal prices that you have, normal spends that you have before Monday kicks in.

So the only Evergreen thing that you can scale during that period, in my opinion, is the cost cap campaigns or if you have also Bitcap. That being said, I do believe that after that, you're going to close your Black Friday ads on after Cyber Monday and you're going to be left with the cost caps which are scaled. I think you should lower also your cost caps, which are going to go back to normal spends that you had before Monday.

And basically then, most of the people are going to keep a buffer period of seven days. This is not only just so that you're not going to start a promo immediately, it helps also on the ads. Let me tell you why.

Because you're going to see right now your Evergreen campaigns are having inflated results. So the thing that you're going to see in these seven days is how these campaigns are going to behave after the inflation of Black Friday. And if you see that one of the Evergreen campaigns it's actually failing after the Black Friday, maybe you have a problem over there.

That obviously, if in the average results you are fine, you don't have to remove the campaign. But if you see that you're dropping so much that it's hitting your average results, maybe you can see which campaigns have been benefited from these inflation results and maybe these ones that they haven't been benefited as Evergreen campaigns. And you can keep only those.

One week after Cyber Monday, you're going to start ads or five days or four days, you understand my point. After four, five days or one week, whatever, you're going to start your Christmas ads. And basically, it's going to be a much smaller promo comparing to Black Friday, okay.

So you're not going to do any scaling during that period unless if something is working very well or you are having a seasonal product which is working well for Christmas, you're going to do your campaigns. You're going to keep your campaigns up to the day that you are able to send the product so that it can reach before the 25th, that everybody wants to receive their presents. And that's it.

That's how you go, okay. So you keep again your Evergreen ads, you go through the Christmas, you create Christmas ads, you can do cost-cops, see if they work and see if you can scale a little bit there also. But in general, it's not as aggressive as it is with Black Friday.

Then we have the Q4 basically, which means that it's going to be a period that Meta is going to tell you to spend more because less people advertise. This is also a period for me that I use as a buffer period after Christmas in order to see which Evergreen campaigns are surviving. And then we go on January, which is going to be a very good month traditionally.

Is it because of New Resolution Year? Is it because of Chinese New Year coming later for China and so on and everything closes? I don't know, but January traditionally is a very good month.

And if you have any promo for the New Year that you're going to do, I would strongly suggest you to do it on February instead of January because January is going to be good anyway. I hope that now that I'm saying that it's going to be another good January and I'm not going to jinx it. But let's see.

So that's the strategy. I have also a video coming on Monday about Christmas strategy and after the end of Black Friday, I have some interesting video coming with how ad accounts behaved and all of that in Black Friday so that we can discuss it and see what we can learn out of them. For example, I have another account which I know that is very strong and I was holding my position on the spend without lowering my budget and just when the Black Friday came, even if I was negative for 16 days in a row, then I was positive because of Black Friday.

So I kept my spend and I was also made profits in the whole month of November just because I didn't lose. So these are things that I would like to show you and explain to you in some videos because they are really interesting, at least for me. Let's go to your questions and I will try to go as fast as I can because obviously today it's a stressful day.

Hi Constantinople, nice video. Please, I have had a case of my Facebook ads account spending more than my ads budget. What do I do about it?

So this is a general misconception of people not understanding how...not understanding. This is a new thing from Meta, by the way. Back in the day, you were saying, okay Meta, I want you to spend 100 and it was spending 100.

Right now, if you put 100 per day, it might spend 87, okay, one day. Another day it can spend 112, another day it can spend 96 and another day it can spend 105. The whole idea and the concept here from Meta is that we are spending more in the days that we see it's doing better or less in days that it's doing bad.

The only thing that they are going to keep is that in the seven days period, if you see the last seven days, they are going to spend 700. So it's going to be always 700 and not more. Now, that being said, I know that you don't have control in between the days and it's annoying, but on the other hand, I haven't seen this being a very big disadvantage for the other accounts or causing issues.

So yes, they are going to respect the budget of the seven days period and not the daily budget. It can be up and down, nothing crazy. So don't imagine that one day it will spend 200.

No, but it can spend 150, for example, okay, and another day it will spend 70 and try to normally bring it to have 700 in the last seven days in the example that I just gave you. Next one. And you can do nothing about it since you're asking.

This is how Facebook is working nowadays. I continue to respond. My question for the video is, let's say that my average cost per purchase is 60.

I have a CBO with 70 euro. So I'm waiting for one possible purchase. Is this the same if I have one or two or three ads or one or two or three ads inside the CBO?

No, it is not the same because you have to expect for the CBO to split the budget, okay? So either you are going to go to higher budgets in order to have several ads or run an ABO or an ASC with this kind of budget instead of running a CBO with multiple ads. Because at the end of the day, the budgets are daily and even if you're spending 3,000 to one month, Meta cares about how much you spend in a day.

Meta is not going to say, okay, this guy spent 50 yesterday, so let's take the other 50 today and let's give him a sale for $100 cost per purchase. He's not going to say that. Every day he's going to say, this guy is giving me 50.

Can I bring him a sale for 50, 20, 30, whatever? Okay, so the budgets are daily. Does cost per purchase refers to campaign to adsets or to ads?

To adsets mostly on a CBO, if you're referring to CBO. On advanced shopping campaigns, because we have really dominant ads, you can work with multiple ads and actually having a budget which is... So for example, if you have 10 ads in an ASC campaign and your cost per purchase is 50 and you put $100 budget, that's totally fine.

But it's the way that the campaign is working, it's working with the dominant ads so the budget is not going to be distributed across all of the ads which is going to hurt you. On the CBO, we have more distribution between the ad sets so you have to be careful of your daily CBO budget. Hope it was clear.

Thanks a lot for your answers. Thank you also. Next one.

So that means if for example, we have an ABO and in there a set with 20 spent, we can double if it performs well, since learning doesn't really matter etc. Yes, you can do that because the whole point here is I was telling them how to increase the budgets in an ASC and CBO Facebook campaigns and when. The concept here is that whoever is speaking about the 20% rule, especially...

So let's say that I'm meeting you okay and you're telling me that you're spending $100 per day and I'm telling you okay scale 20% every day, then that means that I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about because the 20% rule is theory which is coming from the learning phase. So I know that by you spending $100 per day, unless if you have $5 cost per purchase or whatever, which is unlike, you're not going to pass the 50 events in order to pass the learning phase. So what's the point of scaling with something that's not going to take you out of the learning phase while you have never passed the learning phase?

You know, it's stupid. It's just something that everybody talks about but they don't understand from where it's coming from and why they are proposing it. So you can do whatever you want.

It's not about learning phase, it's about cost per purchase that you have. My example was that if you have $100 cost per purchase okay and you're spending $100 and then you do 20% then that means that you're going to spend $120. Guess what is going to happen?

It's not going to give you two sales with $60 each, most likely. Maybe it's going to, but most likely it's not. It's going to spend the $120 and it's going to...

So if you're getting $100 cost per purchase consistently, not most likely, in a consistent, in between the days for a very long period of time, it's not going to give you $60 just because you increased to $120 or because later you increased to $140. It's not going to give you $70. So what you're doing is you're losing days in between, lowering your budget and...

Not lowering your budget, in between you're losing days giving to Facebook more budget that it cannot give you another sale with. Okay, what's the logic thing to do? Increase by $100.

So I have a sale with $100, increase by $100 and even if you don't like $100 cost per purchase, then increase it to $180 for example. Try to go for $90 those cost per purchase with two sales. But increasing it to $120 makes no sense from the perspective that first of all you haven't passed the lending phase.

If you spend $100 per day and you have $100 cost per purchase because you have seven days, seven sales in the period of the week. Okay, seven days click, one day view attribution or seven days click, whatever and you haven't passed the lending phase. So what's the point of using the 20%?

That was the thing. Okay, so you can do whatever you want. You can increase and decrease.

It's not like you're getting your ad outside of the lending phase. It hasn't passed the lending phase and that's why I'm telling you a lot of times that you should not care about the lending phase, especially on this kind of budget. The lending phase makes sense if you are spending something really big.

Let's say for example that you're spending $5k per day and then you're increasing with 20%. You have passed the lending phase, it makes sense to increase with 20%. All of that makes sense there.

But if somebody is proposing you to scale with 20% with small budget, it means that they don't know what they're talking about or they haven't thought about it. Next one. I think I need to change strategies with my Facebook ads to try and get more consistent sales for my online course but I'm not sure what to do.

So far I've been running ads called to my opt-in page for a masterclass and then pitching my course. So you're not running immediately ads to actually sell your course. You're trying to have a different funnel.

I respect it if it works but let's see. In some follow-up emails, okay, so then you do email marketing. These ads are just basically addressing pain points and promoting my masterclass.

Most of the time I run ads since DCA. I get more great initial results with high quality leads and I make sales but then the results start to really drop after about 10 days. Guess why?

Because you are not optimizing for purchase and you optimize for leads. So it doesn't know which leads actually converted. So you do optimize for leads, it gets a lead so it tries to find similar people but it doesn't know which are the people from these leads that they have converted.

That's why it's always better to optimize for your final event. Worst quality leads, signing up and the ads start to fatigue. So I just run some new ads which sometimes work and sometimes doesn't.

Okay, I've heard mention that Facebook is good that they can give some red hot leads initially when you're targeting cold traffic with new ads and then things start to dwindle. Is it better to warm up your audience first? It's not about warming up, it's about having a proper event.

So why don't you try to sell your course immediately with a purchase event? You might have better results instead of trying to get leads. So they try different sort of ads.

I've seen on YouTube about an omnipresent campaign where you can have some value emails and then retarget those who watch the video to get opt-ins. So I think that's the thing that I'm going to say. I think that's the thing that I'm going to say.

The thing is that do I have any doubt that this strategy is working somewhere? Yes, it does. Does this mean that you have to go and without understanding what you're doing to just take it and try to implement it in your ad account without thinking why and if it's going to work for you?

That's my problem over here. Okay, so then you say I'm concerned about getting a positive ROAS with this as my course is priced at 297, which is a normal price to sell on internet immediately. I've been selling items even for 3k, 4k.

So they pitch my masterclass and offer some value in the same ad. That way those who click on my opt-in page are at least a little warm. I guess this video would have to be a little longer.

I think you should sell immediately your course with a purchase event and try to make it work like this as I said. Alternatively, should I try a look-alike audience of these more engaged leads from the past results? I could find out which people click and open emails so that there are better quality quality and those who have bought.

You can try that if you want but still eventually, because you have a wrong way of actually doing it so you're going for leads, eventually you will get some good leads and the leads are going to be again bad at the end of the day. I'm not sure if you have enough data. I know you need at least 100 leads for the same country.

Any thoughts? Or should I just carry on testing new ads constantly and carry on with what I have been doing targeting cold traffic? I told you my opinion about it.

I think this is what you need to follow and I'm going to wish you good luck with it because if it's working with lead generation, most probably with good creatives it should work immediately also by trying to sell it directly. Hi Constantinos, I've just seen the video but I really don't understand what you did to break the loop. Maybe it's because I speak Portuguese but could you detail here a little bit?

Thank you so much. Basically guys, in order for you to break the daily loop you need to either do creatives with different concepts, for example if you are selling if you're selling pens you can just show for example a pen for someone who is writing normally, a pen for someone who goes to school or a pen for someone who is doing calligraphy. Okay and it's very good for this.

Or a pen who is being used like these ones for example for lifestyle. Okay so it's not just a simple pen, it's a pen that you can take it, it's actually like wearing a Rolex. Okay so you have different ways.

The other way is by having ads in different countries and the other way is by doing different products of course. Okay and next one. Great content, Constantinos have a question.

Why whenever I create another product category campaign the old and consolidated one campaign stops selling? You have a solution, thanks. I think that my friend you have to see all of my daily loop theory videos and why this is happening with examples on ad account that has happened and why it's happening and basically this is the daily loop and I said earlier on how you should break it.

Basically it's because the product you're trying to sell it cannot scale and you're actually trying to sell to the same people so Facebook is dividing the sales between two campaigns instead of trying to find another hot pocket to sell to. Hey Constantinos this is a very specific question but how would you structure a lead campaign with 30 euro per DAG budget with an untrained pixel? I already know one single campaign using MBO because under 50 but I'm struggling with the assets and ads.

So general rules about the how many ads per ad set is three to five ads and right now we do not have dynamic creative ads so we are going to use not flexible ads because they're bad yet some people say that they might want to bring back dynamic creative ads but I haven't confirmed this with any meta official. So yeah now in a new pixel, a new account basically you are in the dark room okay so you're just going to test different things you're going to test prod, you're going to test this and that. What would I do because it's a lead generation campaign I would expect a lower lead.

I would do a CBO with three ads trying to test but then I would have adapted to the CPMs that I'm seeing, to the numbers that I'm seeing, to the cost per lead that I'm seeing. If I don't see any cost per lead I would try to run it alone and see what I'm getting. You know all of that but in a new ad account you just have to test a lot of things and then just take it from the point that you are seeing some light at the end of the tunnel.

It's very interesting for me to hear about the multiple counters question. I have been playing with that for the last two weeks. I also noticed that when it was in a basket of emerging countries the United Arab Emirates gave extraordinary results but on its own the behavior was bizarre and unpredictable.

He's referring to me saying that when I'm running for example this is very common with Germany, Austria, Switzerland. When I see that 60% of the sales goes to Germany and then I run Germany alone the results are not good. My theory is that the one or two or three sales from the other smaller countries they're just there in order to make my rows be better but the other thing is that I have discussed with some of my friends in the Inner Circle basically we said that we want to try to you know just when we see that we are getting for example Germany spending 60% what did it spend in the last seven days okay divide this by seven to get the daily budget okay and then just remove all the countries in the same campaign and lower the budget to that to see if it's going to work.

Of course this is a work in progress and we are still testing it. Without India which takes too much budget and others which don't produce results of course I'm not even going to add India, Turkey, Tunisia all of these countries that they take budgets like this. I will just add the ones that I feel like they can have sales and hope to keep those going steady through to December and better understand how to use these multiple country campaigns in the future.

Thank you very much for the comment. So hi, Constantinus, great video. Your videos were the turnaround for our business and ever since we started learning from you we've seen great success.

Oh that's so nice I'm really glad to hear this. Maybe it's because it's Black Friday though. I don't want to be...

it's not that I'm being humble. I just like the truth. Maybe it's not because you're doing things.

Maybe it's because... I don't know. Maybe you're doing them for a longer period.

But if you started seeing my ads, my channel 15 days before Black Friday and you do them in the work, maybe it's Black Friday. You've seen, we have both BFCM and every campaign and all of them are doing great. 3.5 ROAS when break even is 2.

My question is how do we know the proper amount for scaling BFCM campaigns? Let me tell you a truth. When the Black Friday ends, you're going to feel like you could have spent more.

This is a feeling that we always have. My suggestion is always if you were going to scale with 200-300, be more dangerous on Black Friday. Scale 500.

If you were going to scale 100, scale 300. Okay, be more aggressive with your moves on Black Friday. That's my suggestion in order to help you.

Because whatever I'm going to tell you, this is experience that you're going to get and get by the years by just doing Black Fridays in order to be more aggressive eventually. I told you, for example, the previous year, I think that I did very well on Black Friday, but I think that I did under-spend on Cyber Monday. So this year I'm going to spend exactly the same amount as the amount that I'm going to spend on Black Friday because I underestimated the previous year as the Cyber Monday.

This is something which is coming with experience and by just doing it again and again. Do we touch the evergreen ones? I would suggest no.

I would suggest to scale only the Black Friday ones. Now, if something has been created one month ago or 15 days ago and you see potential to it as an evergreen, you can also try to scale it a little bit. But keep in mind that don't overdo it because you want to keep this ad working as evergreen.

Just worry not to break the campaigns before BFCM. The campaigns don't break during BFCM. All the things that we're discussing about the daily loop theory and the scaling, the collapsing of accounts, these are things that are not happening during the Black Friday, okay?

They're happening during other periods. Here's the dilemma. Is it worth to test more static over video ads?

Why? If I have only video ads working now, they are much faster to make. So if you have seen them performing equally, probably will be worth it for me to try them.

I have seen static images working. This doesn't mean that they're going to work well for you. I don't like the categorization that in my account videos are working better than images.

No, you just haven't found good images, okay? But maybe the process of creating them fast, it's making them not being so good. So that means that maybe we need to see...

you need to focus more on what is working. I do understand that it's cost efficient and as a business you have to see that opportunity. But you haven't cracked the code with images in the same way that you cracked the code with videos, so focus on videos.

Hey Costantinos, I'm starting to study your crazy methods. It's only one crazy method. I don't have many crazy methods.

It's one. To apply them profitably, but I'm unclear about one concept. None of your videos you explain how to determine the number of adsets in a campaign based on the budget and cost per purchase.

Okay. In my case, if I duplicate a winning ad set in a new campaign with a budget of 300 and the cost per purchase of 10, according to the formula we go with budget divided by cost per purchase multiplied by 2, I would get a number of adsets equal to 60. You are right, my friend.

Is this correct or that's too many things? No, there are too many. So, you have to understand that in the YouTube channel I have been posting videos for many years and a lot of things are changing.

Was I doing 50 ad sets back in the day? Yes. And I had very successful accounts with 50.

I had also limitations on some accounts that I had to delete campaigns because I could do up to 1000 dynamic creative ads. I was using a lot of dynamic creative ads back in the day. So, my maximum that I was doing it was 50 ad sets per campaign.

It was crazy. It was working. So, if you are seeing this and you're thinking that stupid it was working.

So, it doesn't matter on what you think. But of course, right now, I don't believe that we should do that many. I believe that the maximum that I would go is 12, 15 but I like more the number 12.

So, I would go 12. So, what you are doing right now in order to adapt to this is that you keep dividing by 2 in order to get to these numbers. So, instead of wanting to have one sale to all of these 60, you try to say okay, 2 sales to the 30 of them, 4 sales to the 15 of them and so on.

So, by just dividing by 2 you go to 30, by 2 you go to 15 and you can either work with 7.5 which means 8 if you divide again or you can work with 15. Okay, so it's up to you and then you're going for more over there or you can work with another strategy. You don't have to do necessarily crazy method if you get such a low cost per purchases.

Hi, Konstantinos. Water lalays tend to work better for your stores. More recent ones last 7 to 30 days or lifetime 180 to 365.

So, in my opinion, lookalikes, the only thing that's working right now, it's stacked lookalikes. So, stacked lookalikes crazy method. So, you take all the 10% from view content to car, 10% all of it and you just toss it in the same access and then you multiply it many times so you have a crazy method, stacked lookalike.

The reason that the 10% are working better is because we want more data. So, given that, I'm going to tell you that instead of using 30 days of data, I believe it's better to use 365 days for the Facebook and Instagram engages that you can use it in 100 days for all the website events. That's what I would do.

I would use it a lot because I think it's important to work with many more data right now, nowadays after the iOS thing. That's the reason also that 1% doesn't work anymore. Okay, we need broader audiences.

That's why only 10% and that's why I did stack them all together to have a bigger audience. Guys, that's all I had. If you have more questions, you are free to send.

But, again, I'm going to read and answer the questions of your first comment. So, it's up to you what you're going to do, my friend. That's all I had.

I hope you're going to have a very good Black Friday. Me, also, I hope that I will have a very good Black Friday. I hope that I'm going to have a very good Cyber Monday also and I will see you guys on the next one.

This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm mentioning all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

Like it or not, it is what it is., my name isixoly Tez its name, whoever allergies out more clase My登録 does 72% of my background impact the Withers acceptable date. Again, I will see you all right, and meet you to reach out into the time.