Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, Podcast 83. Today we're going to discuss about Black Friday, the strategy that we're going to follow for 2024.

Some trends on some markets that they came from the Triple Whale newsletter. One suspension on another account which was actually funny. Then I'm having one suggestion from Meta about advanced plus shopping campaigns with some things strange and then we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29.

So we have almost 30 questions of yours that we're going to reply. I guess several of those are going to go to the second part. I hope that the Patreon is growing a lot.

Thank you very much for the support over there. Whoever is not having his question on the free part, sorry guys, we have also the Patreon part there. You can go there.

Before we start on the Black Friday thing, I want to say something. So recently I had someone sending me a message to my email. I'm always replying to all of the emails.

I'm trying to be polite and stuff without ignoring people. So even if someone sends me, hey, I want you to do my ads and stuff and they're spending 1k, I'm going to reply in a polite way and say that, hey, I cannot do it. I have minimum fees and stuff.

I'm not taking smaller accounts and stuff because of my time that I have available. So there was this incident from a person that sends me a message. He asks some questions.

I'm replying and if I'm remember correct or immediately he says that he needs a consulting call. I'm giving you the price, which is 250 per hour and which I don't think also that it's a lot, by the way. And most probably we'll have to increase it in the future because there are way too many consulting calls for that price.

So I have to increase it. But anyway, and then the moment that I give him the price, this person is actually ghosting me, not replying back. And why I'm saying that?

Because on the same instant, in the next one hour or so, he's posting his questions on the YouTube channel and then he's posting that he needs help from another person that actually managed to scale and stuff and everything. I don't mind if you don't have the money to pay. The only thing that I want to say is that reply back.

Tell me this is not within my budget. I don't want to do it for this and this reason. I'm not going to stop answering your questions because I want to get 250 from you.

But you have to understand that in the same way that I'm respecting your time and I'm replying back, you have to reply also back. So I got pissed off. I told him in the messages that this was not okay and stuff.

And he told me, relax, take a deep breath. I only didn't reply after 24 hours. Dude, you started posting these questions one hour after the message.

So you have seen my message. You didn't like the price. It's totally fine.

Just reply back in the same way that I'm respecting your time. You have to respect my time and you have to reply back and being polite and say that I don't want to do it because of the pricing. And yes, that's totally fine.

Now, I'm not going to stop answering your questions. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that I want you to understand that all of these things that I'm doing with the questions, I'm going to keep answering all of your questions.

I'm trying to be also fast to answer as fast as I can and all of that and I'm doing that all day long. And there are way too many and I'm going to keep doing it for as long as I can and I can actually control it because of time, because of the free time that I have. All I'm asking is to respect it, okay?

Don't abuse it, you know? Don't go and just because I'm replying fast, you're answering another 10 questions, you know, like that. Understand the question that can be answered with text and the question that can be answered with a consulting call or here on the podcast, for example.

If you're asking something super complex, most probably I won't be able to reply through a text message and actually confuse you even more. That's all. Now that we solved it, let's go and let's move to Black Friday.

All I'm asking is to respect my time in the same way that I'm respecting you and I'm answering, okay? First of all, about results. Yesterday, 2nd of October, I'm video shooting this on the 3rd of October, it was one of the worst days that I have seen in the previous 30 days or for some long time.

I hope that it's not going to be a downfall, but for sure September was an actually decent month. August was amazing and now October, maybe, I hope, we're not going to start seeing higher CPMs because of that, of the elections, but yesterday was actually a bad day, so I'm going to keep monitoring it and I hope that it's not going to be the start of a distress period. Now, in terms of some trends over here that I'm having, from 23rd September to 29th, this is coming from the Triple Whale, clothing is up to 2.23 increase in CPA and we have electronics, 5.88% decrease in CPA, so electronics have decreased.

PES supplies plus 10.59% increase in CPM, but they also have an increase in ROAS plus 2.47% and we have home and garden which is plus, this is on Google Ads, plus 80.16% increase in CPA, 7.82% decrease in ROAS, so it's a total disaster for home and garden and then there's some things from TikTok that you can see over here. So, for our Black Friday strategy, nothing has changed in a dramatic way except from the fact that we have the elections and all of that since the previous year, the 2023 strategy. So, if you want something more detailed, you can go and you can watch the video for Black Friday 2023 strategy.

I'm going to do another one for 2024 but more of having a video with 2024 instead of 2023. The situation is the same. Basically, as we have analyzed the daily loop theory, the last video was actually really good in the daily loop theory because I was actually...

and I'm going to make another one actually with the daily loop theory because if you remember in this video I'm showing for one month what happened. Now I'm showing... I will show you after that period I stopped and I went back to one campaign with this budget.

So, it's working much better without scaling, of course. And it's going to be really interesting to see that it came back to normal numbers after that because of the spend. So, that proves again that we cannot scale whenever we want and we have the daily loop theory.

You can watch the videos about how you can break the daily loop and you can actually scale a little bit more. One of the things that it's the most aggressive way of actually scaling is the attack periods. Attack period was the first quarantine month that we had and every Black Friday is an attack period because in these periods the demand is higher from the supply.

So, more and more and more people buy things and we have very good promos and stuff but at the end of the day the volume is higher so we're getting even better ROAs even while we're having promos in most cases. Now, the strategy is very simple. Most of the people they like to run ads for Friday and then for 7 Monday and that's it.

The whole concept of running ads only for one or two or three days when the promotion is actually happening is completely wrong because you are actually leaving money on the table. Let me tell you how I see it. You are starting building campaigns which are evergreen campaigns and you are starting scaling even with some losses in some cases up to the point that you're going to start your early access Black Friday ads.

Don't forget that here you need to do ads that are going to be Black Friday Cyber Monday so that you won't have to close them after Friday. So, it's going to be BFCM promo for your creatives. You're going to have over there some everything campaigns that you're building in the mean world.

So, let's say that you're spending 100k. You have to reach spending 150 or 200k in order for you to push on by October in order for you to push on November to 300k 400k. After that point you're going to try to reach again to the point of spending 300k at two or three or four months after the Black Friday ends.

But how are we going to do that? The way that you're going to do it is that and that's why we're also scaling before is that you are going to try to have evergreen campaigns that are working with the ways that we're saying with different creatives with different aspects and all of that and they're going to be evergreen campaigns and you're going to start running them before the Black Friday so that they can get boosted with the results of the Black Friday and they can get so much data inside. You're starting some campaigns on October, some campaigns at the start of November.

By the middle or 20th of November you should start your Black Friday ads as early access so that you can start generating results into these campaigns so that you can be more aggressive with them. The evergreen campaigns are not going to be scaled or even if they're going to be scaled during that period they're going to just take a very small increase on the budget but you're going to be extremely aggressive by increasing budgets to the campaigns that they're Black Friday ones. So the evergreen campaigns are staying there because we want them to survive the period of Black Friday and we don't want them to just you know be scaled so aggressively that they are going to have a problem after Black Friday but we're going to be aggressive in our scaling on the Black Friday ads.

Of course the more experience you have with your ad account on Black Friday the better you can understand how you can be aggressive. Remember you don't touch the evergreen ads that you have created before and you're scaling and you're only scaling your extra spend and you can actually calculate how much extra is going to be because of your Black Friday, Cyber Monday promotion campaigns. So you have dedicated campaigns only for that and by aggressive I mean that these are periods that there's no 20% rule or all that.

No, you just go in a much more aggressive way. You go on Wednesday for example you go from 300 to 500 then you go from 500 to 800 and when the Friday comes you go from 1000 to 2500 you know or 2000. You can do this kind of aggressive things then you drop a little bit on these campaigns during weekend and then on Cyber Monday you are hitting again and you are scaling again and then some people keep it for one more day for Tuesday and then it ends you're closing all of your promotion ads but you are left with your evergreen ads that you have built from before and they have so much data to help you go through the period of December and survive also the last seven days of December which are actually bad.

Met actually calls this Q5 and they tell you that you have to spend more money on that period because nobody else is spending and you can make more sales. I never bother on that period to spend more money I just try to survive on that period. But yeah, this is the Black Friday strategy.

Basically, building evergreen campaigns before, maintaining them even with a small loss because you're going to recuperate all of that in November. I know that a lot of you you're not going to do it but some experienced advertisers understand what I'm talking about and then do your extra push with your Black Friday ads or with cost cap ads if you have one campaign which is actually spending on the side. Cost cap can be also another aggressive way that you can use because we don't care about cost caps because you can just increase or decrease their budget without any consequences.

It's a cost cap after all. So that's the situation with Black Friday strategy. One note to that, it's going to be an extra difficult period because all of the things that we're discussing now...

By the way, these are not theories. These are things that have been tested across other accounts and I have videos on these things. One thing that I want to clarify though is that this is a completely different year in terms of having elections on that period which means that we are going to have people doing ads preparing for Black Friday but we also have a lot of political ads and this might increase the CPMs.

We haven't seen that on September which we were expecting that but I think that we are entering now in a phase that we might see it and it might make some accounts to struggle and not be able to position themselves as strong as they would have positioned it without having these high CPMs. On the other hand though, and this is another thing that I have to say, is that if you're having an account of 500k, 600k, 700k, 1 million per month spent, these accounts in this period they are going to struggle. They might even release some of their spend if they're not experienced or if they don't have the budget or they have other problems.

This is maybe an opportunity for other accounts that are smaller because when you have negative days on an account that's spending 1 million per month then it's a lot of money. But when you're having negative days in an account which is spending 40-50k per month then it's not a lot and it's something that the business can actually absorb. So if you go there and you take a chunk of the market as a smaller ad account because the bigger ad accounts are actually removing some of their spend because of this distress period of the CPMs, this is all theory by the way, you might be able, while there's no other possibility, to be able to take this spend, to might take some of this spend and not being bullied in the next month in the way that you have been bullied now because some others are having the majority of the spend already.

It's a little bit of deeper think. I hope that it makes sense for some of you that you are having smaller ad accounts and maybe you can do a push on that period in order for you to be able to take some budget from the big whales out there in your niche. Now, there was this strange...

one of my students showed me that there was this strange suspend of ad account. This guy, guys, is selling actually shoes and t-shirts. So it doesn't make any sense.

So basically, examples of things we don't allow, posting fake reviews, starting a romantic relationship in order to take someone's money and money laundering. So I don't know. The system flagged him from something, but I do know that there's a new system now with meta for reviews and all of that which is causing a lot of issues and a lot of people are getting a lot of reviews, a lot of rejected ads.

And I have seen also, some people posting about some strange suspensions and stuff. So I think that meta is again making some changes which are actually influencing people. Let's go to the last topic.

Just a funny one. So it says, Dorian over here says, just saw this from Facebook wondering what your thoughts are, especially for point two. Any reason you know for limiting advanced shopping campaigns to those time frames?

Thanks. So it says, how to set up a successful advanced shopping campaign? Allocate enough budget to support at least 50 conversions.

They are talking about the learning phase. By the way, where's this thing with the less events that we used to have? This thing didn't work after all.

So, run your campaigns for two to four weeks and no more than eight weeks. So basically, what are they proposing to close our campaigns after eight weeks? To be honest with you Dorian, I think that what they're proposing is that try...

Basically, what they're saying is that try to spend as much money as you can to pass the learning phase in this period of time, instead of letting it go out of that period. But even like this, it doesn't make any sense because after some period, I believe two weeks, they go out of the learning phase or in... You know, they stop the learning phase anyway.

Refrain for making significant changes during the learning phase. Yes. Evaluate performance with an A, B test.

Yes. How? All of these things.

So, basically, just another message on how to run advanced shopping campaigns. We do nothing... We do nothing from these things.

We don't care about the 50 conversion events. We don't... We do run our campaigns for a much longer period than than eight months.

We make significant changes during the learning phase by stopping bad ads, but not anything that might reset it. So, we might do that. And evaluate performance with an A, B test.

No, we don't do that. Anyway, so basically, we do... Let's say either we do nothing or we do three out of four of what they propose.

But it's working very well. Our results are on the YouTube channel, so why not? Let's go to your questions.

There are several, so let's start. Hi, Konstantinos. I have...

I've had one campaign performing well for a long time. CBO 131. How come you didn't do 322?

Which is apparently the holy grail. By the way, what is happening with 322 now that flex blads are not working well? Are they still pushing...

doing the 322? Oh, I had an idea based on that. I'm going to create a video because I'm doing some tests.

So, I was thinking, we cannot use dynamic creative ads anymore. Flex bloods suck. Whoever says that they're working well, okay.

And Advantage Plus audience sucks. So, I was thinking of this. What if we start a CBO campaign, either crazy method or normal, and we do four or five ads, it doesn't matter, and inside there we do 10 ads.

Initially, after the 48, 72 hours, we do just remove all the ones that they don't have a sale, or we just... the whole point here is that we are going to try to get it to the point that it's going to be just one ad set with all of the budget, and then we start optimizing on the ad level like an Advantage Shopping campaign. That's the thing that I want to test because sometimes...

okay, if you have three to five creatives, fine. But if you have 10 creatives, 15 creatives, Advantage Shopping campaign is not working for you. What's the solution?

Because we don't have dynamic ads right now. The solution, I think, is this. To just start it as a CBO, optimize it in each CBO, leave it with one or two, and then optimize this...

not one or two, with just one, most probably, and then optimize this one on the ad level as we optimize Advanced Shopping campaign. This is something that I'm testing already, and it looks like it can work. I've had one campaign before.

I have three scaling ideas that I want to try out, but I'd like to ask for your advice on what order you try them in and maybe if you have any other suggestions. The credit method with the same post ID, 5 ad sets, 62 budget. So your budget is 38.

Yeah, so you want to go to 100 per day. A different post ID, 3 ad sets, same structure, the current campaign, 38 budget. Creating a new ad launching a campaign with 3 ad sets and 38 budget.

Any advice you can offer, have a good day, we have endoginages. Hi Edward. So the way that I see it is such a small scale, going from 38 to another 38 or to 100 in total.

Its objective leads. So I think that all of these three could work and it's a very small spend to even discuss it. Now if you ask me which one I would prefer, because I'm more aggressive, I would prefer the crazy method, I guess, and the first option.

Just so that you can start spending some decent amount of money. Next one. What ad set structure is working well for US right now?

I do reply, come on, there's no answer to that. Each ad account is different. Don't think like this.

So there's not a specific structure that's working across other accounts in US. I asked because you said that Advanced Plus isn't working for the US, so I was curious what's working for you. I never said that Advanced Plus is not working.

Advanced shopping campaigns really do work really well. Advanced Plus audience is not working and this is not my fault. It's their fault that they have named every single button and thing inside the Ads Manager with Advanced Plus.

Next one. Hi, Dinos, I have a couple of questions. A couple?

Okay. So let's see. This is coming from Liar45.

I have an ad account. The good thing with Liar is that whenever he's coming to answer something, he's coming with two questions. It's not one.

But at least it's short questions. I have an ad account and structure with creatives that were working for me. 15 ABO brought one ad set.

It got 70 CPA but died after four days with no purchases. It's been running for around two weeks. I launched it with the same creatives and structure but I'm getting different results with cost per purchase and ROAS.

Okay. I created a new campaign with the same audience but used CBO this time. The same ad set from the previous campaign was used along with two other ads with different creatives.

Now I'm getting an 84 CPA on the ad set and for the ad set that worked before. Is it true using a highest budget going from 15 ABO to 100 ABO causes ROAS to drop when you change from the comfort budget and scale? Of course, increasing your spend it can actually drop your ROAS.

Now these changes from 15 to 100 they are significant. The only thing though that I must say is this. When you are having just an ABO with 15 and you are just getting one sale and you say my CPA is 16, 18, this is not correct.

You are lying to yourself because basically you're not having any volume to actually know. When you do a CBO then you learn the actual CPA. On a small ABO the only valuable thing that I can see is that if you come to me and you say for the past 20 days in this ABO every single day I'm having a sale.

If you do that then it's fine but if you just have one sale and then you say... So it says with creatives that will work for me 15 ABO brought one ad set and it got 17 CPA but it died after four days. Okay so it got...

So you were running it for four days. That's it. So you were running it for four days.

So 4 multiplied with 15, 60 divided with 17. You got three sales. That's it.

And because you got three sales you do believe that it's enough to just say that your CPA is 17. No, it's not your actual CPA. If you put it in a normal CBO.

If you put it in a higher budget and you have more volume then you're going to be able to know what's your actual CPA. And no, the ROAS didn't increase because you just scaled from 15 to 100. This is an insignificant change to the budget.

The ROAS increased because you were not having the ROAS decreased and the CPA has increased because you were not having the right numbers because of the ABO. That's the problem with ABO. You cannot see the actual numbers because they're not getting volume.

Should I stick with the same 15 ABO structures instead of switching to CBO even though you mentioned that CBO is 99% better than ABO for the reasons that I mentioned earlier? If you want to just spend $15, spend it. The problem is how you're going to scale and with ABO you're not going to scale.

Is the issue with Hot Pockets? It has nothing to do with Hot Pockets. It has to do with the fact that you just believe that one ABO that is having one ad set is having these results while these results are not the accurate results.

They're just results that you're seeing in a very small spend in an ABO. Could it be that the Hot Pockets from the original campaign optimized differently and another Hot Pockets when using CBO? No, it's not that.

Should I launch the CBO or use ABO again? If you want 17, most probably you're not going to get that on the CBO. I use different targeting with ABO since it worked before or try an aggressive method with CBO to find more Hot Pockets.

It really depends on what you want to do, if you want to scale or not. And if you have into your mind the 17 CPA just because you have seen it once in an ABO with a very small spend, let me tell you that these are not your numbers and you have to find your new numbers in CBO and you have to run only CBOs and not ABOs for these reasons. Let's move on.

I have a campaign with 15 ABO Bro targeting. This 15 ABO is a thing. Getting 9 ROAS.

And then you make a new campaign using a CBO for 100, same ad set, and the ABO and the other creatives in the other ad sets and the ROAS is not the same but worse and cost per result is double. Is this a problem with Hot Pocket? How the other ABO campaign optimized in a different one or should I relance it?

Again the same question. I don't know if you're the same person with different accounts but we have explained it thoroughly, I believe, in the previous question. For CBOs, do you optimize on the ad set level only or do you also turn off ads on the ad level?

I do like to optimize only on the ad set level because of the way that CBOs are working, distributing the budget to ad sets and then to ads. But I must say also that as I said earlier, I'm going to do one test where I'm going to optimize also on the ad level by just leaving one ad set in the CBO but only if I have a lot of ads, like 10 ads inside. If I'm having three to five ads, I'm going to still keep optimizing only on the ad set level because of the way that it's working as I said, distributing the budget between the ads and then to the ads.

If you reach having only one and you want to optimize to the ad level, most probably you won't have to because it would have already picked the best ones. In the previous example that I'm telling you is that I'm doing really quickly, I'm just removing all the others and I'm just focusing on the one getting sales and optimize to the ad level. That is actually the difference to that.

Now, have I done things to the ad level? Yes, in rare cases that I'm seeing something really strange. I might go and I might cut an ad there but most of the times I'm focusing on the ad set level and I would prefer also even if I see a bad ad to just remove it and relaunch the campaign to start optimizing all over again without this ad within my ads in the CBO.

That's all. I hope that I replied to all of your questions and I hope that I will see you for the next one. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast.

If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is!

Let's get started. Thanks, folks. Thanks.

I'll see you in the next one. Bye. I'll see you next time.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.