Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostlaninos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys Podcast 75, I'm not in a good mood, I just broke one of my Karakuri boxes and the problem is that I cannot find it again because it was an old piece but anyway I will try to cheer myself up. Apparently for me this collection is very important so anyway.

So let me tell you the things that we're going to discuss today. We're going to discuss about the new flexible ads and some things that I have seen there. Advantage Plus Creative Relevant Comments are now going away on several ad accounts, I cannot see them anymore.

And we're going to talk a little bit about the new feature on the ad area, the site links. And then we're going to discuss why the scaling with the 20% rule is not such a good idea. And then a little bit I'm going to talk about the cookie things that we discussed the previous time because I messed up in some things that I said over there.

That's why I'm not going to create a video about it because it's a subject that I'm not so well educated about. And then we're going to go to your questions which basically are going to be all of these questions that you are seeing in your screen right now. And we do have several of those to cover today.

Some of those are going to be on the Patreon side but some of those we're going to cover, I hope, on the free section. So that's all. Let's start first of all by talking about the flexible ads.

Flexible ads is just the replacement that we now have for the dynamic creative ads. And the thing is that the dynamic creative ads are being removed from the ad set level and now we see an option which is called flexible ads. From my understanding by playing with everything it's exactly the same thing.

You can use 10 creatives, 5 copies, 5 headlines, 5 descriptions. But there is one thing that you cannot do with Flexible ads. Use multiple call to action buttons which is something that I didn't like because I like to...

Most of the times I was using ShopNow and learn more. Sometimes learn more was working better even for e-commerce sites. So it was a nice thing to be able to test that.

That's all about the Flexible ads. Still I don't have any idea if they are good or bad, if they are working better or worse and stuff. This is something that we are going to discover later.

Now, Advanced Plus Creatives. You know from all of the things that we're discussing here that I don't like them. I don't use them except from the relevant comments.

And guess what? The relevant comments are actually now being removed in several ad accounts. I cannot see them anymore which was the only feature that I was using for Advanced Plus Creative.

So this is something that still is not across all ad accounts. I can still find the relevant comments in some ad accounts but in several I think that the relevant comments are missing. Basically, with the Advanced Plus comments we had the option of doing some AI different things, you know, different settings over there.

Like changing the headline or adding music and all of that. I didn't like any of these options because all of them they were problematic for different reasons. For example, there was one client of mine that he added music and the music that it added it was this monk music from Tibet.

Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow. This thing that they are singing from their throats, you know, and stuff. So it was very strange.

Anyway, the thing is that I don't use them. The only thing that I was using was relevant comments. Basically, it was saying that the best comment, it will go on the top, the most relevant one to the product and stuff so that it can help people decide if they are going to buy or not.

And the next one and last one from the small topics that I want to cover is that the site links are actually, it's a new thing. It's more related to Google Ads. Google Ads, you know, whoever is doing Google Ads and site links, they do understand this concept more.

This feature is available when using the sales traffic engagement or leads objective with the website conversion location. So, if you go there into your ads section, you should be able to see ads source sections when creating an ad and you have the option of having Meta automatically source site links or you can add them manually. To automatically source them, provide a website URL and Meta will find links to recommend adding site links.

I found the recommendations are good, but there isn't currently a way to edit the display labels. So, basically, when you have the ad, below you are just going to see one small, like a small carousel appearing, just small, just below the image that is going to have, for example, a kids collection, new arrivals and stuff. And it has an image also over there.

You can also set up links manually and at least three site links, including a display label and URL. Now, on the advanced plus creative, you can find it also there. It's called the ad site links.

There are two versions, one with icons and one without that you can choose which one is better for you. I think it's something that is worth playing with it, especially for e-commerce stores that they have clothing and all of that for their different collections. I think it's going to be nice to test it and see.

That's all about site links. Still a new feature. Haven't tested it.

I'm not going to create a video about it yet. Maybe later if I test it properly. Now, before we go to the 20%, I would like to share a comment that I took here from VOP.

It says, the Facebook Convergence API should be fine and track all event cookies, even if the potential client does not allow the marketing cookies. He can even press don't accept and it will still track. That's why they give us the option wherever they are tracking straight from the server and not from cookies.

I must admit that in the previous podcast, I did a mistake. I didn't calculate the API in the things that I was discussing about the cookies because the pixel integration is browser to server reporting and API is server to server. So basically cookies is browser.

So if you have a pixel only, you will have a problem. But if you have an API, my friend VOP here is completely right. You shouldn't have any issues.

The other thing that I messed up is that I gave you a timeline which was having 2023 instead of 2024. So I thought that it was 2024. Anyway, I messed up a little bit on this kind of information.

But there is nothing wrong admitting it and moving on. I think that yes, you can be compliant with cookie banners and having API integration is going to save you because when you go to your settings, you have the first party cookies on. So most probably you are going to be fine with server to server integration.

And then he sent me also a message saying, Kostantinos, and also for the WordPress users, there's been problems with their Facebook for WooCommerce plugin and for some are not tracking as it used to. They need to migrate to another plugin, but the best way of action is having both pixel plugin and API Facebook with the duplicated events by his own and there will be no problems. So again, the solution over here is for the cookie and the compliance and everything is to actually have API integration, which is server to server and it's not being influenced by the cookies.

Now, let's discuss a little bit about the 20% rule. Basically for all of you, the theory of the 20% rule is this. In order for you not to get back to the learning phase, you are increasing your budget by 20% so that you won't get out of the learning phase.

How do you get out of the learning phase and not out of the learning phase? How do you train to get past the learning phase? Basically, you need to gather 50 events of the event that you're optimizing.

Now, once and for all, I want to clarify that I don't believe in blueprints or doing this and that across all accounts. And to be honest with you guys, these past months, by just going to show many other accounts because I bought many clients and apparently what we're doing here is working pretty well. And many people came.

I can tell you there are so many advertisers out there doing even even until now one of the best agencies in Australia. They were running traffic ads and link clicks optimization and then retargeting. And then they then they stopped.

They got fired. And the moment you run one campaign with which is not any crazy science run one campaign with purchase event. It's working perfectly.

I just see this. I just saw the seal of these people not having knowledge and just following a blueprint from a course or from from whatever. I just feel like this has to stop.

And one of my main goals is to educate people about thinking in each account in a different way. That's why we're going to approach this subject by not saying that 20% doesn't work, but saying that it's risky and it may work in other cases. But at the end of the day, by just seeing all of the technical information here, you can decide if you're going to use it or not in some specific cases.

So, first of all, there are so many out there that are doing still things of 2015 like traffic campaigns and retargeting, optimizing for view content or add to cards instead of purchases, doing many, many crazy things. The thing that I want doing ABO targeting, doing ABO testing and then moving them to CBOs but not working, doing three campaigns only, which okay, it's the least worst of all of these things. But again, all of these months I have seen crazy things from reputable agencies.

They have good names and stuff of doing these stupid things. So, again, let's focus on the theory. I don't think that this is something that, you know, everything that we discuss here is about you learning Facebook ads and understanding them so that you can be able to create your own strategy at the end.

The learning phase. For smaller accounts, the learning phase is something that you should not care about because basically what do we need? We need 50 events because somebody can tell you, for example, in order to pass the learning phase, you need 50 purchases in 7 days.

No, this is not the correct approach. The correct approach is to say you need 50 of the events that you're going to optimize for because if you're optimizing for add to cards, then you need 50 add to cards, not purchases, to pass the learning phase. So you need 50 of the events that you optimize for based on the attribution setting that you have on the asset level, which is if it's 7 days, 1 click, this is the days that you need to have 50 events in order to pass the learning phase.

Now, for smaller accounts that they're spending 100 per day, this is something that is never going to happen. Secondly, I have seen a lot of assets passing the learning phase with many, many less events. And this is something that I have observed and you don't need necessarily to have 50.

On the other hand, I have passed the learning phase and I have seen that it doesn't make the asset better in terms of staying for a longer period or whatever. I have seen one that didn't pass the learning phase and another that did. And the difference was nothing.

You know, nothing noticeable. So basically, I wouldn't be fixated with the learning phase, but it's a good theory. You know, it's a theory that says that, okay, we are meta and we are saying this and that and that.

Learning limited. I have an asset, guys, on learning limited for the past 8 months, being profitable with zero issues. So, all of these things, it's okay to watch them and just don't take decisions based on the learning phase and stuff.

Now, the 20% rule is a theory which is being based on the learning phase. Now that you know what the learning phase is, let's talk about the 20% which says how you can scale without getting out of the learning phase. And basically, meta says that if you increase your budget by 20%, then you're not getting past the learning phase on a daily level.

Of course, because the budgets are daily. Now, I never liked this concept because first of all, it's very slow. You can understand that from $10, you go to $12, then you go to $14 point something, then you go and it goes very slow.

On the other hand, when you're having a campaign with $100 or $200, yes, you can go and you can increase to $240, from $200 to $240, for example, with a 20% rule. I would use it in that sense, but not every single day. My biggest problem with this strategy is that a lot of times people, first of all, they try to scale one product many, many, many, many times or one creative that is working.

They're just trying to scale again and again and again and again with the 20% without understanding that maybe they're pushing the limits of the product or the creative. The problem that I have is also that Facebook is an unpredictable platform. It has good days and bad days.

So if you make a mistake of scaling on a bad day, maybe you are losing your whole progress on the campaign. Third thing, when you have just one campaign and you are focusing on one and you are just scaling, if something happens to this campaign, you have to start all over again. All of these are these advances of the 20% rule that I really don't like.

And in order for me to explain to you why I don't like to use it, I made some math with the help of ChatGPT in order to, you know, to explain it a little bit further. Before we go to the math and to my main point of not using the 20% rule, I can tell you that all of this is so that you can understand how it's working and decide if you're going to use it or not. But I can tell you that there are cases that I have used the 20%, just not in the stupid way that other people are proposing it, of doing it every single day or every two days, just 20%, 20% to scale as much as you can in just one ad set.

Because I don't believe in that. I believe in scaling with multiple campaigns for the reasons that I said earlier and with different creatives. When I'm saying different creatives, I don't mean different creatives like, because a lot of times people are just lazy.

I will say it again and they just, let's say for example, you have this paper. This is a very good example. You have this sheet of paper.

You can make a video that is showing someone writing over here. It's going to show someone, it's going to show someone writing over here. Perfect.

And then you can make another video that is going to show someone that this is the perfect sheet of paper in order to make paper planes. Okay. These are two different completely aspects.

If you make a video that somebody writes with a pen and somebody writes with a pencil and somebody writes with a red pen and the blue pen. And then it's again the same use. Okay.

The point is to create different creatives that are going to have different aspects and usages of the product so that you can influence people to buy it for that reason. So if you just do 20 creatives of the same, for me, it's just the same and we're just trying to find the best creative on one angle. The point is to have different creatives with different campaigns that they have good creatives for different angles.

This is how you scale. But of course, there are the people that they are being taught, especially dropshippers, that you can just scale one product to the moon and all of these expressions. And you can do it fast by just doing 15 minutes of work per day because apparently working with many campaigns is not ideal because it's more work, but you can do it with only one campaign.

You know, all of this story about making money easily without worrying and all of these guys is total BS. Okay. If your product is going to work, it's going to work and it's going to scale as much as it's going to scale.

But after some point, you have to scale it with more marketing, more ideas on the creative angles and all of that. Now, the thing that I don't like the most is that most of the times people, they do tend to scale like this. Initially, the bumps of the 20% are very small.

So there is no problem to scaling. But later on, when they go to bigger budgets, like from going from 1k to 1,200, this is where everything actually collapses. And then they are being left without a campaign because it's difficult to save it after that.

The other thing is that you have done all of this scaling for no reason. While you could have done several campaigns and build it in a way that it would stay much longer for you. On the other hand, dropshipping is a fast model that you are trying to sell a product as fast as you can.

So maybe this is a good solution for them. Now, in order to show you why I don't like the 20%, I don't prefer it. Listen, I'm not saying that it's not working.

It can work. I'm just saying that I don't prefer it for this reason, which is the main reason. So I just asked ChatGPT to make some calculations about, let's say for example, that I'm a person that I'm very good with Facebook ads.

And 90% of the time I'm right on when I'm going to scale because I see the data and all of that. But there is a possibility as always that 10% of the times I'm going to be wrong. And not only because I did a mistake to my calculations, just because I don't know, for example, that it's going to be a bad day.

I don't know that Timo is going to run ads with my product and the CPMs are going to skyrocket. Elections, a lot of things. So all of this is a little bit of a hypothetical scenario, of course, but just for the sake of this, so that you can understand my point.

Let's say that 90% of the time you are right. Now, the more you are right in consecutive times, the more the possibility of you making a mistake is going to increase and increase and increase. Now, the thing here is this, that of course this is just an example.

And when you are scaling from $10 to $12, most probably the possibility is 100% that you are right and nothing is going to happen. But the possibility when you are scaling from $1,000 to $1,200, most probably means that you are going to fail. Another thing is that if you do 100 scales, 90 of them are going to succeed.

This is what the math are saying. But in my case, I don't care about that because only one time is enough for you to lose your whole campaign. And we all know that when you scale campaigns like this, only some of them are going to recover if you lower the budget.

And you have to be also experienced in order to know how to treat that because sometimes people just lower the budget the next day is not doing well and they close it. The truth is that in this kind of campaigns, when you lower the spend, you have to leave them for two, three days, then see if they're going to recover or not. But I can tell you that less than 50% of these campaigns are actually recovery.

Now, I did the calculation over here. It says to calculate after how many consecutive times of being correct, the probability of being wrong, 10% will become 90%. We can use the concept of geometric probability distribution and it has all the month and stuff and says the number of consecutive correct actions required for the probability of being wrong to become 90%.

So what I ask as GPT is if I'm 90% wrong and in consecutive times, but there is also a possibility of being 10% wrong, how many times does it going to take for me for the probability of being wrong becoming 90% instead of 10%? And the number that came out from the math is 22. Now, after that, I'm asking chat GPT and I'm saying, okay, let's say that I start with a budget of 20, which is something really typical for people using the 20% rule or maybe 50, it doesn't matter.

So after 22 times, you're just going to scale to 1104.12. This is going to be your budget. I'm really noticing on other counts and it's very easy for me to distinguish if someone is running the 20% rule because they even go and they calculate the cents and they put, for example, 12.54 cents.

So over here by just scaling 20% each day in 22 days, you're going to scale to 1.1k. Even if you don't do it every day, you're going to do it every two days, which is another thing. You're going to scale to 1.1k in 44 days, which for me, it's not a normal, you know, scaling because it's almost one and a half month and you could have done campaigns that, you know, it could have been much more sustainable.

Now, not only that, at this point, you are having 90% chance of actually failing. And again, not because of you, just because of a bad day or things that are happening. And of course, there are going to be people that they're going to have case studies that they show that they scale with 20%, either because they had a very strong product, most of the times high ticket items can work very well with the 20% rule, or because they were in a very good period, for example, and in this month they were able to scale.

Let me tell you that in the other way you were going to scale better, but of course, it's my word against yours, so we're not going to bait on that. So this is math and this shows that after 44 days, by just using the 20% rule, you're just going to go to 1.1k, which is nothing. Okay.

Now, there are more things to that, that at this point you are having the possibility of making a mistake by 90%. Maybe you're not. But let's not forget that you have possibilities of 70%, 60%, 50%, 40% on the previous steps of that.

So on the 22nd consecutive time, you will have this budget and you will have a probability of failing by 90% to the next scale, or the 22nd is the one. Or what is going to happen is you have failed already much earlier than that, because also the other, even the probability of 50%, can mean that you can fail in one of these scalings. So by just doing this again and again, what I don't like with the 20% rule is that eventually you're just going to make a mistake, which is going to cause you the whole campaign.

So I don't like it as a building. Now, a lot of times people use it just because, you know, it's easier to manage. And I think maybe they have been taught to do so and stuff.

But here I just wanted to prove with this point over here that you are risking every day more and more and more to make a mistake. Of course, I told you there are some, these are simple examples and there are more variables to it. Like at the start, the percentage is going to be 100%.

When you scale from 1K to 1.2K, the percentage is going to be of making a mistake higher. Of course. Then we have also, as my friend Joshua was explaining to me about the math, every single event, it is completely different.

And it doesn't mean that just because you, it's a probability again. The thing is with the consecutive times that this thing is actually changing and eventually the possibility of making a mistake, it's actually is more. And also here we have to, we have to think of that every single time that we are scaling, it doesn't mean that the ad set is the same as it was in the first time.

It's not like an example that we give with a dice that we do actually throw it and we hit 6. Then again we hit 6, then again we hit 6, then the possibility of hitting 6 is going to be 6 by 6 by 6 by 6. So a huge number.

So basically the possibility gets slower and lower the more times that we are hitting 6 consecutively. So basically, just to summarize, 20% rule is something that comes out of the theory of the learning phase, which we explained. You can use it for smaller decisions in my opinion, like I have something which is working, it's on 200.

I want to scale it a little bit, I have 5 campaigns, okay, let me scale all of 5 of them with to 220 without being afraid of messing something. And I have another 100 spend. Okay, so this is how I would use it.

Now using it just to have one campaign and just scaling this one again, again, starting from a very small budget to bigger ones and stuff. I can tell you that there are rare cases that this can be successful for the reason that we mentioned earlier, but also because of bad periods and stuff. If you are in a good period, everything is going to work anyway.

I hope that I didn't, that it wasn't that tiring subject, but I'm going to create a video also about that, about the 20% rule, which is going to have more infographics and stuff. And maybe you can understand it better. That's all.

Let's go to questions. Let's start over here. Hi, Konstantinos, I have a question concerning recently dying, struggling advanced plus campaign.

This campaign was a big winner for a long time. Over time, creatives being exhausted possibly. The campaign is losing steam and performance become diluting and now full on underperforming.

However, the campaign is long time, one with solid learning, better to add fresh creative and jumpstart or any other way you would handle this. If this is a very long campaign, I would be much more flexible to keeping it. The second thing that I have to say here is that a lot of times we see campaigns having very bad draws within our ads manager.

But when we close them, we see that in reality, this is hurting us a lot. So if it's something that has social proof and it was working and stuff, I would give it for sure more time to work. I wouldn't ask the creatives inside because that means that you will be losing all of your engagement.

And this is why this campaign is powerful. In my opinion, campaigns just don't die just like this. I posted a video some days ago about frequency.

I think yesterday about frequency and that whoever is talking about frequency or ad fatigue and all of that, basically they haven't run ads on bigger accounts. And I must say that campaigns just don't die just like this if they are broad. Okay.

If you are using a small interest and stuff, it's completely different. But if they are on broad, they just don't die just like this. Most probably it's going to recover.

Maybe it's going to take more time. But also consider the fact that closing a campaign like this might hurt you even if it doesn't look like it's good on ads manager. Maybe it's good in reality in terms of the traffic and draws that gives you.

The performance seems to be slowing on April to May and end of May to now has been getting worse, possibly due to new addition of campaigns to the account. Yeah, something that actually can influence a campaign that you have is having another campaign maybe with the same creatives or having other campaigns spending more on the ad account. It can influence that.

But it's a very strong audience and product niche we are promoting within this campaign and would like to keep it going. Through maybe adding a creative that we tested before, we'd push it up a bit. I wouldn't add creative there, but maybe this counter-intuitive as engagement on all that.

Okay, it's a lot. So you do understand. You have been here to the channel for many months.

So I know that we made a lot of discussions through the comments. So I know what you have to do. You're going to do it.

So yeah, I would just keep it and I will just try to absorb the bad results that it gives with other campaigns that they give better results. Next one, of course, for a logic period of time. Okay.

Hi, Konstantinos. Is there a maximum number of campaigns you would launch per day on one ad account? There is not a maximum number, but there is for sure a number of budget.

So if you're spending, let's say, 100, there is no issue of spending 200, 300 the next day. If you're spending 1K and you go the next day and you spend 5K, most probably there is an issue. So big bumps on the spend are not ideal.

And I would try to do, for example, if I want to go to the 5K, I would go one more K for the next day and waiting for two, three days. And another 1K for the next day. I will just do it gradually instead of just doing it altogether.

So not number of campaigns, but budget is what I care about when I'm scaling ad accounts and I don't do it super aggressively. Would you still recommend using the crazy method I made over six figures with it several months ago on one of my old stores? I'm happy to hear that.

How effective do you think it would be now? It is effective. I'm still using it on some ad accounts.

It is. The only problem that really pisses me off is the CBO, not the crazy method. The CBOs are just not as stable as they used to be.

And when you are working with an ad account that has only advanced plus, it's just easier. But yes, I still use the crazy method to several ad accounts. Of course you can use it.

But always, as I said, for you it worked. For someone else it wouldn't work. So test it.

Hi, Constantinos. In the past I had another account that decreased CPM dramatically from one day to the other almost like magic numbers sucked. Then I paused for like a week and then I started running cards again and they were cheap.

I had the same issue with another account that one day has 20 and then the other day has 120 CPM. It's a high ticket item. Still haven't interpreted all of this behavior, but anyway.

The only one explanation I have is that a friend of mine imported a campaign from an old account of mine with all its data. By the way, I have never done this importing a campaign from another ad account. I don't even know how to do it, to be honest with you.

I just don't see the logic of importing a campaign from another ad account. I'm trying to do the same thing with this campaign. I'm importing is transferring without any of the data.

No impressions, clicks, conversions, nothing. Of course, why would it transfer from another ad account to your with impressions and data when the information were gathered in another ad account in another pixel? I just don't get it.

My friend has tried to help me, but he doesn't recall doing anything different than that we are doing. Export, select, then clean up the values from campaign ID, such as it, and add, then upload the file into the destination account. Do you have insights on this?

No, Judith, to be honest with you, I have never done this. I just don't believe it's going to help you also. It's coming from another account with another pixel, so I wouldn't even try it.

But this is me. You can try it. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is.

It is what it is.