Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys and welcome to another podcast. This is podcast number 76.

Before we go into our topics and the summary of the topics, two things that I must say is first of all thank you very much guys for 70k subs. We just hit this mark today and the channel is growing. I hope that's going to be 100k by the end of the year and I never expected that I would get a trophy from YouTube but that would be you know really rewarding for me.

One thing is that first of all I think that now we're the second or the third biggest channel that talks only about Facebook Ads. Of course Ben is the first, this is undeniable for the amount of subscribers he has and I think that's Appel is second and we go third but I do believe that we have more you know more things to do. Just for your information I'm hiring more people to do with video editing so that we can increase the quality of the videos.

Now I have two video editors for the three videos per week. Now we're going to go to three so that each one of them will have their own video and the quality is going to increase. Secondly all of you guys that you came and you work with me, I know that some of you you're listening also to the podcast.

Thank you very much. It has been a great experience. I started uploading also some of the reviews that people gave me about the mentorship programs which were actually new and they work pretty well.

Actually they're full. There are no spots available. Whoever wants to join they have to wait on the queue.

And over there I have also some testimonials below that they're coming from people that they have been through the program and their experience. And the last thing that I need to say is that I will keep doing whatever pleases me which is to understand better Facebook ads. Do also a lot of videos with ad accounts as I do.

For your information the podcasts are going to stop for a whole month. Maybe we will do one podcast at the start of August but guys I really feel like I need to you know stop for for one month the podcast on August. The videos are going to continue normally.

I'm going to just stop the podcast. Whoever is on the Patreon you can decide if you want to stay for a month without podcasts and stuff. It's totally fine.

If you unsubscribe I really get it. And when the podcast starts again you can start all over again. It's up to you what you're going to do.

When it comes now to the podcast itself what is going to happen on August. Sadly we will have to talk only on comments or on the inner circle for the people that they are inside and on the group for things that are coming up. I hope that's going to be a good August period because apparently guys after January and February being okay then we had just really bad periods which were long and it made our lives difficult for us that we do Facebook ads.

So I just think that we need a break and we had that break. We already have this break right now this month. I see other people, I'm not going to call them crying, but having issues on Europe with the results.

To be honest with you I'm not seeing that across my accounts. I see other people telling me that they have a bad period and stuff. I'm just seeing it on some accounts.

For me it's a mixed situation. The good accounts are doing well. For the last two three days yes there is a drop, but still I don't consider this month bad at all.

I think that this month was okay and good. And yes there are some drops here and there, but some stronger accounts they were just fine. But that's my experience with that.

On the inner circle that we do discuss about these things with other freelancers also that they have many accounts. I can tell you that in the previous week when I asked them they told me also that they are doing pretty well with their ad accounts. So in general I think that people managing several other accounts they're positive for this month and we'll see what's going to happen on July and August.

So on August no podcasts. I'm going to video shoot content so that we can have for all of this period. Not stupid content, interesting content.

I just did one video shooting yesterday and I'm going to do another one today. There are several interesting topics like the daily loop theory, explaining it more in ad accounts, some more optimizations, talking a little bit about 20% things that we covered here, but things that we cannot cover here because it's about showing ad accounts. In general I think the content is going to be good and it's going to be entertaining for your vacations.

That's all I had. Let's talk a little bit about the summary of what we have today. We'll talk a little bit about one test that I'm thinking of doing on FlexBludge.

The next thing is the breakdown of creative element is now broken with Meta. We're going to discuss about that. Then I would like to discuss a little bit about where the hot pockets are being formed and where the optimization is happening on the ad or ad set level.

The new learning phase that we have from Meta. One stupid message that came to the email of some of my clients about consolidating all of their ads. The main topic is going to be today that you just need to find your own strategy and one trick, ponies and the blueprints and all of that don't work with Facebook.

You just need to be able to understand what is working and what doesn't work in each one of the ad accounts that you manage or for your own ad account. And then of course we have your questions which is one, two, three, four, five pages of your questions. Now let's start, okay?

Let's get started. Now, I discussed a little bit about the FlexBludge and a test that I want to do. For all of you that you don't know it, we have dynamic creative ads which are replacing flexible ads.

No, flexible ads are replacing dynamic creative ads. What does this mean? That means that we have a new setting, we don't have anymore the toggle on of button of dynamic ads on the ad set level, but we can see flexible ads now which are operating in the same way.

The only difference is that you cannot set your own different variations of call to action button, but everything else is the same as the dynamic creative ads. And one other major difference that I have seen at least, I don't know if it's going to be like this by the end of the rollout of the changes, but for sure there is a message that says that they're going to be replaced. So this is not just a change that they do across some accounts, it's just a final decision that they're going to replace them.

The thing that I have seen is that now back in the day with the dynamic creative ads you can create only one ad. It wouldn't let you create more. Now I can see that you create more than one.

So a test that I would like to run, it would be doing an ad set that you're having four creatives per ad, per flexible ad, and then you have four... So you have four creatives per ad and four ads per ad set, three to four ads per ad set. So what I'm thinking is this, what if instead of adding ten creatives, so you have ten creatives in just one ad, what if we do four creatives in flexible ads with one ad, then another ad with four, then another ad with four, then another ad with four.

And in that way you're going to have better chances of actually having a good combo happening there or two combos instead of adding all of the ten. Now if you have a very big budget I think it doesn't matter, you can add all the ten. But if you have smaller budgets I think that this is a test that I'm already running.

I don't know if it's going to work well, but I think that you should test it also. On flexible ads, I'm just saying again, the number of ad sets it's up to you. You can do your CBO with the number of ad sets that it's working.

Instead of you adding three to five creatives with a single ad, what if you do flexible ads this time and you add four creatives with five copies? Copies don't really matter. If you break down the results, you're going to see that the copies are always getting sales.

All of them are getting sales. There's just rare cases that you will see just one copy stand out. But when you break down the results on the creatives, you will see that there is one creative that it's winning all the other.

So do five copies, it doesn't matter. Just do four creatives, five copies, five headlines, and then do another three ads like this in just an ad of a single ad set. And then you can run it with crazy method or you can run it with a different interest per ad set and stuff in whatever combo it's working in your ad account.

If you have a CBOs that are working with 104 ad sets, go for that. That's my test. That's what I wanted to tell you about flexible ads and how I'm going to do it.

And maybe you can try it also and let me know. Now, one thing that is broken right now on Meta is the breakdown by dynamic creative element. When we were doing dynamic creative ads, we were able to press breakdown and break down the results by age, gender, which we can do anyway.

But especially for dynamic creative, we can break down the results and see where the sales are coming from. For example, which call to action button, which copy, which creatives. Now, the breakdown by dynamic creative element, it's actually broken.

All the other breakdown things like call to action copies and stuff, they're working really fine. But the only thing which is broken is this. I think it is a bug.

I don't think that we're not going to have this thing anymore. I just think that it's a bug that they just need to fix and maybe it's related with the changes that they're doing and now having flexible ads. Now, one topic that I really covered in one of my videos recently, and I wanted also to bring it on the podcast, is since we are having now this new concept with the learning phase, I was watching the learning phase and you can see that we are having the number of purchases that we can have.

I created a video also by this. I went into one ad account that was asking for 50 purchases. In another ad account, it was asking for 10.

So, the smaller the budget or the less the events that you're getting, it's giving you the chance of actually optimizing with less events. Because my beef with the learning phase before, it was that in smaller ad accounts, the learning phase is useless because you will never reach 50 events. So, now they make it 10, which makes more sense.

And I think that by doing that, now we're going to be able maybe to focus a little bit more on the learning phase and try to understand it or try to pass it. On the other hand, while I was doing all of that, I was just observing learning limited ad sets, adsets not getting out of the learning phase and stuff, or adsets getting still on the learning phase, not having really big differences with the results that you were getting. Even if it was dynamic, if it was learning limited or whatever, you know, all of, I haven't seen any big differences in terms of results and ROAS.

Sometimes I can see even learning limited ads doing better than others that they passed the learning phase. So, still, I don't know if it's going to be something major on my end and how I'm going to calculate the success of an ad. But for sure, now that we have this 0 out of 10 and it's letting us know how much more we need to spend in order to get past the learning phase, it's actually good.

I think that the only reason that they do that is because they want you, they want to push you in a way to spend more so that you can pass the learning phase. Just from the perspective of me managing ad accounts and campaigns, I can tell you that I haven't seen any difference with campaigns that they pass the learning phase. Even on periods that they're bad and you have a campaign coming from the past, campaigns that they pass the learning phase, I cannot tell you that they survive more, for example, from other campaigns that they didn't pass the learning phase.

So, I just think that this is another incentive from Meta to make you spend more like a game, you know. You have seven purchases or you can go and you can pass the learning phase, spend a little bit more to get to that and focus more on the learning phase instead of focusing on the results. It's actually a very clever move and the fact that they limited it from 50 to 10 for smaller ad accounts or ad accounts that they don't have volume because they have accounts that they spend a lot of money for high ticket and they don't have 50 events, they just have 10 events.

So, it's related to those two factors and by just observing that and by just seeing the learning phase, the new thing and stuff and playing a little bit with it, I have realized that when I was going to see on the ad level how many more it needs, it was telling to me go to the ad set level. So, we have a pure answer over here that the whole optimization process is happening on the ad set level. Now, hot pockets.

Hot pockets are being formed on the ad level. Why? Because when we are running Advanced Plus campaigns, first of all, I believe that they're being formed there while I was believing in the past that they're being formed on the ad set level.

They're being formed there, the hot pockets, because when you are doing your ads, for example, on the ad level, you are adding your pixel there. The thing that you are adding on the ad set level is the pixel that you're going to use for the optimization event. Okay, basically, you're saying this is the pixel and this is the event that I'm going to use for the optimization event.

So, this is not... You're not saying that this is where you're going to... Anyway, you're not saying that this is where the hot pockets are going to be formed.

But on the other side, on the ad level, you go and you list your pixel on the bottom. So, you do say that this is where the hot pockets are going to be formed. Again, this is my idea and stuff.

If you disagree with that, let me know. Why do I care about that? First of all, because I want to understand it better.

But in the way that I see it, when you have... First of all, second of all, we have the Advantage Plus crazy method, where we have several ads over there. And we can see that different hot pockets are being formed while we have only one ad set.

So, the hot pockets are being formed on the ad level. I'm sure of it now. Secondly, when...

Thirdly, whatever that that is, when you go on the ad level, now what I believe that is happening is that it gathers, let's say, for example, that we have over here, ads at one, two, three and four. It gathers, for example, with a hot pocket that is being formed here, hot pocket one, hot pocket two, hot pocket three and hot pocket four. Okay?

Being formed based on the randomness of the initial results and stuff. If you don't know what we're talking about and what are the hot pockets, you can check the videos about the hot pockets. So, in hot pocket one, let's say that we got 10 sales.

Let's say that in hot pocket two, we got 23. Let's say that in the other one, we got another 11. And let's say that in the other one, we got another 16.

Okay? So, we got the 50 events. Okay?

I think 10 plus... No, no, no, no. Yes, 16.

And the other... Yes. So, all of these 50 are going to go to the ad set where the optimization is actually happening.

So, on the ad set level, it does say, okay, I got these 50 events. I'm actually passing the learning phase. The hot pockets, how are they being formed?

They are being formed in a way that you say, okay, it was Kostantinos, locating Kostantinos through the pixel that we are listing on the ad level. So, it says, okay, I will target similar people like him and similar people with the ones that they're actually resonating with my creative. The creative is very important and people resonate with the creative.

Someone would buy something with creative A, but they wouldn't buy something else with creative B, the same person if it was the same product that it was showing different uses of the product. So, people resonate with different videos, even for the same product. The point over here is this.

On the ad level, the hot pocket is being formed based on the creative, based on the data that it gets and it forms a hot pocket. And all of this data is being gathered and it goes immediately to the ad set level where the optimization process is actually happening. Why do we have dominant ads on Advanced Plus campaigns?

Because of this reason. Because if you want to have optimization on the ad set level, the hot pocket which is being formed on the ad level cannot be formed across five or six ads. Each ad has a different hot pocket.

And basically, what is happening is that we have a dominant ad over there so that the majority of the data is going to come from one ad. And this is happening also on CBO campaigns, but we have spread on the budget on the different ad sets. This is why it's working completely different on CBO.

On CBO, you're having spread of the budget with your general budget on CBO among the ad sets. And with the Advanced Plus, you have dominant ads on the ad level because you just have one ad set. And this is why I don't understand why they did the new changes on the Advanced Plus, adding more than one ad set.

But anyway, so over there you have one because basically the ad set needs to actually optimize with one hot pocket if it's possible, instead of having several hot pockets. That's why in the past, Dynamic Creative Ads were working better than having normal ads over there. But I think that the technology from Meta became better to even if you have different ads in an ad set, to be able to pinpoint into one and focus in one.

The reason that it's focusing in one is because it's getting data. It's creating a hot pocket and then it has to send all of this data to the ad set level to continue the optimization. But the hot pocket is actually being formed on the ad level.

I hope that it's not going to be really complex. I hope that I'm explaining it properly because in my head, I think that it's clear now. I'm pretty sure that I messed up explaining it during this podcast and stuff, but I also created a video about it.

And we can discuss anything that you want in the comments. Now, I got a very stupid message, one of my clients got one stupid message that Meta says, consolidate your adsets for greater efficiency. And we have these messages coming from Meta all the time.

And the stupid part over here is that while they are sending these messages, they don't care at all about the success of another account. Let's say, for example, that you have another account with 20 campaigns. Just because this guy, according to Meta, is an idiot, but he's your client, Meta.

And you have 20 campaigns. What are you proposing? That he has to close all of his campaigns and just run one campaign.

Do you realize that this might mean that his whole account is going to be destroyed? I just want to let you know that Meta is just a company that it's operating for its own benefit and it's not a charity organization. Whatever they are sending to you is just an effort to sell you something, okay?

To try to sell you more and more. Even the learning phase, as I said, it's something that's going to try to make you spend more and they don't care if this is going to be efficient or not. Obviously, they do care if they have a good algorithm which is working, but they do already have that.

So everything else is their effort of trying to sell you something. And yes, like every normal person, for example, there are scammers on the internet that they do sell courses, the courses do nothing, but they can convince themselves that they are helping people. The same is going to happen by Meta.

They are going to convince themselves that they do it for your own good. For example, who can come... Konstantinos is a negative person for saying something about the learning phase progress over here.

And, you know, but I'm just... I'm not just suspicious. I'm just sure of what I'm saying about trying to make people spend more.

All of the MetaREPs don't have any knowledge. They're just salespeople that they try to sell you from awareness campaigns to traffic just to make you spend more. So, all of the things that they're doing in terms of testing, they are not giving you funding of 100% except from some cases.

They just give you 50-50. By the way, for them, testing is... For them, giving you credits, it's free.

Okay? It's not like they take money from their bank. It's just a number.

You're going to spend X amount there. So, even the tests that they're giving you 50% to test something. Of course, it's helping their algorithm and the R&D and everything.

But still, this is something that you wouldn't do otherwise. So, it's another method for them to sell you to do a test for something that they're going to benefit from the data. But they are also going to make some money that they wouldn't make otherwise.

All of the things are based on that. Now, why do they ask you to consolidate? Guys, I don't know if it's a server issue, if they want the people to run less ads and stuff.

I just don't buy this thing that we do care about your success. They don't care at all. Okay?

So, I haven't figured out yet why they want to have less campaigns. Maybe they just want to make it more simplified. Maybe the less campaign structure is helping more the algorithm to understand and get data.

Maybe it's a server thing and they want to have lighter ad accounts or they don't have many campaigns. Because I can see that in ad accounts, they have many campaigns. It's laggy.

I don't know what is this, but for sure, I'm sure that it's not about... because they care about your ad accounts and if you're going to make money or not. On the bigger picture, they do care if people make money on the platform so that they can keep using it.

But on the other hand, when they propose things, they don't care if this is going to be beneficial for you. They just care about how much more money they're going to make because of what they have proposed. So, be careful with what they're proposing.

We have covered other messages that they have automated messages and how bad suggestions are all these. But anyway, let's move on from that also. So, one topic that I want to cover today before we go to the questions is the mentality that I see from several people.

So, several people joined the Chosen 5 program. It was full immediately and stuff. And I can see that a lot of times people are coming from other groups and they have a mentality, okay, let's follow this blueprint.

Let's do this campaign and then when it's doing well, let's duplicate it three times and then let's duplicate it five times or increase the budget by 20%. All I'm saying guys here and what I tried to do with them and it actually worked because their ad accounts did much better is that if you just follow a blueprint, that means that you don't understand the platform. The whole point over here is to understand the platform and each single button.

You cannot just operate in each ad account with the same structure and strategy just because it worked in another ad account. For example, I'm having one ad account which is doing ruffles and I'm breaking any rule to the last three, four days that we have the last days before the draw because everybody's buying tickets then. So, I'm just doing ads like crazy.

I'm just increasing from 5k to 10k and then from 10k to 20k and even on the last day I go to 50k campaigns and because the next day I'm going to close them. So, I'm not afraid of the consequences. I'm not afraid of building something for long term.

I just know that these are creatives that are going to run now and they're going to end. They have a lot of data from the previous months that we were running and now it's the last day. So, I'm not even caring about learning phases.

20% rules. Nothing. I just adapt my strategy to the unique parameters of this ad account and there are many more cases that I can just bring up.

For example, I started one new company. It was on Netherlands. A new ad account, new pixel, new everything.

It worked immediately but I did two things. First of all, I understood that this is a high ticket product so I didn't start with $100 that most people would start but I started with a campaign of $300 and then I did also Advantage Plus because Netherlands is a very small country so there was no point for me to go to interests. Now, if I take this mentality and I go and have a new startup which is starting on the United States and I just do the same, okay about the budgeting but what about the Advantage Plus?

Most probably I'm going to fail because on the United States the audience is going to be 260 million people. This is why I'm saying that you have to think each case in a different way and you have to analyze each account in a different way in order to know what kind of campaign you're going to do, what kind of structure you're going to have, how you're going to approach each different case. If you're just having a blueprint, for example, you have a blueprint of doing a CBO campaign with five ad sets and you are in a company that is having a cost per purchase of 25 and then you go in a company that is having a high ticket item of $1,000 and you just do a CBO with the same amount of ads and the same budget.

Well, that means that you're just following like a headless chicken, just a strategy and that's it. You need to adapt your strategy to each one of the different cases and all of these months because the talent was growing, I met more and more people and I worked on their ad accounts, good ad accounts and I have seen crazy stuff from freelancers and from prestigious agencies that they were running even traffic ads, for example, and retargeting, optimizing for link leaks and running only retargeting, some crazy stuff from 2015. And I was wondering why and why are we approaching all the ad accounts like it's the same thing and we do the same thing again and again just because you have an agency and you operate like a factory that is doing ads and you have so many employees and stuff.

And I know that maybe I'm not, I'm never going to scale to the numbers that the agencies are doing by selling a service and do millions every month. But at least I know that they will have a good service instead of just saying, okay, we took 10 accounts this month, let's run to all of them, one ABO for testing, one CBO for scaling and one retargeting. I think that whoever is, and maybe I'm going to fail also on ad accounts because I didn't find the right approach, but at least I'm going to try it not with something that has been served across all of my ad accounts.

All of my ad accounts they have different strategies. The reason that we saw in this channel all of these different ways is because I want you to test different things on your ad accounts and see what is working better for you. I never told you that crazy method is going to work everywhere.

The only thing that they said about crazy method is that if you have an ad set which is actually working with volume and good draws, most probably on crazy method it's not going to fail if you know how to optimize it properly. But all the other things that we're discussing when you should start your ads, why am I discussing earlier where the ads are actually creating the hot pocket or where the optimization is happening because I do care to understand it more. If you have a mentality of following a blueprint or whatever, or you're trying to find a magical solution, that means that you're not going to do anything with your Facebook ads and I'm really sorry for that because I'm seeing people changing their mentality.

For example, why do we explain the daily loop? Why do we explain that you need to scale with different campaigns? Why do we use ChatTPT and do math in order to understand how much we are risking every time that we're scaling with 20% to make a mistake?

All of these things are happening because we don't have an approach which is just a blueprint and one trick that we do everywhere and it's actually working. And yes, maybe I'm using the crazy method in 60, 70, 80% of my ad accounts because it's working, but this just means that this thing is working across several accounts. I just think that for all of you that you're watching this and you're thinking that, okay, I'm going to watch Konstantinos or buy his course to find his secrets and stuff, it has nothing to do with that.

Even my course and even the mentorship programs and stuff, it's all about teaching you a mentality and understanding how you need to analyze Facebook ads for the different cases that you are going to have. And apparently, guys, it's working because first of all, this is what is working for me. But secondly, I can see people that they have changed their mentality completely and they're doing much better with their ad accounts because they analyze what they're going to do, not based on a blueprint that they have to follow no matter what, but based on what they see and based on their understanding of the platform.

That's all for today. I hope that we're going to solve this thing with blueprints. And I know that they are really, you know, it's really easy for people to just say, take this blueprint, follow it and stuff.

But on the other hand, that's why their channels are not growing, okay? Because they're just not going one extra mile further to understand better the algorithm and try. And I'm not saying that I have understood the algorithm 100%, but at least I'm trying.

I'm not just showing one blueprint that is going to work everywhere and whoever doesn't do it, he's either an idiot or he didn't try enough or his product is wrong or whatever. And yes, there are the cases that there are going to be products that they are set and people don't understand that and they just try to again and again. But there are cases of people that they're just following something completely stupid and wrong, which is working on something else.

I'm not saying that it doesn't work. I'm saying that it works on something else, but it's not going to work on them just because they... just because there are some people on channels that they teach just a blueprint and what you should do and that this thing has to work across all of our accounts because it's convenient to teach people like this and it's saving them time and all of that.

Let's move on. You know my opinion about this thing. I have said several times my opinion.

So let's move on. We have Martin over here. Does anyone use Facebook catch cold traffic to sell an online course using a webinar funnel?

This is exactly the thing that I'm going to... that I was explaining earlier. So you have something, Martin, over here, okay?

And you have a webinar funnel and you're asking other people what are they doing in their webinar funnels. I'm not saying that it's wrong from the perspective of taking ideas, but on the other hand, you're not trying to find your own way. It's totally fine if you copy, by the way, someone else who is already successful.

But on the other hand, you should not expect to have the same results as them because you don't know exactly what they're doing or how trained their pixel is or whatever that may be. So this mentality of asking what should I do... I have a webinar.

What should I do in order to sell? I don't find it correct from the perspective of that every webinar is not the same. Okay, let's see what he says.

Do you bother advertising to the 65 plus demographic? I've made six sales in the past year for my piano course, but I've... for sure then you have a problem with your funnel.

But I've generally found it very tough with this age group and I get a lot of freebie seekers. I've been targeting 40 to 65 with piano interest, but Facebook always send me mainly 65 plus traffic as the cost per lead is cheaper. Of course, it could mean my webinar isn't good enough, but I sometimes get emails from people in their 80s saying they have no money or they can't play the piano due to the poor health.

I feel someone who is 66 is more likely to buy than someone who is 90, but there's nothing I can do about that with Facebook. Should I just target up to age 64 and tweak my webinar masterclass? This is what I would do if you get so bad traffic there.

Should I carry on with 65 plus? Should I try a low ticket offer instead? So no free lead magnet and upsell with my main course?

This way I get buyers into my funds straight away. I've heard this can work well, but there are a lot of moving parts, so it is complicated to get it successfully working. So I did reply to this by saying that all of the things that you're saying, you can just go and test them and see what kind of results you have.

And then you have one or two comments below coming, which is which the people came with the best intention, okay? And they say, you should do this because this is working for another webinar client that I have. You should do that by the way, if I realize that you are trying to sell your services within my group, you are getting banned, okay?

I think that the person that replied to him replied in a very good way, so I cannot ban you. But if I have the sense that you're trying to sell, because you said I'm running several webinars, funnels, blah, blah, blah and stuff, you didn't say if you want help and stuff. But for sure it could work and maybe he messaged you, I don't know.

But if I understand that any of you is trying to sell services through the group, the ban is instant. So the other person came and told him that I'm doing this and that and that and that. And at the end he didn't say, for example, he said, and I feel like it's working pretty well.

Let me see actually so that I'm not going to... No, I want to be fair of what they said. We always have to be fair.

There it is. So, been working with clients selling courses via webinars and the problem you face is very common in the info selling. You can go on any ad network on the internet and it will give you the option to target 1865 plus but you'll still be getting leads of 90 years old and there is nothing you you would be able to do about it.

The problem is your offer funnel here. You can craft in the way you get the leads from someone who whose age is 70 maximum. Anyone above wouldn't be able to become a lead.

That's just one possibility of getting relevant leads even if you target 65 plus. Here's what happened. Facebook or whatever ad network you use will try showing your ads to the people who are most likely to become your lead after you change the funnel.

It will feed data to pixel and show ads to the profiles based on the data it gets. It's all about feeding to your pixel the type of audience you want and it becomes possible when the funnel is designed properly. The front end offer funnel is also an option for you.

Working very well for one of my clients. However, we were doing a webinar funnel and we had no age limits but the conversion rate here on the front end is phenomenal. So, we find it better since it's working better than webinar runs.

But again, if you try a front end funnel, make sure you craft it in a way that gets you a relevant audience because it's always your funnel. Traffic is not a problem. One small change on the funnel side can change the type of traffic you get.

Okay, so to be a little bit fair, it looks like a sales comment but I'm not going to say it's a sales comment. I'm going to go with the best intention to that. Secondly, if you have these clients and you talk from this authority, total respect.

I have nothing to say but on the other hand, I just feel like that on your message is missing a little bit the part that you say you have to try all of this and see if it's going to work for you and all of that because just being sure about something in completely different funnels, it's not okay. But to be fair with you, I don't disagree with what you said. Then he says, should I try a free PSD, blah, blah, blah.

Please bear in mind almost all the traffic coming into my funnel will be called traffic from Facebook ads. I will slowly grow my audience on YouTube when I have more time and I can get Facebook ads working. So, again, here we have a situation of something not working.

You observe the data, you see and you break down the funnel, you are starting making changes, you see if it's working or not. Sadly, that's the part of it. Now, if you were running ads for one year and you got only six sales, that means that you haven't done enough testing on this period.

Next one. Hello, Konstantinos. Thank you very much for your work.

Since I discovered a week ago, I consumed all of your content, all your content possible in just one week. It sounds like... Did you see also the podcast?

As a beginner e-commerce, I'm doing a lot of testing. Over the past six months, I have spent around 15k and just broken even with approximately 400 sales. That's not bad.

I think I wasted a lot of time because before discovering your content, I was just testing with the all-day BO method targeting by interest. The quality of the free content has really done the job. I will join your program because I'm stuck here at break even and need a path to clear follow.

Thank you very much. So, one thing. If you're just running ads and you're breaking even, that's not the end of the world because it means that you can improve with your funnel.

It means that you're having something selling and it means that you can go eventually with a better pixel and have better results. The problem is when you're starting and you're having 0.5 ROAS and you want 4. It's not going to happen.

That means that even from the first week, if you do that and then you try something else, something else and you're getting the same, you're not going to be able to improve. You have to work on your numbers, the company numbers and all of that. I can tell you for sure that it's not going to work like this.

So, it's good that you're breaking even. Now, you can actually start working on improving the ROAS. Next one.

We have Onur over here. Hi, Konstantinos and other friends. I want to share my case with you.

Graphs from my ads manager. I'm not going to include the graphs and would love to hear your ideas. Both CPMs and ROAS were doing great, but I made a serious mistake 10 days ago.

I had four winning creatives, one of which was the best among them and I scaled up the best creative too much. I was duplicating increasing the budget of the best performing campaigns, but without realizing it, I was actually always increasing the budget of the best creative. Yeah.

The day before the decline, I spent 3K on the best creative and total 2K on the other three and then my ad account collapsed. I was a 500K ad account and that was my biggest mistake. I've been losing 1-2K every day in the last week.

I had to reduce the budget. I brought it down to 3K, but I'm still losing money. If anyone has any ideas on how to save my business, it would be much appreciated.

Now, that's why I don't like to scale. I just like to scale with campaigns. Obviously, here we have a mistake.

He didn't mean to do that. But let's discuss a little bit about the case that you are having something working and then you scale it too much because you are greedy or you make a mistake. It doesn't matter.

First of all, as I said, when you scale like this, eventually you're going to make a mistake. It's impossible not to make a mistake and the mistake would mean that your whole ad account most probably is going to collapse. The second thing that I have to say about this is that when this is happening, you need to forget the results that you had in the past.

Okay. It's like the effect with the previous girlfriend, as we said. Okay.

That you have a girlfriend for 10 years and then you have a new girlfriend and you want to start from the place that you stopped from your previous girlfriend with the new one. So, this is not going to happen. And let me tell you that when this is happening and your ad account is collapsing, you need to forget the numbers that you were getting and just start approaching it like you don't know the ad account.

I know it's very difficult, but this is the truth. Because I see people saying, yeah, but I was doing 10k per day, blah, blah. You were doing 10k per day and you f***ed up.

So, let's move on and let's see what you're doing now. Because people tend to forget how much time it took them to build it and the effort and all of that. And they just focus on the fact that they just want to go fast back to this place while they don't remember how long it took to them.

So, in order for you to reach the point of doing that, first of all, you had the hype of your new business, all of that. Now you have something which is more saturated comparing to what you had before. You are having also a situation that because of your mistake, other people took your budget.

Because this is how Facebook is working. Okay. If you're having 10k and you just do a mistake and you lose 2k of your spend, someone else is going to spend this 2k and get these sales.

So, in order for you to go back to the 10k, you need to be consistent and you need to try until someone is going to make a mistake of 2k or step by step you're just taking a little bit and a little bit from your competition, a chunk of the market and their spend. So, the whole spend is going to be spent anyway. Okay.

The point is, if you are liberating some of your spend, you need to know that then you have to win it back. Okay. Now, last thing, which is important over here.

When you are lowering your budgets over here, it doesn't mean that it's going to work. A lot of campaigns are not recovering when you're breaking the point that you are scaling and it's becoming unprofitable. So, what you can do is you can start all over again without remembering what was happening in the past.

Just forget it. Just approach it as a new account. Some campaigns are going to recover like 40%, it's less than 50%.

40% is going to recover when you lower the budget and the thing that is going to happen is that you lower the budget for 2-3 days, it's going to be bad and then it's going to stabilize. This is when you know that your action of lowering the budget was actually successful. So, this is one thing that you can do but it's not working.

If you see that it's still collapsing and you lower the budget again, you wait 2-3 days. You lower the budget, you wait 2-3 days because when you lower the budget immediately, you're going to have bad results because you're lowering the budget. It never means that you will have good results on the next day.

I'm talking about collapsing accounts, okay? Not accounts that they're just doing well and you just want to control them a little bit. When an account is completely collapsing, when this is happening, the next day you're going to have bad results, the next day bad results, the next day it's going to be fixed if it's going to be fixed.

So, you do lower the budget up to the point that you can see that you can save something. Last thing, as I said, you are approaching this without remembering what happened in the past. Maybe you have to decide if you're going to build it all over again, you know, start all over again, do your process and stuff, be patient.

But most of the time, people make a huge mistake when they do that. They're not patient because they just remember that they were spending two weeks ago 10k per day and now they're spending one or two k per day and they just want to go again to the 10k. So, they make fast moves, they're being really aggressive and stuff, while they're not doing it in the same way that they did it in the past.

And another thing is that maybe you have done all of this in a good period and maybe if you're in a bad period, it's not going to be easy or you're not going to be able to go back to your previous numbers. That's how you save if you can save an ad account. But the other solution is that you can start all over again.

When this thing is happening on the ad accounts, if it happened to you and it actually stopped after you lowered the budget, you are lucky. Because most of the times when I see ad accounts collapsing because of these kind of things, and I have seen them, for example, because of agencies taking over an ad account that it was operating and touching things and the whole ad account collapsing. When this is happening, most of the times the whole thing is going to collapse and you will have to start all over again.

With the problem of thinking that you were spending X amount of money, now you spend much less, you might be pushed to spend more money because you have operation costs and all of that. Anyway, it's a difficult situation when it's happening. But then there's not a magic recipe in order to save it.

Actually, you will have to you know, be patient and just really professional and experienced about it. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description.

This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is! Thenych傳