Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Γεια σας, φασικά, κοινωνία, είμαι Κωνσταντίνος και αυτό είναι το Φασικά Βασικά Βασικά. Γεια σας, άλλο πόδια. Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE, είμαι λίγο αρκετός, και θα μπορούσα να μην κόφω από την εξάρτηση.

Τον τρόπο θα είναι για την αρκετή της αρκετής. Στην γενικά πλησιάση αυτή την εβδομάδα, θέλω να μιλήσω για δύο πράγματα που έχω δημιουργήσει. Πρώτα, μπορείτε να δείτε ότι οι εφαρμογές είναι καλύτεροι.

Πρώτα, θέλω να δείτε τα εφαρμογές που βλέπουν από όλα τα εφαρμογές μου. Σεκόντως, θέλω να δείτε το πόδια, ότι έχω μια νέα προδομάδα για την εφαρμογή που είναι για το 2023 και το πώς θα βλέπω τις αρκετές. Αυτό είναι αυτό το πρόγραμμα.

Έτσι, μην εμένα, έναν δύο πριν την αρκετή του πόδια, θα βλέπω ότι έχω ένα νέο βίντεο για το ρετρουγή, το 2023. Σε επόμενα, θα βλέπω έναν δύο πρόγραμμα που έρχεται επίσης για το σκέλημα. Δεν, δεν, είναι επίσης για την οπτιακή της CPUς.

Και έχω ένα άλλο βίντεο που έρχεται από λουκάλες και άλλο που έρχεται επίσης για το σκέλημα με το προδογή. Βλέπω ότι θα κάνω πιο για το 2023. Δεν ξεχνάτε, στην εβδομένη εβδομένη, αν δεν έχετε δει το βίντεο για το φιλοσοφικό μου για το 2023, που έδειξε όλες τις μήνες μου και όλα, θα πρέπει να βλέπω και να το βλέπω.

Δύο μεγάλες πράγματα. Πρώτα, έκανα κάποιες εμφανίες με ένας από τους εργαλίες και έφεραν ότι υπάρχει ένα μικρό βάση. Δεν είναι κατα Technologiesικ舞ο mover μιας Calendar, μιας μέσα όταν είναι πιο διαρροφόςежде χρησιμοποιούμε την Αυτική Ατόμποληρση that we 넣고 the setting for 6 ημ, Northeast', μπορείς να τα πειάнимε γιατί συνόδευνε με aroseρ onc δ操作 μέσα τώρα διουργάσαμε α问题.

Μπορούμεν με το σέπ knee- districts να προσιμτούν το έπ geschés Savior, ιδέ Yue you Can Not Om And If Sadduce Alebone Koch directly. Έτσιώς ψουμε να τα πέραμεmo enemies! Άδια, ηXT βίντεο που θέλω να πείτε Ιστεκούδες are το πρόοδος.

Με échλλον να 성공ируют ο Δερφοessen Αιχ разр efficient estoy συνδέando εγκαλές ο κατάλληλα, Τώρα, από την ώρα, εγώ τεστωρώνται νέα. Τα στις χρόνια και μοναλίδες με τα πλήρες και τα πράγματα είναι τα πράγματα που εγώ τεστωρώνται. Με τα στις χρόνια, μπορείτε να σας πω ότι έχω λαθεί κάποιες αδες.

Δηλαδή, δηλαδή, με πω να σας πω το κονσεπτό. Το κονσεπτό είναι αυτό. Πρώτα, έχουμε ένας αγών που έχει πολλές εξεπιστές.

Εthers καλύτερα, το έχωτε με αυτά στο πηγράφο κν��υνο slam υπο estoy ville δοηλαδή τηςικης επι covered. Επίzzω να φ adaptationemi και θα θέλω να φωτιωτίUT δεν forma dil uyγε. Ε39.

Χωρίς ακόματι της κοστ diss劑cios είναι αυτό. Ρέζω έχουμε ένα σημαντικό κοστbotυνομα σε μητήθos στις περισσότερες τεστωάινες αδύση. 25 dollars cost per purchase and on this one we are trying to always try to improve.

So with the cost cap you're going to put one of your creatives that is working very well, you're going to do an ABO campaign because cost cap is always ABO, you're going to put as a cost per acquisition target over there, one asset with 21, one asset with 22, one asset with 23, always two less and another two below. So 21, 22, 23. If our average cost per purchase it was 28 you would put 26, 25, 24 in three assets in order to see which one is going to spend and so on.

Because the cost caps when you put a cost cap in the optimization option it's not going to spend unless if it's going to get the results that you're asking from Facebook to get. So this is how the cost caps are working and I'm testing it right now it's working on two or three ad accounts so start doing your tests and see if it's going to work or not for you. Now, about relance of the ads which is the main topic of today's podcast.

Basically what I wanted to say about the relancing of the ads is this. We have situations that we are having successful ads and the ads after some point they don't work anymore just because we have an untrained pixel or we have a bad period with our Facebook ads whatever. So what I want to say about this is that it doesn't mean that you have to reinvent the wheel.

Relancing of an ad means this. You have one campaign which is working, it stopped working so what can you do after that? You're just duplicating it and start the next day at 6am.

This is going to help you a lot to not lose all of your campaigns and I see a lot of times people do the same mistake over again and again which is this. They have one campaign working and then they try to do completely different targeting, completely different creative, trying to replicate the success again with another way and then I want you to know that you just have to relance it. Don't forget that the initial results that you're getting on Facebook, they are completely random.

You might get one sale here and there and then it's going to help you get more sales especially with new pixels that they are not trained enough and they don't have enough data to give you always successful results. The initial results are very important and you might get some good results, you might not but this is what is going to dictate how the campaign is going to continue optimizing after that. So relancing is a very good option for several cases.

First of all, we have one campaign which is working for a long period. It doesn't mean that it's not going to work again, just relance it and maybe it's going to work for a smaller period this time but it's also an option so that you can keep having sales until you find another good adder or a good creative which is going to work again. Relancing is an option for something that worked in the previous five months and then you stop doing it and you want to try it again.

Third option is when you are having another thing basically that you can do is that you can scale with that. You can have spending in one campaign 200-300 dollars and you're relancing this campaign with a bigger budget or the same budget trying to spend this time 600 instead of trying to scale this campaign just like this which maybe it's going to cause it to lose on ROAS and so on and so on. There are so many things.

What I'm trying to say here is this, you have to understand two basic concepts. The first one is the randomness of the initial results. There are campaigns and assets that you might start on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday on different days and they're going to have completely different results and there are also campaigns that they might work for a very long period and they're going to die and you can relance them.

So randomness of the initial results is going to help you optimize your ads as I said earlier and this is a concept that you need to understand. Why? Because you might start one campaign and you are unlucky and you are thinking that it's...

I'm actually... I have one video I believe which is coming soon where I'm showing one case that I was having a specific campaign which did very bad and then I relanced it two days later and it has 3.5 ROAS now. So these are also things that you need to look and actually use relances.

Just to recap, relances can be used on something that has worked and you want to make it work again because of the randomness of the initial results which is going to help it optimize all over again. And the second thing is that relance can be used in cases that you have some good metrics like good clicks, good everything and stuff but it didn't work out because you were unlucky with initial sales and you won't relance it in order to see if it's going to pick up this time. Don't forget that the more you have a new pixel which is unstable the more you need to do relances in order for you to find something that is going to help you get going because at the start the pixel is not so strong in order to give you always some results with any campaign.

So you need to do relances in order for you to have this randomness of the initial results which is going to get you a result which is going to get you to continue further. That's for the main topic. I think relances is a great tool.

I think that you should use it and a lot of times there are people that they don't use it and that's a huge issue. Let's move to the next one. I was having one client once and I'm bringing this topic up because there's a guy who actually mentioned it about okay I'm out of stock I'm going to do pre-orders and with the pre-orders I'm going to be able to actually get sales while I'm not having the stock and then I'm going to send all of the items.

Pre-orders are a little bit risky let me tell you why and even if you do it you should go and you should increase the shipping time in the page quality score but you are risking your Facebook page because one of the major reasons that Facebook pages are getting banned is because of the shipping times. Basically Facebook is making a question and is asking did you get your item or are you happy with the delivery something like that and if you answer no then you're getting bad rating. So if you're not satisfied in other words and you're getting a question.

Maybe the people are going to agree and I hear some of you saying that but they agreed on the pre-order but they forget and people can can be bad especially in anonymous anonymous surveys. So people might say no I'm not satisfied I didn't get my product and they wouldn't even remember if this was a pre-order and that you told them about it. So be careful with pre-orders because I have seen sites which are extremely legit and stuff they're just out of stock.

They try to continue having cash flow which is okay for a business but they do it in a way that it's wrong in my opinion. If you want to do any pre-orders do it with other channels like SMS email marketing and stuff and don't do it with ads because with ads Facebook is going to ask and maybe you will have issues with your page quality score. I have seen it happening.

Now we have the model of the blue verify button coming with a payment as I think someone from Facebook announced. Basically the situation is that you have to pay something like 11 or 12 dollars or euros per month in order to have the blue verify button. There are a lot of people that they are against it.

I'm not against it at all. I think that it's a very good move and I think that we should do it because at least now you will pay for something and people will take more, will look more. For example, I have an idiot who is pretending that it's me and he's asking money from people so that he's going to a ban accounts from them and he has made some campaigns and he has 100k viewers, 100k followers from Pakistan and India.

And I have nothing against Pakistan and India. It's because it's cheaper CPI, I'm there and it's easier to get followers. So he's having all of that there and maybe someone would think that if this guy is having 100k, he is the real Constantinos, whatever.

Okay, if you see his account, it doesn't make any sense that it's me. But anyway, I have people messaging me, is this you or stuff and they say no, it's not me. So now if we can pay for that and of course Facebook is going to ask for identification, passport and everything, I think it's going to be a very good and the numbers that are out there.

And of course, getting to the blue verification button that exists now, it's very difficult and I have tried several times, but it's not just giving it. So I think it's a good solution for all of us to know which ones are the legit accounts and which are not. By just paying, you will just have to give your ID because right now, because nobody pays, they are not actually good people, good system about it so that it can verify accounts.

So it's a problem. Now, we have some news from Facebook. I'm going to put two pictures over here.

One of them says about work accounts. So there is a new way about Facebook that talks a little bit about some new ad accounts that you can have. And what I'm trying to say with this is this.

How many times have we been working in a business and we were actually having our personal account being used and we use also our personal account for the business. So Facebook wants to eliminate that and they want you to have one account which is going to be your personal and one account which is going to be for your business. So the concept is this.

We are having our personal accounts that we were forced as employees, for example, a lot of times to use in order for us to be able to do our job in our businesses in a corporate level. And Facebook is thinking and says, okay, but we want your personal account to be for your own use so that you can do everything that you want which is not affecting your business. This is BS because still it's going to affect if you're part of a business.

But you can go and you can have another account which is going to be your corporate account and you can have another profile there that you're going to use for your business. It's a very good thought. Let's read about it.

It says work accounts gives you access to meta work tools. Use meta work accounts to log into meta devices and services for work. No personal Facebook accounts required.

Perfect so far. And then it says, why use work accounts? Powerful and secure account management.

With work accounts organizations have more control over the security of their employee accounts. Of course, because if you have a professional account, this account needs to have different layers of security instead of your personal account, which is going to have different ones. Of course, in my opinion, you should always look also for your personal account to be super secure because this can compromise your professional account if you don't pay attention to it.

And then it has business will be able to manage their employees work accounts and have access to enterprise great features like a single sign-on integration and so on. We will continue to expand availability throughout the rest of the year. So right now it's not available everywhere.

I think it's only in the United States for the time being and for some businesses. And on the left side, you can see that she is logging into with Lisa at foxfabrics.com. So this is using her corporate email.

Now, there are some remarks that they have about this, which a lot of times, you know, first of all, it's going to be a pain for people to have just another account, another workspace, another thing, because in a corporate level and all of the corporate CEOs are going to love this because it looks professional and so on. But at the end of the day, it's going to be a mess of working in another environment. Is it a good feature?

Yes, I believe that you should have a different account from your personal and from your business one because there are a lot of times that there are businesses that they have been destroyed just because somebody was operating from their personal profile and he was doing everything there. And when he was being sacked or he left the company, he was taking all the work with him. So totally fine with that also, especially for agencies that are running Facebook ads.

I think that this is very good to have professional accounts, everybody not using their personal accounts. Also good. But why is Facebook doing that?

Do we actually know? So what is the main way that Facebook is getting more money to increase the stock value? By having new ad accounts, by having new accounts.

So what is Mark doing on the third world world countries? I think now we don't call them like this due to political conditions, we call them developed countries. Why he's going to develop countries, Elon Musk.

Like my girlfriend yesterday, she told me, my wife now, she told me that in the pharmacy there was one person that came and she didn't say, she said gender transition and not change of gender. She didn't say so that she can be political correct in the way that she's phrasing. So now we call them also developed countries, not third world countries.

So the developed countries, Elon, not Elon, Zuckerberg is actually going there and he's trying to put the internet to small villages and stuff. Apart from the fact that it's going to help them a lot, what are these people are going to do as a first move? They are going to make a Facebook account.

What does this mean? It means that he's going to have more new accounts. New account means that the stock is rising and Facebook is showing expand.

Perfect. What if somebody had a very good idea so that it can make all the people who work in businesses to have a personal and a business account? That means new accounts which they actually have a use.

So over there you're having a very good tool for Facebook to keep increasing the accounts and the new accounts that are coming because this is going to help them with their stock which is going just like this right now. Okay so this is one thing about it but of course this the the same way that this doesn't change the fact that people on the developed countries are going to be helped by internet, the fact that Facebook is going to be helped by that it doesn't mean that it's not a good feature. I still believe that it's a good feature.

The only thing that really bothers me is that there are people that are going to suffer having a lot of accounts with a lot of businesses and everything. Now let's go to the favorite topic of today. So I was watching these two pictures guys.

In the left here we can see I really like the fact that I can take the decisions of the editing on my own. I haven't even discussed it with her and I see on the left here and I say she's going to do it. So on the left here we have one picture from the Twitter employees before Elon Musk taking over and on the right here we have with the new situation with Elon Musk.

So why do I bother about Twitter first of all? Because I believe that what we see on the left side is happening right now which for you it's most probably the right side. I need to also understand how to talk.

So I'm going to say from it. So what I see on the right side, you see how professional I am, on the right side over here, it's all about the personnel that we have right now on Facebook guys. And we have all of these people that you can see just from the picture that there are people that most probably they work one hour and they are super tired and then they have to do a break and then after the break they have to do a pointless meeting and then after that they do that and all of these people they are hiring same people like them so it continues to grow a situation on Facebook that it's full of lazy people.

And then we have on the right side a team which I want to focus mostly on this guy. I'm going to show you later who is he. I believe that...

I don't know how to express myself about this guy. So first of all I love him okay because this guy over here I feel like in order for you to stop him from coding you have to take him with a headlock out of his chair in order to drag him out of the building because most probably he's coding 20 hours of the 24 hours of the day. Most probably his chair is the smelliest chair in the world and he's sitting always there coding and stuff and maybe he's not smelling flowers but I'm sure like the other blondies over here do but I'm sure that this guy...

nothing personal with his hygiene maybe he's smelling perfectly well okay but I think that this guy is actually working a lot okay and then you have all of these other geeks over there that they say and this is why I want to say you have people that they are not lazy and these the companies are the people that they are working on these companies. So over here we can see a team of people that they are going to work 24 7 and on the other one we see a team of people that are just going to drink coffee 24 7 and just have pointless meetings. So in my opinion this is the problem that Facebook has right now and they need to start firing people and start hiring more people like my friend over here in order to fix things and in order to make customer support better or whatever because the people that they're actually working in companies and not the people that they are political correct or whatever and they have this good environment and all these are not the people that they're taking companies forward.

This is my remark about it and I'm just going to put it there just because after Twitter fired all of these people and we could see all of these drama queens getting out I could understand it really reminded me of the people working in the public sector here in Greece that they do nothing and they just all the time cry about their about their rights about their rights on the works on work and all of that which really makes me sad because everybody's dreaming Greece is to become to work on the on the public sector instead of going to the private sector because they think that it's more difficult so yeah that's my point of view I think that if Facebook is going to go to this picture over here it's going to help it a lot to have better customer support better everything and about this guy I would love to have him also in my company just out of his face okay and his physique he's the same like me he's working all day he's fat he doesn't care about anything else rather than coding I care nothing about others rather than facebook ads yeah I would love to meet him his friend also next to him the other Chinese guy I would love to and the guy next to Elon Musk all of these are all these are people that I guess that they are working 24 7. Anyway I'm a little bit prettier so let's go we have another email that came it says this March Meta is excited to hit the road to help our partners adopt the most innovative best practices set up solid foundations and understand testing opportunities to learn what works best in today's marketing environment so they have a series of events they have one in Austin and one in Chicago it's on the 1st and 2nd of March so if you have a facebook rep and you are in one of these places maybe you should check if you can if you can find a ticket or whatever so I'm announcing that obviously I'm not there so I'm not going to go and even if I was there I wasn't going to go because I'm hearing that every day from several facebook representatives now and to be honest with you I don't think they want me there because I will start asking questions and they would not like that let's go to your questions guys this is these were the main topics I will try to make this podcast a little bit shorter today because my throat is hurting me and right now I'm suffering now we have this one it says I always watch your videos and they are very helpful thank you very much you keep telling that automatic placements is not the best option but what do you think is better what should we turn on and what we should turn off I said through your videos but I cannot find the answer first of all I have something about automatic placements I get I understand that it's another video so I'm going to prepare for you another video soon most probably in the next 30 days which is going to be about automatic placements in 2023 just to keep it very simple until the video comes out because I'm going to prove it also with breakdown of results of what is working or what doesn't the placements that are currently working is facebook feed instagram feed facebook stories instagram stories facebook stories don't work that much but they have sales now the thing that changed in 2023 and the late 2022 is now we're using console reels reels when they started like everything on facebook they didn't work well now by breaking down the results we can see that we're having sales also on facebook and instagram reels so you have these six placements that you have to use everything else is useless and it's not working I'm going to prove it to you with a video you have to be patient for one month for now use them and when the video comes out I think it's going to clear any doubts that you have about it because everything is going to be there with breakdown of results of actual accounts spending x amount of money 500 sales 600 sales breakdown results let's see which placements are working okay now this doesn't mean that facebook doesn't push the concept of automatic placements we explained why as I said several times it's an extra income for them so basically when you're having all of these placements and facebook is spending 10 cents 20 cents 30 cents in each one of these other placements except from the six one and then it's optimizing to those six because they are getting the sales facebook is taking from you for each campaign x amount of money which is multiplied with the other accounts with the campaigns with the businesses so this is a very huge income for them coming for no reason now is there a possibility that facebook is giving better results when you run automatic placements or not maybe and this is why I'm running automatic placement in several accounts because I see that I'm getting better results at the end of the day what I care about is not about the money that facebook is going to steal but I'm getting about the money that I'm going to generate and if I'm profitable or not if on if facebook wants to steal some money steal some money and wants me to use automatic placement is fine I'm going to do it on the other hand I must say that I don't care so much about facebook stealing money I care about understanding if they are doing it or not so I just don't want to be stupid if they steal some of my money and I say okay let them steal it because I'm still winning it's fine but if they steal it and I don't know it this is what really bothers me this is why we're talking about automatic placements a lot of time but we talk from the perspective of not don't you don't ever use them but from the perspective of I know that you are stealing me I will keep letting you steal me but I'm doing it because I'm getting better results now next question Heather I have just launched my campaign and it is working great as I'm trying to scale with more campaigns budget I keep hitting the facebook ad spending limit I have no failed payment whatsoever does anyone have a solution to that the support couldn't help me out nobody has a solution to that when you have a spending limit into your ad account you just have to be a good boy keep paying your keep paying and be good with your payments continue like this and everything is going to be fine they're going to increase at some point your spending the other thing that I want to point out to that is that from time to time you need to ask the customer support because there are cases that I have increased it by talking to the customer support there are other cases like yours here that they told me no we cannot increase it for you so this is something that you need to check from time to time with them and by from time to time I mean every 20 days or one month you need to ask most of the times it's being increased on its own and you can do nothing about it just make sure that you are paying in time and you don't have payment failures in your ad account because this is going to not help you at all next one on the topic of different pixels for different countries what is your opinion in terms of nieces do you think that we also need a different pixel if we are targeting a completely different demographic for example if a product is going to be targeting moms and a different product is targeting teenage girls or even grandmothers should we use the same pixel for all of them I love to know your thoughts thank you no we should not use the same pixel now the concept of having a store which is having a trained pixel for a specific product for example for grandmothers and then inside there finding another product which is for a completely different audience it's very well known and there are companies like Unilever for example that they are doing different marketing for the next product so think of it Unilever has so many products and they are doing different marketing for each one of them why do they do it of course not for the pixel because facebook is just one part of the marketing they do it because also in real life in order for you to be able to focus and give the message that you want for the specific needs that you want to target you need to have a different marketing so what are you doing you are differentiating your program your product with another logo another site whatever so in the same situation over here if we think of it of course you should not go with the same pixel there are a lot of companies that they are starting with a specific product which is their best seller then they find next to it another product which is doing very well and they are breaking this product to a new site so that they can have a different marketing focus more to it and get the full potential out of it the biggest possibility over here for a new product that is going to target a different niche is that if you keep it on the same site it's going to always be the shadow of the main product if you want to make it better if you want to start having more sales if you want to focus more to this niche and so on and so on what you need to do is that you need to focus with a new pixel a new site a new marketing different creatives all of it different logo all of it it has to be different if you want to go to the full potential of it now if you address to this product as another product but i care about my main product but this is going to be just another good product okay but if you want the full potential out of it you have to go into a new site basically and this is something that is not new this is something that a lot of companies are doing for a lot of different businesses there are even SaaS products or digital products that they are starting with a specific thing then they have a feature inside the program which they are making it a completely different product because they can see that they can scale it differently the same is happening with products that they start as one item stores and then they find another product which is super strong and they go to another or we go to to big companies like Unilever or Coca-Cola for example didn't name Fanta Yellow Cola it named Fanta it has a different branding over there because it's a different product yes there are both soft drinks but maybe they are dressed to different ages and they have different marketing also so you have to understand that yes you have the mother company but you have different logos and different things like Unilever is doing or Coca-Cola or every other big company so on that yes Facebook is also going to follow that and we have the pixel and everything which makes total sense if you have a different site different logo different everything different landing page different creatives and different pixel now unless if you don't care about it okay and you want your good other product to just be in the shadow of your main product it's fine or have lesser results or you don't want to scale it question so he's talking about advantage flash on this comment and he says does the campaign completely stop it goes back to revision when you add a new creative or country to target yes if you are in uh if you're in an advantage flash and you add an other ad basically you are setting uh your uh uh if you're changing your country you're setting your ad set uh does this mean that uh you're going to lose all of the optimization that was happening in theory yes uh you're losing all the optimization and uh you are exiting from uh you're going again to the learning phase if you exit it and so on is it devastating no uh i have seen people doing it i don't like to do it to be honest with you i like to start my uh campaigns all over again but people say that yes but it's keeping the data of the last seven days so it has better chance of optimizing fine i can get that point uh but i'm sure that it's resetting this is one of the things that i know it's resetting and it's starting all over again the only things that are not even if you change a comma on the text is going to reset it the only thing that is not resetting the ads is to change the name of a company or of an ad and change the budget it's not resetting it maybe it's going to cause other issues but it's not resetting it at least so be careful with that in this channel we follow the philosophy of if you have something new you do it on a new campaign you don't disturb the ones you have because we have several now if you believe in the in the stupid philosophy anyway i'm not going to call it stupid so that i can judge it but let's say that you do just one campaign with uh one ad set and then you change only the ads over there and stuff okay fine go and do it but we have a completely different philosophy uh from that we would do it with a new campaign and we would have several campaigns uh and yes it resets it uh especially the learning phase now if it keeps the results from the last seven days for optimization maybe maybe it does because um i have done it also for example i'm optimizing one campaign and i'm doing one mistake for example and i'm closing the ad set and then i'm reopening it they don't die they just keep going so i guess that it's keeping some data from the last seven days uh it's just different from the way that we optimize and we do campaigns on the ad account but i think that the answer to your question now let's say i create a small 15 retargeting cbo uh three assets one visitors one middle of funnel one video views does facebook automatically prefer the larger visitor audience now in general in cbo campaigns facebook is going to prefer of course uh the ad set that has the bigger potential reach because it's easier for it to spend the money there what really bothers me though this question is two things first of all you don't run cbo with your retargeting there is no point to have three adsets and make them compete with each other in a cbo campaign because these are very specific audiences that you don't want them to compete with each other because you know that they're already good because you are running conversion ads and this is a targeting audience that you want so first of all no cbo on retargeting just run the imagine abo second thing if you have only 15 dollars for the targeting don't run three adsets run one put everything inside and start getting results with the 50 there is no point of breaking down your funnel to three different assets instead of having one especially when you're having such a small budget the breaking of results it has to it has to be a case when you are running the breaking of uh of more assets in the targeting it has to be something that you do when you're running big campaigns with big budgets and you want to break down your funnel more in order to target specifically people in the different stages of the funnel because you're having a lot of them in the different stages of the time of the funnel now if you want to spend such a small amount of money uh i think you should do just one with all of the budget it doesn't make any sense to break the funnel more um because you're not leaving money on the table it's going to be enough um so yeah that's my remarks about uh this question okay let's go to the last one and then we go to how much time to oh perfect we're going to do it uh at least we're going to do once more uh now question hello i just see you let me see if i found no this is last hello i just see your videos and subscribe thank you i have one quick question please i'm selling books for 9.99 and i want to know what budget should i give to the assets i'm selling in us and uk and i give the asset five dollars i just want to know how to scale please also my aov16 because i do bundles and upsells thank you so much for the content uh it's a nice store before i answer this i had before the podcast the discussion with uh with the client that uh she came see see she came and she told me uh look i'm having a store right now that i want to have a customer acquisition for t-shirts on three dollars and the the cost per acquisition for hood is on five dollars and i sent her an email and i told her what makes you think that you can hit these numbers and why are you asking for those uh is your pixel new first of all as she told me yes my pixel is new in order for my business to work i also told her the previous mail that what she's hacking is impossible based on the cpms right now on united states and that is not going to happen um because guys if if we could hit those numbers with t-shirts everybody would have a t-shirt store right now it's um it would be like uh like the cryptos you would go and everybody would talk about the crypto this and that and that you you will go and you everybody that you know around you you would have a t-shirt store so i told you that as you told me if you don't believe that it cannot happen thank you very much for your honesty but we cannot work together of course and i really like to to be super straightforward with this kind of stuff uh because i'm not going to promise that this is going to happen or whatever in order to get a client and i don't want to work with an account like this because it's always going to be a problematic situation that this person it's not having an issue with the facebook ads it's having an issue with their numbers so their numbers don't make sense just because she wants to have this or that in order to be profitable it doesn't mean that facebook is going to give that so we have to be careful with what we are asking from facebook because from time to time let me tell you that this is not going to happen uh so maybe here we have one situation like this because it says i'm selling ebooks for 9.99 okay i'm selling in the western uk um he gives him to his adsense five dollars and the aov is 16 so if we made 16 divided by five he's asking from his adsense in a daily level 3.2 ROAS which is a problem so when you look when somebody is sending me a message and i see such an item selling for 10 dollars average order value of 15 this person in order to be pro he's spending five dollars on each ad set that means that we are having a situation that 99 i'm 99 percent sure that it's not profitable and it's never going to be because when you sell something for 10 you're having 16 dollars aov in order for you to be profitable you need to have five ROAS i guess or how much but even if you have even if you want one ROAS it doesn't make any sense so i don't know how to answer this um i want to know what budget should i give uh to the ad sets i'm selling um i would go with a cbo i guess here in order to start seeing what kind of cost per acquisition you can get uh do a cbo for example with 50 and uh five ad sets and just show that you can see what kind of results you can get what kind of cost don't get me wrong i have seen uh one or two companies in the past year only one or two but they have such low cost per purchases and stuff and it was working for them one of them it was selling a very small calendar like this with jesus christ on it and it was having three dollars cost per purchase and it was profitable crazy i couldn't believe my eyes when i was watching it so there are rare cases that you can do that of course not with t-shirts but in that case over here i think that maybe it's it's not going to be profitable but still just because it's facebook and we have to try it uh i would run a 50 dollar per day cbo with five budgets and try to optimize it and see what kind of cost per acquisition i can get through that but other than that i don't like the numbers i don't like the i don't like nothing about it anyway good luck aiden i hope to have good news from you in another uh comment and don't don't get discouraged from what i say just keep doing your thing uh but also keep a little bit into your mind what i said now let's close uh this uh smaller podcast today because uh i'm suffering right now from my throat um with this um thing that i found on upwork it says looking for a facebook ads expert we have a client but we would like to swift our facebook ads work to someone else we have a client but we would like to swift our facebook ads work to someone else okay we are looking for someone who has some latest experience with facebook ads and knows about their updated latest latest tricks but all must also know how to set up conversion striking very well mainly to some page views and thank you pages um okay page view is by default what do you want to fix if you put the if you put the pixel somewhere it's going to get page views it's by default so anyway now here is why i'm watching this it says it's a small client with small budget about two three campaigns and our monthly management budget is 100 so i wasn't sure about this this is why i put it here uh long-term potential client as well with more clients as well uh but we'll start with this client uh so um first of all are you getting paid 100 for as a fee for this client if you're getting paid 100 how much is he spending 200 and uh if if his budget is 100 and maybe uh you write it in a different way here it actually made me thinking what do we consider when do we consider a business small so for me somebody who doesn't have to spend 100 or 200 dollars on facebook ads it's not considered a small business it's not considered a business at all because i believe that someone could run 100 ads even if it was a 12 years old boy or girl with their allowance for example how can somebody not have 100 dollars for facebook ads or 200 and and they have a business it doesn't make any sense because we always hear about small business and small business what kind of small business doesn't have 100 or 200 dollars i can i can think of one maybe it's a girl that sells um lemonades on sunday and she wants to do ads so that people can go uh to the stall and take the lemonade maybe this is one of the businesses that couldn't afford spending 100 or 200 dollars per month unless if you clever boys or girls are taking two thousand dollars out of this client and you're giving just 100 to the freelancer which means that you are city people and anyway that's all i had for you uh i know it was a strange podcast because uh i'm not feeling very well uh at least i don't have fever but i think that i'm going to recover i have to recover because i have some very good videos that i'm creating then the next week and i want to video shoot all of them and be super healthy about them uh and um sorry for my coughing sorry for making this um short um and i will see you on the next podcast and i hope that i'm going to be better in the next one uh have a nice day guys this was the facebook ads breaking news podcast like it or not it is what it is you