Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, Podcast 104. If you know me well all of these years, most probably you understood that the previous week I should have been in a very dramatic state so that I wouldn't do a podcast.

I have done podcast other times with Fever but this time it was beyond my powers, I just couldn't move. Thank you very much for the supportive messages and I guess I survived so we're going to continue with the podcasts. So for today's topic we have the new style campaign that we see that is being introduced across the ad accounts.

It's being rolled across several ad accounts. By the way, I would like to also tell you that maybe you're going to hear sounds of the baby today because we're video shooting during the day. I'm trying to change a little bit my schedule with the baby and everything so I apologize for that but bear with me and my life and the changes that I have.

So we're going to talk about the campaign, the new style campaign that we have which is going to be rolled across the ad accounts. I'm talking about the advantage sales campaign which is a new unified style of just the wholesales. We're not going to have ASC separately and manual campaigns as we used to have them.

So this is the main topic for today and the things that I'm testing, crazy methods and stuff. I've already posted a video about it but yeah I want to give you some updates and stuff and tell you a little bit more about it by showing pictures here and stuff because I feel like I focused more in the crazy method part over there. I have also some new information about it so we'll talk about this.

I have gathered many many many questions and I'm seeing also an email from Meta here introducing the technical pro and the measurement pro and we're going to discuss also a little bit about that and of course a lot of questions. So let's start with the main topic which is the change of the advantage sales campaign now. Instead of shopping they're going to be called sales.

The thing is about it is that now you might not see it. Let's say that on the 50 accounts that I manage I see it on two or three accounts which means that it's in the early stages. This is what Meta always does.

They are actually taking it and they are just introducing it to 10% of their accounts, 20%, 30%, 40% and if it doesn't have any problems eventually it goes to 100% of their accounts. Of course Meta did it on a period that I did my course so I have to redo some of the videos eventually. I'm not going to redo them now because maybe it's not going to be introduced in all other accounts but from what MetaReps told me this is going to be final and it's going to go across all their accounts.

We don't know until when it's going to happen but it's going to happen gradually. The thing about it is that it's a new thing. We have less and less and less control in the things that we can do.

There are some workarounds and some things that I'm testing already and I will let you know about them as I'm testing more. The thing that we're going to see now is that when you're creating your sales campaign if you have it, the other thing which makes me believe that it's going to go across all other accounts but again until I see it in all other accounts I'm not going to do the changes on the course. At the end of the day I have decided that the new course is always going to be updated and everybody is going to have lifetime access and I will keep updating it all the time.

Is that when you create a sales campaign now immediately you go into the creation. Back in the day there was a prompt that prompt there was a pop-up window which was saying advantage shopping campaign and it was with a preset campaign with ABO many adsets as you remember and a unified style of ads and campaign and below that all the ads and we had also the manual which was the normal way of doing campaigns for all of these years having CBO and ABO and all of that. Now I don't know if it's a good or a bad thing, I don't know if the results are going to be good or bad, I don't know if...

oh we didn't talk about the results on this period. I feel like today I had a discussion with my friend Jonathan. As I told you you're going to meet Jonathan in a year from now in the new studio and stuff we're going to make the podcast to friends talk about Facebook ads.

Maybe I'm going to reshape completely the podcast as it is now and we will go to a podcast which is going to be more about deep conversations. Obviously he's not going to come every week. I don't know if I'm going to continue doing the podcast every week and I will do it once or twice per month with him only or I will do with him and normal podcasts.

I will see how this is going to go. The channel keeps growing so I guess it's going to be based on your feedback also at that point and I was discussing with him and I was saying I'm seeing a little bit of better results on March and he told me I don't really see it you know maybe we're just saying it because we're getting tired of having bad results since the middle of January with a bad February and now we don't see it recovering completely and I start thinking and I said yeah he's right maybe I'm trying to sugarcoat it so that I can feel better about it. It's not like we have good results you know that we have still the same problems it's not a good month again it's a medium month so we'll see how it rolls.

Now is it because of more people advertising is it because of the changes that Meta is actually doing right now we don't know and to be honest with you I don't really care all I all I care about is to start seeing again some decent months. It's not fair also for media buyers someone might hire you and he was having let's say for example on January some decent results in the first 15 days and then you come you're having worse results than him because it's a bad period and you are the one to blame so but this is our life you know with as media buyers with Facebook ads you might take another account which wasn't doing well and then you go on a month which is very good and suddenly you're the hero of the ad account. So we don't know but still that doesn't mean that we're going to stop and we're going to not try to have the best results and everything.

Now first of all the first thing that you're going to see when you create this campaign in the new style is going to be that you're going to see immediately the campaign creation, campaign, ad set and ad and over there you're going to have the on the right side you're going to have a bar which is going to show that you're having three advantage plus on which is the budget, the audience and the placements. Now let's start from the budget which is on the campaign level of course on the campaign level it still has the catalog if you if you want to use the catalog most of the times I like to pick my catalog as an option to the ad level but this is a personal preference. On the budget over here you will see that it has campaign level and below you're going to see the ad set budget that it's gray.

That means that it doesn't let you create to put over there immediately ABO. The workaround on that is that you can duplicate a second ad set and then it's going to let you pick the ad set budget. Why doesn't it let you do it?

Because the suggestion that they give you is to have a CBO so advantage campaign budget as we call it now which is the budget set up on the campaign level. Over here I have two remarks. There are several things that I need to try in order to understand which one is working.

I need to try CBO with single ad set and many ads. CBO with several ad sets and three to five ads per ad set. CBO crazy method and we are having also the ABO but this time ABO I will do it with either many ads inside which I never do.

I will do it with um because it doesn't let me to pick it I will do two ad sets. One of them is going to have one dollar budget and the other one is going to have my main budget and all my ads inside. Why?

Someone might say why do you want to do that because you have the CBO just do a single ad set. The previous year in the spring while I was testing this I have seen that when I was doing CBO with single ad set it was performing worse comparing to ABO single ad set for some reason. This doesn't mean that it's going to be the same thing but I have learned to work like this with Meta and test everything.

Everything that I can think of I'm going to test it. How am I testing it? I'm testing it first in the ad accounts which are better.

Okay so in my best ad accounts I go and I check things then I go in another ad account based on what I see that is working and I see if it's working there then a medium account then a problematic account. If I see along the way and as they roll out the changes that something is working consistently across accounts then I'm going to Swift and test it more and more in ad accounts and stuff and this is how I'm understanding what is working and what doesn't work. Of course you don't have the luxury of doing that but this is why you follow people on social media that they have many accounts and you trust their opinion if they have other accounts and they are testing things.

The things that I have tried until now is a crazy method CBO is one ad set ABO it's two ad set ABO one of them one dollar one of them with the main budget and now I'm testing CBO one ad set. I can tell you from now that what is working best right now for me in the good ad account is the single ad set CBO and the ABO with two adsets one one dollar and the other one with the main budget. Again the reason that I'm doing it is because I want to work with one ad set and with many ads inside in the way that we were working with the traditional ASC campaigns and I want to see if it's better on a CBO level if the budget is on CBO level if or if it's on ABO level.

Some meta reps when I told them they were looking to me like if I'm like if I'm crazy but again I'm superstitious with meta and I don't believe whatever they say necessarily I just test them and this is how I form my opinion. So we discussed about the budget let's go a little bit on the asset level where everything else is. We're not going to discuss about the ad level because the principles are the same.

If we're going to have CBO budget set on the campaign level we're going to have many adsets three to five ads per asset. If we have CBO single adset or ABO two adsets one dollar and main budget one we're going to have five to ten creatives or even more if you have bigger budgets. And again we're going to work with the same principles.

CBO we optimize on the asset level and the ABO or the CBO single ad set we optimize on the ad level since we have many ads we see if we have dominant ads we have to rethink everything again and see if it's working based on the things that we know. Because when ASC campaign came at this point I was never optimizing on the ad level rarely I was optimizing on the ad level and I was working with CBOs and optimizing only on asset level. Then I started working with ASC single ad set because you couldn't do more than one ad set basically the campaign and the ad set were one thing and then I started seeing the dominant ads on the ad level and then I fixed the whole way that we are optimizing an ASC.

So the principles are going to stay the same for now and this is how I'm going to work. Again as of now if you want to test something and you don't have the budgets and stuff for me what is working best right now is to work with single CBO ad set or with an ABO one ad set with one dollar that you don't care about and one that is having your budget and the ads. Have I seen differences between CBO single ad set and the other ABO two ad set structure?

The truth is not. So we're going to see. But still this is a good ad account.

The one that I'm testing right now it's a good ad account and I don't have the luxury of testing it across many ad accounts because I cannot still see it across several ad accounts. Let's go on the ad set level and discuss a little bit about the audience. Why is this important?

So we have seen that we were having all of this discussion about doing ASC immediately even with a new pixel and stuff and through my experience to other accounts I have seen that you cannot just go in some other accounts and do ASC broad immediately. It's not going to work. You're having higher CPMs and maybe your pixel is not trained for that.

So maybe even now with new ad accounts we will have to go into using interest, lookalikes and all of that. But how are we going to do it? We have over here the audience as you can see here in the print screen and it says below further limit the reach of your ads.

This is what we used to have as original audience in our campaigns so far and this is what most of you see until you see the changes happening into your ad account. If you switch it you are going to see that you are now having another one which is still having advantage plus on. By the way in our original audience we also have advantage plus on because this used to be back in the day a check box that became mandatory after some point for meta to expand but it's it's working in a different way.

In the one in the one that we have the recommended setup by them as they call it we are having just the controls which is the location and some minimum age and the language and in the other one we have suggested audience, custom audience inclusions, age, gender, detailed targeting. What I need you to understand over here is this. On the advantage plus audience what meta is going to respect is only the area of the control which is the location so it's going to respect completely even if you put just a state of the United States or even if you put just one country it's going to respect that and not expand to other countries or if you go from the Nevada state and expand it to the whole United States it's not going to do that and the minimum age which goes up to 25.

So even if you like it or not when you use that if you want to target people from 18 to 65 to 40 years old it's going to expand also to 65. The only thing that you can control in this setup is the control that you're having to up to the age of 25 and they do it for gambling and all of these other special categories. And the language of course you can control the language if you want it to be in a specific language it's not going to expand to people that they don't speak another language.

And then you have the suggestions below which means that it can start from those but it's going to expand to the full potential. What is the full potential? The country and the minimum age that you set.

So basically all the demographics are open. Also here you cannot do if you want to target only women you cannot do it like this because it's going to expand also to men. On the other option which is not a bad thing by the way if your pixel is trained okay.

But if you have an untrained pixel as we have seen maybe we have to limit the targeting that we do in order to help the pixel to get a little bit more data understand more be more efficient with our targeting without increasing our CPM. The CPM can increase because of two reasons. Either because let's say that it's trying to find Konstantinos.

Konstantinos is not converting so let's try to find someone who is who is a little bit it's having a little bit more different data points okay. So then the next person is more difficult to find the next person more difficult and the more it's trying to find more people even if a very big broad audience if it doesn't have data either because your product is not selling or because your pixel is not good enough then the CPM is rising over there because it's more and more and more difficult to find people and these people are not even converting so it's even more difficult to find people that they are different from the others and so on. A lot of times in trained pixels the CPM can also increase because you're going to a hot pocket which is a good quality and all of that.

I have made an extensive video in the new course about the CPM and the different things that are happening there. Believe me it's a total mess so many different categories and stuff. But over here in new ad accounts maybe we need sometimes to work with them further limit the reach of your ads as it's called here which is doing this.

We can see here that we are having the location, the age, the gender. We can use custom audiences which is going to be either custom audiences or like retargeting website visitors or a list for example. We can use also here look-alike audiences then it has detailed targeting and languages.

What is it going to respect though here? Here we can see that when we click those in the switch to recommended setup we are having options. So for example if we go into the location we put Nevada as you can see in the print screen we have reach more people likely to respond to your ad we will also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries.

Okay so it it says that you can check it or uncheck it if you want it to expand or not. This is the only control that we're going to have from now on. The age it says use it as a suggestion.

So you can put an age but if you click this button it's going to expand more. What else do we have here? The gender.

It says use as a suggestion. If we use only men maybe it's going to use it as a suggestion and it's going to expand also to women if you check the box. The place that you cannot have the box over here it's the look-alikes which means that it's going to start with a look-alike but it's going to expand to the full broad audience.

And the other thing is that we are having only the custom audiences use as a suggestion because somehow we have to do also the targeting. Okay so this is the way that you're doing the targeting you're putting your custom audiences here and you are removing the checkbox so that it can only retarget if you want to do the targeting. Then we have the detailed targeting that you can put your different interests like cat for example in my example over here but it has also relevance over here which I can tell you from the other accounts that I have seen that the audiences that it's proposing here they are very close and they are audiences that audiences that I would interest that I would also use.

So it's doing a very good job in the relevance over here. Of course over here we don't have a checkbox which means that it will start from so for the look-alikes the detailed targeting if you pick an interest or the relevance ones that if we pick them then it's going to expand to the full potential reach. What is the full potential reach?

The reach that we have defined on the men women which is the gender with expansion or not. So if we don't if we check the expansion over here that means that it's going to be the full. If we have on the states over here on the location without the checked box it's going to expand only to this location.

If the checkbox is open it's going to expand to the full country and so on. So it's going to respect the demographics basically country, gender and age. Of course if you have custom audiences it's the same but this is something that we will use for retargeting and as you can understand these are the ones that it's going or not going to expand based on the things that we said there.

So I think that this is a setup that we're going to use mostly if we want to run stack lookalikes for example which is not going to be the same from now on because it's going to expand it to the full potential reach which is maybe good or it's or we're going to use it in new ad accounts in our effort to actually be able to find a more cost efficient way to train our pixel. So we do have still some control but not a lot not like before so we have less and less control. Meta wants to transform the whole platform in a platform that you're going to focus more on your creatives instead of focusing more to the settings and the things that you're going to actually target.

The language is something that it's going to expand anyway and yeah that's it with the new settings. As I said I have tried crazy method I haven't tried stacked lookalikes but it's something which is new we're going to see how it's going to work we're going to see how it expands because maybe if you uncheck the box for example you think that's not going to expand but maybe it expands we have to break down results and spend on ad accounts in order to see what it's doing and what it's not doing. For sure it's a new change.

I don't know if it's going to be rolled across all ad accounts eventually but this is what Meta says that it's going to be rolled across ad accounts. So for now in my opinion if you have it just focus on single ad sets okay. Either with a CBO single ad set or do an ABO with the way that I told you and focus on the optimization on the ad level as we have discussed on how to be done as the ASE traditional campaigns.

That's it with the changes for the new thing. Of course we have also the placements. On the placements you can go and you can put your different placements that you actually want.

There are some rumors that the thread placements are also coming but I haven't seen it in any ad account. I think that I have seen a video from Ben Heath but I didn't click it. I don't know if the thumbnail was a clickbait or not but maybe he has info.

You can go and watch it. But I haven't seen it in any of my ad accounts. Now I received an email from Meta which was saying that now they're having two different categories of meta reps that you're going to talk to.

It's the Meta Technical Pro. Help with a specific installation or want to review your account for technical optimizations. Technical Pros are here to help install, troubleshoot, and optimize complex solutions like Conversion API, MetaPixel and stuff which is good.

Maybe they're going to help you with setup of API and everything. And then we have the Meta Measurement Pro. Ready to take your ad strategy to the next level.

Measurement Pros can help you set up, run, and analyze performance tests to understand the true value of your ads and make informed decisions to help lower costs and maximize ROI. So we're going to see now the new Meta Reps coming in our life and let's see if they're going to train them better because as of now, to be honest with you, this service is not good and they are coming with full of bad suggestions which it's not blaming them but on the other hand, what can they do? They're not running many ad accounts in order to see.

Just by watching, it doesn't mean that you understand what is working in that account. You know what is working in that account if people are firing you if you make mistakes. If you make mistakes and nobody fires you then there's an issue to that.

And the other thing is that these people are here to make you spend more. So suggesting your engagement campaigns and stuff, these are part of their strategy because they want you to spend more money with Meta and this is their job. They're actually salespeople.

Okay, that's all for today. Topics. I will keep you posted as I see more changes to this new model.

And as I said, for now, focus on the things that we said. Let's go to your questions. We have the first one here.

I gathered also from the previous week. So we have several. Hello, Konstantinos.

Thanks for the great info. I have a question. I'm selling one product.

Do I need to make multiple Advanced Plus shopping campaigns for it? And if you have one that working well, do you put extra ads or just leave it? I would just leave it.

I wouldn't put extra budgets because I believe that the ads, maybe they're not going to take any budget, but at the end of the day, they can take their own budget and maybe have good results on their own respective campaigns. On the other hand, if you scale it, you might be risking of losing it. I do believe a lot in working with multiple campaigns and different creatives that they sell the item from different aspects so that you don't fall under the daily loop theory.

You can watch the videos about that in the channel, the series of the daily loop theory. Next one, in the affiliate business, where you set up newer accounts once in two, three weeks, complicated with gray niches, smiley face. Would you start with a clean pixel with CBO or ABO?

I see sometimes both bringing the same results, though I do see now that ABO with broad audiences work better. If I had another account that I would have it for two, three weeks only, I would also try to push my way through to broad targeting and I wouldn't try to do the process of training my pixel, you know, because this is a long-term process. So I would go immediately and aggressively with broad trying to push my way through and make it work for as long as I can and as fast as I can because you don't have time.

Next one, January, February both were not so great. I agree with you. As per my results are concerned, the CPMs are significantly higher than last year Q1.

What do you think must be done in order to get lower CPC? It's not like you can do a lot of things if you're just having more people advertising, okay? Maybe I can tell you in theory that you can have a better offer, better creatives and stuff and try to be better than them, okay?

But on the other hand, you have to do management, lower your budgets if it's need to in order for you to survive the period and try to do the best that you can in order to not lose a lot of your market share in this period because a good period is going to come eventually. Next one says Kalimera, which means good morning in Greece. As always, you're killing it.

Thanks. When the course is coming up? I had discussion with my team.

They told me that the course should be ready, all the editing should be ready at the end of April, start of May. So this is when we will know. I hope that I will not have two videos shoot, new videos immediately and I will be able to launch it and then I can always update it.

But yeah, but thank you all for asking. Another one here says, hey, I'm thinking about buying your new course, but what modules and what details will that uncover and when do you think about releasing it? Now, about the modules of the course, when the course is going to be out, I'm going to make a full podcast and the full video explaining each one of the different videos, what it's covering and all of that.

So you're going to have a very detailed answer on what it's including and everything. To me, and this is how I'm going to name it, by the way, the best Facebook catch course in the world. I have never seen a course with live ad accounts, ad accounts that they spend 1 million per month, 2 million per month, results explaining things right in ad accounts, not only theory, including inside bonus videos from chosen five sessions with people, along with me, optimizing accounts live for ASC CBO.

So cost caps, bit caps, which is difficult to also explain in theory. So it's going to be really big and I'm going to make a detailed video about all the different videos that it's going to include inside. So next one, yeah man, this is exactly what I'm experiencing.

So he's talking about a video that I have created about the decline payments. That they can shadow ban your ad account because you are a bad advertiser and have bad results. So everything is going really well.

You have a declined payment and eventually you're seeing your results are dropping. He's experiencing that also. I was getting, by the way, two years ago when I created the video, this is a conspiracy theory, but I was seeing it in other accounts.

Then I have found also info and print screens of shadow banned ad accounts and stuff. So this is completely real. I was getting 0.13 CPC every day for three weeks.

Then boom, declined from my card and account disabled. So I had a new one just an hour later, but the damage was done. I've been getting 0.3 now for over a month since it happened.

It seriously made me think of starting a whole new ad account profile. But from what you are saying, you believe it's best to continue until this one is deemed good again with enough good behavior. Right?

Yes, this is what's happening. These shadow bans, they have internal clocks and eventually they're being removed from your ad account. To me, in some cases it took 15 days, 30 days, in some other cases, in some cases 60 days.

I just don't know if I'm going to be considered bad forever and should start over or if I'm close to being a good one again and just write it out. I will try to write it out because changing also your ad account is going to hurt you. Next one.

In a CBO campaign with two ad sets where one ad set is receiving the majority of the spend while the other one barely spends, what factors influence this distribution? That the one is actually found a hot pocket. Is it primarily due to creative strength, audience targeting or the overall campaign structure?

Additionally, since only one ad is receiving significant spend, should optimization be approached as if it's a CBO or an ABO campaign? It depends. It depends.

Is it profitable? Is it not profitable? How many ads do you have inside the ad set?

So it depends on many factors. But yeah, if you have a CBO with one ad set, you can approach it as an ABO and optimize on the ad level. But if it's working better, it's because Meta is pending to it and because it believes that it will have better results and because it formed a hot pocket and all of that.

With setting minimum spending limits or adjusting other factors, help balance the distribution. You are running CBO campaigns, my friend, because you want the ad sets to compete with each other so that you can find an ad set which is better than the other. So I have an expression, but I'm not going to say it.

I'm not going to use my expression because all of my videos are getting demonetized because of the things that I'm saying. So I'm tired of that. But yeah, don't do it because this is not the point of CBO.

If you want to have even distribution, run ABOs. There's no point for you to put limits. I will go now to play with my daughter which is really energetic and you can hear it during the whole podcast and I will see you guys on the next one.

This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

Like it or not, it is what it is! I'll see you dalam Be� Theme