Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast. So today we're going to discuss a little bit about the Christmas Ads and then I want to discuss something serious with you and something that happened on Friday and then your questions.

So let's start. First of all, about Christmas Ads, I do see some fatigue or bad results, let's call them bad results on the ads right now after Black Friday. Some of the accounts they show really good signs because they maintain a very high spend after Black Friday.

Some are struggling. I'm starting my Christmas campaigns this week. Thursday, Friday, I will start in most or in the brands that they're going to do because some are not.

It's not anything super big but it's going to help me overcome this period until we go to January that we're going back to our normal month and the spends and everything. So that being said, what you're doing right now it's a promotion that is going to be mostly based on Christmas and of course you need to send the products and reach to the people before the 25th. That being said, you must stop the ads depending on your shipping time a little bit earlier.

In most cases, brands they do stop on 20-21. If you have bigger shipping times, I think you should go for more, for less days of promotion and stop it earlier. Now, because we have done the best promotions of the year so far on Black Friday, a lot of times what the brands are doing during the Christmas period is that they have a lot of different promotions.

For example, let's say that you're selling pens, books and radios, okay, just for the sake and you have nine days of promotion. You can do 10% for three days, 20% because you have better profit margins for this one and you can do for the radio 5% because you have... So you do three days that, three days that, three days.

Most of the companies are doing these small promotions. Some companies that they have a lot of products, they do 12-15 days of promos, you know. It's like all the Christmas spirit advertisement that says 15 days before Christmas, 10 days before Christmas, all of that.

So in that concept, because we had all of this side-wide promotion during Black Friday, which was your best deal and stuff, we don't have the same volume so we try to lure them from different perspectives. So we cannot do side-wide again because what's the point of doing Black Friday and then doing exactly the same for Christmas, doesn't make any sense. But we can say, okay, this promotion, so the people that they want to have a pen, they will convert.

Then a book, then something else, then this, then that. Or if you sell the same item, try to sell it with different ways which might resonate with more people to the offer or the sub-niss and all of that. Try to penetrate the market with different offers and with different products for a little bit of time in order for you to create this urgency and make them convert because a lot of people have converted already.

Also, it's a very good period for people to come as repeated customers if they have been introduced to your brand during the Black Friday. So Black Friday is a very good period for people. I like to use the underwear example.

For example, in the underwear example, we say that, okay, if you wear a specific type of underwear, you normally don't change the brand, at least for men. It's like this. You order every year, 20, 30, and then you order again the next year, a big order.

This is what I do at least. And I have found something that... Sorry for the women out there, but it keeps my balls tight and warm and stuff and I like it, for example, okay.

Underwear, it's a personal thing. So then on Black Friday, you see something which is similar, but you have a good offer and you say, okay, I have my underwear already. It's not like I'm not going to have another underwear to wear that I like.

Let me take also this, which is in good price, and let me actually test if I like it or not. And if you like it, you get hooked with the brand and you order again. So if you order something small during Black Friday to test it, which is the case with a lot of brands because they have a good offer and stuff, you just take something just to see.

Maybe now the Christmas is the period that you will do your big order, you know, after you have seen the product and everything. And of course, the biggest trick, as we said here, is that everybody expects to get the products until the 25th. If it goes later, they get angry and stuff.

This is a normal behavior. Normal. I'm not going to criticize if it's normal or not, but I'm going to say that this is for sure an established behavior.

Now, that's with the Christmas ads. I don't have many other things to say. I just know that for a lot of brands that they are struggling, this can be the solution for you to start giving some extra data within your ads manager in order to overcome this period.

And then all the campaigns that you have, they are going to be able to overcome also the period from the 25th to 31st until the 1st, 2nd, 3rd of January, we start going back to normal sales and everything. And of course, as we said, we had our Black Friday sales and we scaled. Now it's the time that we go basically to the period that we will try to go back to the spend of Black Friday in 2, 3, 4 months after the scaling that we had, which we consider an attack period that had better chances for us to spend more.

So now we just want to declare to Facebook that we are a bigger player. We want to establish a bigger footprint into the market and everything. So then for 2, 3 months from now, we will try to go back to the spends of Black Friday in order for us to start spending all of that and then start preparing 2, 3, 4 months before Black Friday for scaling more so that we can scale more during Black Friday.

And then again, the loop continues every year. Now, before we go to the other topic that I want to discuss, for some reason something is eaten here. Anyway, the thing that I have to say is for Friday, this Friday we had a very strange situation.

I woke up and when I wake up it's around 6-7am in the morning in the United States. I have made my schedule like this because I work with these people when they wake up. I'm available for them.

So I have seen the other accounts and the other accounts that they spend 15k, 20k, they have spent 1k only, which is not normal. I did put a comment into my group. I say, are your other accounts in USA spend normal guys?

They say to me, no, Meta is having a massive outage, even throw it says resolved on their status page. I have seen also the Meta status. It wasn't an issue.

It was actually solved as the person here says. And the customer support that I contacted, they were saying also that there's zero issues. So basically they were telling us that we are blind.

Another person was saying, I had a break of about an hour in Germany. So it was also in Europe. Then we have a message from MetaREP saying, thanks for flagging from what I've gathered across my team and book of business.

This is an issue that is impacting multiple accounts. I'll work to submit a bug and hopefully get this resolved soon. Another message from MetaREP, there was a save bug causing spend to stop working on getting resolved.

We'll let you know once I get more details on the steps being taken. So sorry about this. I didn't know what is save.

So apparently save is blameless save review at Facebook. Whenever we run into a production issue, we create a save. When a save is in progress, team look to immediately mitigate the issue and then follow up with a fix.

Once fixed, we conduct a save review where the team figures out follow-ups to prevent the issue from reoccurring. Now, that being said, we had this problem. Then I have seen that the ad accounts, they did spend the amount that it was about to spend.

But just so you know, if you want to analyze it for your own reason, you haven't seen it, that on Friday, these ad accounts were not spending until the 6, 7, 8, 11 a.m. in the morning, normally, or spending something very small. And then they spend super fast during the rest of the day, in case you have any abnormal results like that.

And by the way, it wasn't all ad accounts. For example, some of my ad accounts in the United States were spending normally. So I had to say this.

Now, after Black Friday, I decided to relax a little bit and make another gift to myself. If you don't know, I'm a collector of several things. I like my Karakuri Japanese puzzles.

I like these books and stuff. But one of the latest things that I like to collect is Montblanc pens. And this is coming from Muhammad Ali.

And along with this, it comes a small book that has some things inside, telling his story and stuff. And I came across to something, which is the first in the book. It has some quotes from him.

The quote that I read here is, Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on Earth. And that's the reason that I want to discuss about something today. So I'm not going to say the name.

I know that most of you, you're going to understand the name. I don't care about the things that this is going to create. But I do want to address something because, guys, it really bothers me a lot.

And all of my friends told me not to do it, but I cannot help of not doing it. So one of the most famous people in our industry, with one of the biggest channels and groups. After the Black Friday, I have seen one of his stories and he was saying, how do you like these results?

And it was having an ad account spending 60k with 30 ROAS. I'm not saying that he's lying. I'm saying that, you know, it's totally, not totally normal.

It's one very good account with very good results. And well done to him and to his team for succeeding that. Zero issues with that and zero issues with the flexing because this is the reality.

Okay. So if I think here there's another thing that Muhammad Ali says, let me find it and says, uh, no, no. Oh, what the was it?

I think it was here. I will find it guys. Just bear with me.

Oh, so it says bragging is when a person says something and can't do it. I do what I say. So basically, but I didn't want that exactly.

Uh, let me find, I want to find the one here. Just, I came unprepared for that, but I just, ah, yeah, there it is. So it's not bragging if you can back it up.

And of course with this story, I didn't think that it was a bragging. It's just him saying, hey, look what kind of results I got in one account. What are your results and stuff.

I did also the same on my group and I posted some of my results and I will do also the same with case studies. It's not bragging when you can back it up with everything. I have a very big issue though with the second story that was after this one.

The second story was saying, if you want to have same results as this, the wording was like this, um, join my masterclass or whatever that may be his offer. So my problem is this. And I was wondering the other day and I was thinking how much money should a person make because I do believe that this person is making a lot of money.

How much money, much more than me. Okay. And good for him.

And I'm rooting for him for that. But how much money should you make in order for you to be able to say the truth. So what is the point that you reach and you say, it, I don't care.

I'm going to just say the truth. Because if you're saying that whoever is going to join is going to have 30 ROAS, it's the biggest lie ever. You know it because you know how it works.

And we have also to think here that we're not talking just to people that they have the money. We talk to people that they just have 4, 3, 5k and this is their last hope for them to have good results or whatever. So if you're showing another count of 30, which you do well and well done.

And I know that it's true. I have seen also accounts like this. I had accounts like this.

Well done. I'm just saying, and I'm not even going to the toxic side that someone would say, okay, if it was 30 ROAS with 60k spent, that means that they didn't scale a lot. No, because maybe the client didn't want, maybe they need higher average sort of value, higher ROAS in order to operate as a business.

It's not the same to sell paper and the same thing to sell expensive cars, for example. Okay. So we're not going to even criticize that.

We're going to criticize that the results were amazing and I cannot think of any company that wasn't profitable with 30 ROAS. So we're going to not criticizing the scale side because it doesn't matter. You know, sometimes people don't have stock and all of that.

So it doesn't matter. Well done to you. Why are you doing another story after that, trying to lure people with this exceptionally good result account, which is one in the 1000.

Okay. It's not like you have to show accounts like 50 accounts like this. No, these accounts are rare and there are not a lot of businesses.

We know all of us that we do Facebook ads, not like the other video. There's another video Greek guy that told me that every account that he gets, it has four ROAS. I immediately realized that this person doesn't know what the he's talking about and that he's not even doing ads.

Okay. George. Okay.

So the issue here is this. You're having people in our industry that they are lying in order to just take people inside their courses and all of that. And I have realized that why don't I do it, for example, because I made enough money and I don't care about that.

I'm not at the... I'm not saying that I have never lied in my life. For example, in my early stages, I might have told to a client that instead of 10 other accounts, I'm managing 30.

Okay. But this is not influencing it's not a lie that... It's a sales lie.

Okay. The other one, it might influence the life of someone. Because if you tell to people that let me teach you how to get 30 ROAS in ad accounts and you don't say, guys, these are some results that I got in one of my ad accounts.

Okay. Do you want me to teach you Facebook ads? Okay.

And maybe you will be one of them because you know that if you get 1000 people, only one maybe it's going to get 30 ROAS in their ad account based on the product that they have and everything. You cannot just come and say, if you want these results, come to me to show you how to get them because you know that you're not going to give them these results. Okay.

It's not in your hands. The ad account, the product and everything also has to work. It's not about what we teach in Facebook to give 30 ROAS.

It's also about the numbers of the business. So I'm thinking here and then I was watching the Elon Musk in an interview. He said, I'm the richest guy in the world and there are people that they come to Twitter and they advertise and they threaten me that they're not going to give me money for advertisement.

it. Don't come. So I was thinking at that point, yeah, he's the richest man in the earth and someone is coming to threaten him with money.

It doesn't go like this. So I'm thinking in our industry that everybody lies and I go and I talk with people and I realize that by just doing one simple thing, being honest with them, it's something that nobody else has done or they haven't been fortunate to meet people that they are honest because most of the people that they do Facebook ads are dishonest and they just promise things here and there and stuff. So, or there are agencies that they are running ads with just three campaigns because they have just seen a blueprint without thinking, without having a philosophy.

And I'm saying how much money should someone make in order because I'm pretty sure that he's making a lot of money. What's the point of you making more money and not telling the truth to people that they're not going to get 30 ROAS? They're not.

They're not. And are we considering here, okay, I just have 12K subscribers. If you have 200, 300, 400K subscribers, don't you understand that what you're saying it might influence the life of someone else?

If someone has only 4K, 5K on the bank and you're just giving them a hope, I have been to that side, I had 3K to my bank and I was thinking that I need to find a mentor in order to take me out of this. Okay. What are you saying?

That if they don't understand that this 3K should not be spent, they're stupid. So, what? What is your print to all of that?

What is your ethics? You know, because if you're saying, okay, I'm just going to show these good results, whoever comes, it's their decision, then you're just blind. You don't understand.

What if one person, for example, wants 30 ROAS because you showed 30 ROAS and then they come, they take the course, they have mental issues, okay, and then they suicide. Are you okay with that? Can you leave with that?

Can you say, okay, he had mental issues, it's not my problem? Well, I'm not thinking like this. I'm thinking that at the end of the day, the things that I'm saying in my channel, the things that I do, I always try to think them under a prism that it's all about what is my print to that, okay?

And I never told you to buy my course. I told you that I'm going to give off the information like 90% to it and if you want to go deeper, go buy the course, okay? But I'm not going to tell you that, hey, look at the case study that I have for one year and now I did spend 550K on Black Friday with 6 ROAS.

If you want to have this kind of results, buy my course. Do you know how many people would buy the course? A lot.

I'm not going to do it. Why? Because it's a lie.

And again, how much money you should make in order for you not to lie, in order for you not to care, not to care if someone is going to buy your master class or your course or whatever that may be. How much money you should make in order for you to be honest and in order for you to be able to say, I don't care of what you're going to say, I'm just going to say what I feel about it. And this is what I do.

I don't care how much is going to my channel going to grow. I'm going to keep saying the things that I say. I don't care if I have any fights with his fanboys or whatever.

I don't care if some people don't like what I say. Do you know why? Because I'm not dependent on you.

I'm not making money directly from you, even if you cancel me now. I don't care. I'm going to continue doing what I believe that I do correctly.

So I think that we all need to think over here. And I don't think that he will, maybe some people are going to send you messages and stuff about my things that I'm saying here. But if you're watching this, think of it, you know, you're making so much money.

You don't have to lie about things and about results. And I have spoken to you. You are not driving lambos.

You're not doing these stupid hassle things. We're on the same age. We grew up in a different period.

We didn't grow up with bitcoins and all of that in order for us to be hassles. I think that you're better than that, man. And I don't think that you should, maybe it was done by your personnel, okay?

But I think that this is not okay, saying things like that. And I think that I haven't seen you doing this kind of things in your videos. I haven't seen you.

I have seen that you advertise your agency and everything is okay. And you say if you want better results and stuff, you don't just do this flashy thing. So when I saw it, I was actually amazed.

And if you have next to you people that they just say good things to you, if you ever hear this message, let me tell you that what you did was wrong. And I think that you had better ethics from that based on our conversation for one hour that I had with you and based on your videos and based on the life that I have seen that you have without flushing and without you doing crazy things. So if you need a wake-up call from that and if my opinion really matters, I think that this is something that you need to look because I do believe truly that you're better than that.

And I have nothing else against you. I have never seen anything else which was bad on your side. Anyway, maybe you are never going to see this message, but I'm not saying your name of course, but most people understand for whom I'm talking to.

Again, no hate, but I do believe that the greediness is not a good thing. Okay. And you're making a lot of money.

I don't believe that you need that. Okay. Especially for a person that you are the pioneer of this field in the YouTube and in the Facebook groups and having the biggest communities over there.

You don't need it. I just, I just don't understand. It was unnecessary.

Maybe it was the greediness of one of your managers. Okay. But I think that you should make clear to your team that you don't need that.

And you're better than every single other hustler over there that they're lying or they're saying that we can do this and that and that. You know, I don't know. Anyway, let's go to your question guys.

Questions. It says, Hello, Constantinos. I'm currently using your crazy method and had three ROAs yesterday, but 0.62 ROAs today.

You should not criticize your RAS based on one day. Okay. I did some optimizations today and killed six assets.

Ooh, that had no change. I think it's a big change to kill six assets in one day. It looks a little bit excessive.

No auto cards or too much pens with no results. I can only have 14 assets active. Okay.

So you put many. I think you should, you should not run more than 10, 12 assets at the time. A very good way to segment this is if you're spending, for example, if your average cost per pay for example is 20, 30 and you want to spend 500, then calculate more sales per asset.

For example, when you spend 100, you calculate three and you're going to spend 100, you're going to spend 100, you're going to spend 100, you're going to spend 100. If you put four assets with 500, that means that you're expecting five sales per day from each asset. So you can do this kind of numbers like this.

Instead of putting 20 or 25 assets, just go to numbers which are closer to 10 or 12 or 15 for bigger budgets. I'm going into day four with a crazy method and was wondering, would you recommend me to do anything to improve my ROAS or just let Facebook spend it optimized for another 100 days at a loss? Thank you.

First of all, the thing that we do with CBO optimization is we see if one campaign is actually optimizable. Okay. Is your leading ad having good ROAS?

Do you have enough sales to the other ads also or is it just one? At some point, you can see and you can understand if a campaign is optimizable. By you, first of all, I see that you're not experienced with the crazy method, so it needs some time.

Of course, the first days are going to be much better than you're going to have some bad days. It happens all the time with Facebook ads. The first days are always better.

We have analyzed this a lot of times. Facebook is giving you more sales because it wants you to optimize for the purchase event and continue having sales. Then closing six assets in one day, I think it's too much.

I would prefer if you close six assets in the course of three days, not in just one day. I think, you know, it's like you're in a calm lake. It's completely different from throwing one ROAS and completely different from throwing six ROAS.

It's going to make things more... I don't know how to explain this. It's not going to be a tranquility lake after all, okay?

It's going to be... it's going to have much more waves. So, that's it about it and I think that if you keep playing with the crazy method and the CP optimization, you are going to be fine.

Let's go to the next one. We have Laura. Laura.

I thoroughly enjoyed your video and I must say I respect and completely relate to the points you made. However, I'm still a bit unclear about the specific formula you used to calculate profit margin and goal for ROAS. Could you provide some guidance on how to perform these calculations accurately?

This is what I have so far. And then she analyzes some numbers about break... they're wrong, so I'm not going to discuss them.

So, they're not wrong basically. I get the same numbers. I just calculated with another way which I'm going to explain here.

In order for you to calculate... so, this is also a discussion that I make with several clients. There are a lot of people that they don't even know their numbers.

They have e-commerce stores. They have been fortunate enough to have sales and they have never calculated their numbers. I find this a little bit bizarre, to be honest with you, because numbers is the first thing that you need to do, especially if you want to advertise with Facebook, because maybe the problem is going to be within the numbers of your business instead of the numbers of your Facebook ads.

So, that being said, in order for you to calculate your profit margin, you need to take... let's say that you have a product which is on... let's say that...

I'm going to make a simple example just so that it would be easy. So, let's say that you have a product which is selling for 50 USD and the cost with shipping and everything, it's on 25. So, the formula goes like this.

50, which is the selling price of the product, minus 25, which is the cost, we get 25 and then we divide 25 with the selling price of the product again, which is 50. That gives us 0.5, which is 50% profit margin. And then, in order for you to calculate your break-even rows, you do 1, divide it with 50% or with 0.5, in that case, and it's going to be 2.

That being said, you have to... of course, these numbers are easy numbers for me to... just not using calculator to calculate it.

But here in her case, for example, I did explain here how she's going to do it. So, in her case, it's 40, minus 25, which is the cost of the product, then divide it with 40 again. It's 0.375.

That means that the profit margin is 37.5 and then you do 1, divide it with 37.5 and the break-even rows is 2.66. Most of the times, companies that they have less than 30% profit margin, they're problematic within Facebook, with some exceptions in specific niches, of course. And then the average order value is also important for the break-even rows.

By the way, when you calculate that, you don't just put... a lot of times, for example, you have a product selling for 50, but the average order value is 80. So, you're going to calculate with 80 instead of 50, for example.

Because you need to calculate if you have upsells, cross-sells and all of that, you need to calculate also with your average order value your profit margin in order for you to be okay. Because if you don't do it in that way, you're going to be wrong. Okay, so that's how you calculate it.

And one more thing is that, there are people that are coming and they say, I want three, four, five rows. Then you make the discussion, if you're a freelancer and you're watching this, you're making a discussion with them and you're asking, why do you want three, four? Let's calculate your break-even rows.

Let's calculate your profit margins. What are your profit margins? What are your break-even rows?

Involve them into the discussion. Explain to them how you're going to calculate it and just start discussing. If you're a business owner, do the calculation.

If you're asking for five rows and you're getting three, then see your break-even rows. Don't just say, I want five because once I had five in my ad account and I was having good profits to my bank. No, you need to calculate your break-even rows because this is also what is going to show you how much you're going to scale or not.

Okay. So, that being said, doing this discussion with yourself or with one of your clients with the numbers and just seeing what kind of numbers they are getting, what kind of numbers they have. For example, I had a brand lately which had 30 euros cost per purchase, which is totally normal.

They were having with this 1.6 ROAS, their break-even ROAS after calculating was two. And then I'm seeing the CPMs. It was on $4, which is very good.

The ratio between checkout and purchase is every two checkouts they have on purchase, so the funnel is working very well. The click-through rate and the cost per click was below $1 and the click-through rate was 2.5%, so it's also good creatives. And whenever I do ads, even with broad targeting, I'm getting sales consistently, so the pixel is trained.

So, I'm having a pixel which is trained, I'm having a funnel which is working with good conversion rates, I'm having good creatives with good click-through rates, and I'm having good CPM, which means that they have good click-through rates, and CPM means cheap traffic, but from conversion ads. And then I'm having a ROAS which is bad with a normal cost per purchase. So, what am I expecting over here?

To improve more on Facebook or it's a problem with the numbers of the company? Of course, it's a problem with the numbers of the company and they need to start making better average order value. They need to start contacting their shipping companies and try to see if they can make good, better deals.

They need to have better profit margins with their products because of the manufacturer. They need to start seeing things to fix these kinds of things in business because apparently there are other people that are advertising the same niche or similar products or whatever and they have better profit margins that they can keep advertising because these are the prices. They are not going to improve.

On the other hand, I had another brand which was having completely new pixel and over there I was having CPM of $40 with broad targeting at Valence Plus and CPM of $15 with interest targeting. Now, over there I was having bad cost per purchase of $150 and we want to drop a lot from that. So, is there room to improve there within Facebook?

100% because over there we don't have a pixel which is strong and trained and whatever. Secondly, the creative were not that good. We were having a cost per click above 1.5.

I think it was 1.6 so we can improve there. The click through rate was 1.2% so we can improve all the creatives. The checkout ratio was 1 to 3 which is good.

I don't consider it bad. So, every three checkouts one purchase that's fine. The cost per purchase was crazy 150-160.

The CPM on the interest was better than the CPM on the broad. That means that the pixel is not ready yet. We have to start with interests, then lookalikes and all of that and that means that over there we have room to improve within Facebook because we can improve in pixel which can improve cost per purchase.

We can improve in creatives which can improve the cost of traffic. We can improve also on CPMs because we have seen that we have very expensive traffic with broad and that means that if we keep improving with the pixel eventually we will do much better CPMs with broad targeting which is the goal over here in order for us to have better sales. So, that being said, you need to analyze the numbers, you need to do your numbers as a company but also understand if it's a problem that is solvable within Facebook or if it's a problem that is being solved as a business with looking the numbers over there.

That's it about this subject. Let's continue. Hey guys, I started testing different interest groups for the first time and it has been 48 hours time for optimization but I'm having some difficulty with attribution.

My Meta Metrics and Triple Whale attribution are telling me two different things and I'm not sure how I should go about optimizing my assets. For example, Meta shows that this specific asset has four sales but Triple Whale shows that this asset has one sale. Which one do I trust?

Sadly, after what happened with iOS, we have to go with Facebook because this is what Facebook sees in order to optimize. Most of the times Meta is actually showing four sales and Triple Whale is showing six sales. If now Triple Whale is showing just one sale, something is wrong over here.

Most of the times Triple Whale has to report more than what Meta reports. I don't know your settings also on Triple Whale. Now, we need to optimize with whatever we see.

These programs are not bad at all. If you're a business owner and you want to see your actual numbers for accounting and for all of that, that's fine. But if you want to optimize, you cannot do it based on these programs.

For example, if you see that Triple Whale has a sales of eight sales for one ad set and then you go to there and you see three, you cannot just scale this ad because it has eight on Triple Whale because Facebook doesn't see that. Facebook is going to continue giving results based on what it sees, not based on what Triple Whale is seeing. And don't get me started with these offline events that they upload.

These are being uploaded on the Pixel when they are being uploaded. The thing with the with the adsets and stuff is that they are not getting data immediately to optimize on the ad set level. How does Facebook work?

It finds me as a sale, then another person like me, another person like the other two, another person like the other three and so on. So if it doesn't have this data on the ad set level and just has it on the Pixel, it says nothing because the ad set level is optimizing on a hot pocket. It's getting sales there.

So if we don't have the sales there and Facebook doesn't see them, Meta doesn't see them, then I don't care if Triple Whale is going to see them. You can care as a business owner to know your numbers, but you should not care for optimization purposes because if you start optimizing with what you see on the Triple Whale, then there is a huge issue over here of gambling with your ads, which is not okay. A lot of times what we have is that we see 1.8 and in reality it's 2.2 and we have a number in our head that makes sense for Meta in order for us to get the result that we want in reality with Triple Whale.

This is how you should optimize, but for sure optimize only with what you're going to see within your Meta Ads Manager, Facebook Ads Manager. How many ads do you have in each ad set? There are two ways to go with that.

Either you can do dynamic creative ads where you can put up to 10 creatives over there, or you can do normal ads within an ad set. The magic number is between 3 and 5. I have done also with 6 and 7, but I don't do things like 10 or 15 per ad set, especially because we use crazy method and all of that and I don't like to do it like this.

If I want to use a lot of ads, I do Advantage Plus instead. The magic number if you want to use crazy method with normal ads and not dynamic creative ads is between 3 and 5. Next one.

Hey Kostantinos. Hey Kostantinos, if we are breaking our funnel by creating by creative format, it means we are creating separate campaigns with manually chosen placements, right? Yes.

Given your recent video recommending Advantage Plus placement, would you still suggest following this approach for separating different formats? Yes, 100%. If Advantage placements are the best option, would it be alright to include different formats of the same ad creative, either in the same ad set as a separate ad or within a dynamic ad?

What I do with Advanced Plus placements basically and the normal ads, you can go and you can change the creatives in each one of these. I'm trying to see if you have sent anything else on that because I think that I replied... You cannot do dynamic ads though inside the Advanced Plus.

You can do dynamic ads with normal CBO. Over there, if you do dynamic ads, you are going to just put 1x1. But if you do normal ads, you can have 1x1 and 9x16 creatives.

So that being said, yeah, with Advanced Plus placements, which is automatic placements basically, if you do dynamic, you use the 1x1 or 4x5. If you have normal ads, you just do 1x1 for Facebook feed and you do for stories and Reels 9x16. I don't know if I answered it.

Maybe I don't understand the question very well. I do remember that you answered and then you said something else and then we solved it, but I don't remember now. Hi Konstantinos, I have a quick question about the crazy method.

Let's say I have optimized the campaign and it's running well. I'm not adding it anymore and planning to scale it by duplicating the campaign. Let's say that that campaign initially had 8 ads and I have optimized it to 5 ads, turning off 3.

On the new duplicate campaign, you said to keep everything the same. So would you just run the 5 ads or you turn all the 8 ads again from the beginning? Guys, the point that we do the crazy method is all the things that we analyze, the randomness of the initial results that you get to one sale because Facebook is boosting your initial results, which can help you form a hot pocket.

The different hot pockets that they can be formed. I guess I cannot say all of these things. You have to watch my videos about all of this philosophy.

So the reason that we do the crazy method is because we want to limit the risk of not having something that's not working. So we do the crazy method with several adsets and we try to find different hot pockets that they're going to optimize based on the fact that we said earlier that I get one sale, then another sale, another sale. So between the first, second and third person, we create a pool of people that are similar to that and the first person that's going to start this pool is completely random.

So that's the way. So having 5 adsets working in one crazy method campaign already, it's just something that happened randomly and it's working perfectly. When you go to a new campaign, these 5 that you have, it doesn't mean that they're going to be the same hot pockets over there.

So you start all over again with 8 adsets trying to find new hot pockets. That's the whole purpose of the Advantage Plus. So what's the point of keeping instead of, unless if you didn't like the optimization process, for example, if you started the campaign with 8 and you have seen that it's taking you a lot of time, maybe you have to lower the adsets, the number of adsets, in order for you to go faster with optimization.

For example, it doesn't spend enough per adsets and stuff. If you see this kind of thing, yes. But if you have seen that the 8 is in your comfort zone, you optimized it well, you like the process and stuff, because optimizing a CBO campaign is also a personal thing.

I have seen people that they like to optimize more aggressively, like me. People that they like to optimize in a more slower pace, so they use more adsets in general. So it's about what what is your comfort zone also, okay, and your ad account and everything.

So if you have seen that 8 was working well and you optimized it well, and because we want to find new hot pockets, you just increase your chances of having more hot pockets like this. It doesn't mean that the hot pockets are going to be transferred because you duplicate it to the new campaign. The whole point that you duplicate also to scale is to find new hot pockets, okay, so you're already answering to yourself.

Next one. Hello, Costantinos. This is a weird issue with one of my clients.

He gets banned very often, even though he created a new business manager and a new ad account. Facebook banned it after a month. Facebook doesn't ban ad accounts.

Facebook bans people. If they flag you for a reason and you have done something, they flag your credit cards, they flag your business, your domains, everything can be flagged. They have seen ad accounts getting completely new ad accounts and everything getting banned in in a second like this just because the person was banned.

I think that it's not as strict as it used to be. But yeah, I get your point over here. I checked every possible scenario but couldn't find any.

Most of the times the good scenario, there are two scenarios over here. Working with an agency account, which I don't like it guys because I have seen a lot of businesses that they lose after some point these agencies accounts and they are left with nothing. No data, nothing.

Just maybe a pixel. And the second thing is to work with from your wives or stuff and operate just like another person. Sometimes we get notifications of suspicious activity and get banned.

Sometimes the moment we are invoiced our account limit decreases to 50. Most of the time they disable the payment method. What could be the reason from your experience or potential solutions?

Should we go for agency ad accounts like there are any one? Looking forward to seeing your thoughts. I already told you my thoughts.

It's not going to go away. Either go from his wife, sister, mother, father account and just pretend that you are this person because Facebook bans people. It doesn't ban accounts.

What's an Allman CTR? We discussed it already in this podcast. I would consider an Allman CTR 1.5 and above.

Let's... 1.5 is still slow. It's still small.

But the point is not the CTR. The point is also the ratio between... the correlation between CTR and unique click-through rate.

And we're talking about unique CTR and unique click-through rate. So if you have a unique CTR of 1.52, you're fine. If you're having a click-through rate of 1.52 and you're having a cost per unique click of $2, it's not fine.

It also depends on the product, okay? Maybe you're selling something... a SaaS product, for example, and it's more expensive.

It's not like you're selling a T-shirt. But in general, the normal numbers... there are no normal numbers.

I'm wrong here. The most used numbers that they apply in most cases, let's say, are the ones that I'm telling you cost per unique click below $1 and CTR of 1.5 and above. Ideally, 2% and above.

But there are cases that they are operating, for example, with $5 cost per click and CTR of 1.1. There are these cases. It depends also on the product.

We're talking about here, massive products and normal daily products. Clothing, for example. Hi, Kostantinos.

I watched the podcast and about the part where you explained that if the results are not good after two, three days, there's no need to rush and make changes. I wanted to ask how long should we wait before making any changes to the campaigns or how much budget is good to spend before making any changes? I know this answer depends on manufacturers, product market, Pixel, ROAS and others, but is there any good practice on when to make openings?

Thank you in advance. I have another question also here which is similar to that which I want to read it and then I will answer to both of those. Hello, Kostantinos.

I've been using your crazy method the last 10 days and had great results so far. A lot of love for crazy method lately. I started off with 20 adsets and now down to 8 adsets again I disagree with the number of adsets but fine.

With positive ROAS, two adsets are getting 80% of the sales, typical. Today my adsets and ads got a warning saying learning limited and creative limited and advice how to overcome this. You don't have to, just ignore it as long as the results are good.

I'm doing broad targeting to Australia only with no interest at all for the adsets and my creative is only 1 to 1.5 months old. Thank you. Just ignore it.

And then we go to his second question which is basically this and says, Kostantinos, thank you. If an ad set has a negative ROAS for the past 7 days, should I turn it off but lifetime ROAS is good? And if an ad set is getting 90% of the sales and 90% of the budget, is it worth just having that ad set on only and turning the others off?

First of all, as long as the results are good and as long as you can keep a healthy spending, even if it spends 90% it's totally fine. Even if it spends 100%, we're not here to just be super democratic and just share, you know, all of that democracy between the ads. We don't care about that.

But what we care about is a very simple thing. We do want to have normal spending. We do want to have healthy average results.

Now, I'm going to lay down some different cases just so that you can understand how we treat in this kind of situations. First of all, you are having one campaign which is operating for 8 months. It's having very good results and on the past 5 days doesn't have good results.

You're flexible. You're not closing it. You're not limiting it.

You're waiting. If you have it for 14 days and doesn't operate in the 5 days, most probably you have an untrained pixel which is not stable or maybe it's a bad period or whatever, you just start thinking of what you're going to do because just the campaign dying so fast is not okay. But if you have a campaign for 8 months, then you just evaluate also that this campaign has to stay here.

It's a valuable campaign. Even if it has 5 bad days, it's going to recover. These are crucial mistakes that people make and they just ruin campaigns that they have been there for a long time in the ad accounts just because 5 days or 6 or 7 days or 10 days it has been bad.

Secondly, can you afford it? This is a big question. If you can afford it to just keep this campaign if it's old, if the campaign is fairly new, okay, it just failed, you can start all over again.

But we're talking about campaigns here that they can be really old. If these campaigns are old, you don't just go and take decisions to just close them like this just because of bad 7 days. Can you afford it?

Is the campaign very old? Is it a bad period? For example, after Black Friday, we know that for some days we're going to have a bad period.

You cannot criticize the campaign on that period after a Black Friday period and say, okay, now we will have to close it. Next thing, do you have any stock issues? If you have stock issues with your site and you're seeing that this campaign is dropping, then you have to soak the damage just keeping the campaign until you're going to have again stock.

And many other reasons like... I don't know what else can I think right now, because if your campaign suddenly stops working for 5 days while it was working for 8 months, as you can understand, this is something that the campaign is going to overcome. You don't have to just go and close it immediately just because it doesn't work anymore the way that you want for just 5-6 days.

But for me, I think that the most crucial thing to that... And we have seen this mistake a lot from July until October, because there are a lot of people that they had good campaigns coming from June, July, August. Then on September, they had some bad days and they closed these campaigns that they were doing very well for 3 months, just because they were not patient.

So they up their whole accounts. And then we go on October that they did even worse because they couldn't recover because it wasn't a good period like June or July. So June or July, it was a good period.

People scaled, did campaigns and stuff. And then they closed these campaigns and they couldn't do other campaigns that they were going to take this pace like the way that they scaled on June or July. This was a crucial mistake on their part because they were not patient.

So we have to also see for how long is the campaign running. If the campaign is old and it's having data and it's profitable in the average results, then it's totally fine. Another thing, for example, that I can think is we optimize, especially in higher spends, based on the average results of the ad account.

If you have a campaign which is having average results which are not okay, for example, it has 1.3 ROAS and your break-even ROAS is 2 and you want 2.5, but because of your other campaigns you're getting 2.6, 2.7, you don't have to close this campaign immediately if it's profitable for some days and then it's just dropping. You can be a little bit more flexible since your average results are good. If you're losing a lot of money, for example, from this campaign and you cannot afford it, sadly you are a victim of your numbers and you cannot sustain this campaign.

It's still a mistake to close it, but I do understand that from the perspective of financial status, you cannot keep it. So all of these factors are the ones that are going to help you decide if you're going to keep it or not. Next one, keep giving out James Costantinos.

Been watching your videos at the moment. Thank you, man. I have a question.

I'm running testing campaigns for a new product. I put six creatives into a small IPO to see which one would work and it's been 10 hours. I found a winner.

No, you didn't find a winner in 10 hours. Also, I will analyze them a bit. I now want to put this ad in a CBO.

Hopefully it does well so I can do your method. My problem is I have 50 spending limit. It's fairly new ad account.

What do I do? Do it anyway and bear with temporary limits or another option. By the way, my goal is hopefully to be able to work with you.

Just so you know guys, the 3k limit that I have put it before, I don't think that it's valid anymore. Most of the times now I'm working with people with 10k and above as a monthly spending limit. It's time because you know, comparing to others, I do manage all the ad accounts on my own and it's going to continue being like this because I want to be updated.

So I'm not going to stop managing the ad accounts and just have VIP clients and stuff. Of course, I have help for workload from Marios, my employee. But other than that, I'm deeply involved in all the ad accounts.

I just don't do sales call, close them and give them to one of my personnel. So the limit now is more close to 10k per month. The thing here is this.

You said that you found a winner in 10 hours. No, you haven't. Having a winner doesn't mean that it has some sales.

It means that it also has volume of sales and consistency. If you don't see that, you don't have a winner. Secondly, testing with ABO campaigns is not okay because you're testing with 20, 30 dollars and when you put all of these creatives in a CBO campaign, then it's completely different.

Why? The way that the Facebook ads are working, it's like a bell curve, okay? So we have a bell over here and here on the tip we are actually having the limit that we can actually scale.

So if we're starting from 20k from here and we go to the top over here with 50 dollars spent after some time, then if we scale more the rows are going to start declining from this side. Now, if you run an ABO campaign and you're starting with 20, 30, that means that you can scale and your tip is going to be 50, 60, 100, whatever. But if you're starting with a CBO, maybe your bell is going to start higher.

For example, you have five assets inside and one of them is spending 60 dollars because this is what Facebook decided to do. That means that in this bell, you are starting from 60, so the breaking point is going to be higher from what you would have done. This is why CBO campaign is better than ABO.

This is why a lot of times agencies are having this strategy of having an ABO campaign for testing which is completely wrong because the only thing that they try to do with that is that they try to just stall for one month and just say that they test things. First of all, something that works on June doesn't mean that it's going to work on August because of seasonality, because it's a bad month. For example, things that were working on July and the way that you have seen good results, they were not there on September if you start the ads.

My philosophy is that you should not do ABO campaigns in order to test, you should go straight away to CBO campaigns for the reason that I told you. First of all, you're going to find clear winners that they have volume, better spend and stuff. Something that's working with 20 dollars in an ABO doesn't mean that necessarily it's going to work in a CBO when you put it with others and it's going to compete with others because they are two completely different things.

If you want to keep duplicating this in an ABO campaign with bigger budgets, yes, maybe it's a viable scenario, but taking this to a CBO campaign doesn't make any sense, at least for me. I'm all about doing CBO immediately, testing while you are having sales, because the biggest test is if it's having sales consistency and volume of sales. It's not only about getting one sale here and there and good rows, it's about getting good rows with volume or the rows that you want with volume.

That being said, you don't have a winner. Now about the 50 limit, you can do something about it actually. I have analyzed it in the previous podcast.

There is the prepaid funds. When you go to your billing section and the accounts and you pick the account, you can see your limit over there. If you have the option, because nobody, it doesn't mean that everybody has the option.

If you go there and you see the prepaid funds, just add prepaid funds. Most of the times it's letting you add something like 800 or 600 per day. So add this and then start running ads.

In 4, 5, 6, 7 days, it's going to increase your limit immediately to 250 and then to much more as you continue. So this is a very fast way that I have seen in order to lift limits with the prepaid funds within the ad accounts. And I will make a video about it, but most probably in the previous podcast or in the podcast before, maybe I think it was in the previous.

I'm showing also print screens of all of that. So maybe you have to go and watch it and do it. I have done it already in 4 accounts.

The problem is that in some accounts, the prepaid funds are not available for you to use them. Next one. Congrats on your success, Konstantinos.

It would be interesting to see a case study on that new brand on gaining market share, as well as other initial challenges they faced using Facebook ads. Yeah, I'm preparing several case studies actually. They are coming and I'm going to make also short videos because a lot of my clients now that they have established businesses, they start to also new baby brands.

So over there, we have all the problems of new brands and everything. The examples that I gave earlier with the CPMs for Broad and the CPMs with Interest and all of that, I'm going to make videos with those because I think they're very interesting topics to discuss. Next one.

I'm running a CBO of 50 days with 5 different assets, 4 Interest and 1 Broad. You should not run a CBO with Interest and Broad together. Broad is going to take all of the budget.

If the CBO performs well, how much would you recommend increasing the budget? I wouldn't recommend you to increase the budget. I would recommend you to duplicate it and run it all over again, if it's possible also with other creatives.

I usually double the budget from 50 to 100 and 200 and so on or you wouldn't recommend editing and duplicating instead. I wouldn't recommend that. Eventually you're going to make a mistake or scale in a bad period or scale much more from what you should and you're going to lose all of your progress.

Why don't you build one campaign with 50, do another one with 100, do another one with 100, you will have three campaigns. If one of them fails, you have two campaigns and so on. This is how you scale accounts, not by just increasing budgets because when you do that, you're just victim of the good and bad periods of Facebook.

If I only have one creative, can I still create one $50 campaign with 10 of the same creative to target different hot pockets or if this is the case, is it better to use CBO Crazy method? I think that you have one creative. You haven't even tested if the creative is converting.

Why do you have one creative? I just don't understand it. You say I have one creative and you want to advertise on Facebook.

Why? Don't advertise it. If you just want to do it, I guess you can do it like this in an Advanced Plus and duplicate it several times.

But the Crazy method is a method that's working with something that has already worked. We just try to exploit it more. It's not about trying to find what is going to work.

Next one. Kostantinos, you would test the creative using CBO with Dynamic Creative and once you find Winnie Creative, you would do Advanced Plus campaign or you can test creative using Advanced Plus campaign too. You can test 100% with Advanced Plus.

I'm doing it all the time. Forget about I'm testing something here so that I can integrate it to another campaign. Test it while you're having sales.

That's the whole point over here. You don't have to do separate testings. Your normal conversion campaigns are testings also.

Now, we go to a huge question over here from James. Hello, it's me again. I will try to read it super fast.

Question one. Middle of funnel, bottom funnel. When setting up middle of funnel and bottom funnel campaign, is it good practice to consolidate images, videos in one campaign or should be separated in two different campaigns or different ads?

It depends on your spend. You are splitting images and videos on middle of funnel, bottom of funnel most of the time when you're having big spends. If you don't have big spends, you just consolidate them to one.

On the other hand here, I must say that the best case scenario over here for you is not to have different ones, but to use the ones that are working already on the call traffic. That's a much safer way of doing ads and faster. I also would like to understand why it's recommended to either keep them in same campaign or separate.

You can keep them in same campaign as long as it's APO because middle of funnel is much smaller from middle of funnel which is much bigger compared to that because bottom funnel is last 30 days visitors, excluding purchase 30 days or add to cart 30 days, view content 30 days, excluding purchase 30 days, at least for me. And middle of funnel is people who engage with Instagram or Facebook and for the last 220 days, 365 days, whatever you prefer. And people who have been website visitors for 180 days and many more audiences of 180 days.

So it's much bigger compared to the bottom of funnel. So if you do CBO, most of the money is going to go in the middle of funnel and at the end of the day, there's no point for you to put two warm audiences to compete with each other in a CBO. This is not a job.

You want the warm audiences to be served well. You don't want to make them compete. You make the call traffic audiences compete with each other.

I do remember because I didn't mention about how Metatrack's engagement for video, images are different. I'm curious whether this will have an impact in your retargeting campaign. Retargeting campaign doesn't fall under the same category because it's just it's not a general audience that might, you know, your actions of engagement with the video stuff might influence the actual result.

The whole point with the warm audience is that it's a predefined audience, which you know that it's a warm audience because it's coming from this data. And it's not something that, you know, the rules that we use in cold traffic, they don't apply so much in retargeting. For example, in retargeting, you can change the creatives from time to time.

You can change the copy if you have a spelling mistake and stuff without any issues. You can do this kind of stuff with with retargeting or changing the budgets, scaling and stuff. So yeah, about retargeting, the rules that we have on cold traffic is not the same for retargeting.

For retargeting, the audience is defined. It's a warm audience. You can do this kind of mistakes of changing things here and there without any serious penalties.

I hear Constantinos mention about refreshing your creatives every month or every week. Not every week, every month, every 15 days, even in higher spans. I'm not too familiar with refreshing concept because I'm coming out with different creatives to test almost every day.

I think it's too excessive to test every day new creatives. You can gather them up and then do campaigns for them. I feel my creative process has a hold to it.

How I'm testing my creatives is choose one idea to format test. Let's say I want to come out with a Features Point Out static ads. I'll come out with three different headlines or three different visuals to test.

Then I put them on an APO Broad. We discussed excessively about APO, why we don't do it. Now I'm testing with CBO Broad or Advanced Plus after listening to Castaner.

Perfect. Then I will choose the next creative to test. Let's say Testimonial Static Image.

I will choose three different testimonials or three different visuals. As you can see, I'm conducting a testing based on different creative format. I'm curious how Costantinos would do about conducting a creative testing or refreshing the creative every month or so.

When I talk about refreshing, I'm not closing the other campaign. I'm just doing extra campaigns trying also to scale at the same time. The way that you do it with Advanced Plus or CBO campaign with Crazy Metal that's something which you're targeting there, it's already working.

It's correct. Refreshing of creatives goes to that, that we use extra creatives and we try to find more campaigns. Testing every day, I think it's also a little bit excessive in terms of you creating all the time campaigns, you're disturbing also the average results of the whole ad account.

So you should do them in badges. You should do them every three days after you optimize what you have there, you do another one and so on. You don't just do ads every day because all of this defeats the whole purpose of having some stability on the ad account if you just flood all the time the system with new ads.

So that's how I would approach it and of course without ABO testing for the reasons that we said earlier in the questions. Last question. I have noticed that even with standard campaigns that target the cold audience, they also end up in retargeting.

Facebook is stealing sales also from your cold sales. This is coming from the video that I was explaining about Advantage Plus and how you can break down the results to see how much is warm, how much is cold from the audiences. So that being said, having some sales being stolen from Facebook from your retargeting, for me it's completely fine because it's still data that are going to be used in order for your ad sets to be helped to find more cold traffic sales.

At the end of the day, if you think of it, you want Facebook to do that and this is why Facebook is programmed like that. A lot of times people think that Facebook is stealing but even if it steals, as long as you know it, okay, as long as you know it, it's totally fine because at the end of the day we are on Facebook to have better results. If this is bringing better results, so be it.

Let it steal it, it's totally fine. At the end of the day, you're going to criticize it with actual numbers. If your bank is zero or negative because of your ads, there's no Konstantinos or someone else who is going to give you one right argument about it, okay.

But if Facebook is stealing some sales and you are positive on your Facebook ads, you just don't try to say to Facebook, okay, why are you stealing sales for retargeting? Because it's being used as data. It's a data game and it's fine.

And also, it makes total sense from the fact that you have Facebook that is doing a cold traffic audience and initially, it's going to try to sell to the people that it thinks that it has better chances to convert. So, some of these people are going to be your warm audience if you have spent for two, three, four, five years. Or it's going to steal it because the pixel is going to steal a sale from any male because this person has seen it also.

But Facebook also can say on that note that we have influenced also the sales. Someone has seen it. Maybe they have converted also from email, but maybe they ended up to your site because of us.

So, it's a really complicated matter. But if you think of it like this, that at the end of the day, it's still data that Facebook is going to use to give me more cold traffic sales, it's fine. Because we want meta for the cold traffic sales.

We want meta to be used as volume to scale and all of that. And if this is being used for this purpose, then so be it. Now, the last thing, I'm not going to read it.

I'm just going to put it here because even on job posts, I'm seeing this. This is what I like to call a brick of text. And I'm not going to read it because for me, actually, it's unreadable.

You cannot go and do that. A lot of times I see people on Facebook that they put this kind of copies also. And it's not okay, guys.

Nobody is going to read that. This is a boring thing. This is a thing that you just see it and you say, I don't have the courage to go and actually read that.

So, on that note, even on a job post, whoever is going to apply for this job is just someone who is desperate, okay, or someone who is not going to even read it and just go to apply. I don't think that there... I just think that this can easily be fixed by just going and pressing enter in some places within the text, making different paragraphs so that it can be easily read by people.

And the sad part is, guys, that there are still people that they... How the f*** did he... Did he wrote that?

Was it easy for him to just write it? I cannot write such a text. You have to read it again and all of that.

How did he do it? It would take me eight hours to do a text like this. Anyway, guys, that's all I had for you today.

Let me know your opinion about the topic that we discussed earlier. Please don't go and start bugging his channel and everything. Say, look what he told about you and all of that.

Do me that favor. Don't do it. And...

I will see you guys on the next one. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is.

This is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is. Like...

For more information, visit we joinize.com . See you!