Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast. So let's start immediately with all the things that we have to discuss.

I keep getting more and more and more questions and I keep getting more and more and more articles and all of that from people so we have a lot of things to discuss. First of all, I would like to start this podcast by saying that I do have the feeling that most of my ad accounts are recovering. So what am I doing right now?

Based on the fact that my biggest ad accounts haven't been impacted, to be honest with you, from these bad results on the start of March. Based on what I see now, my other ad accounts are recovering and because some of my ad accounts are not, I'm starting to relaunch campaigns. For example, let's say that I have 10 campaigns, I take the wars or the two wars and I'm relaunching them.

Based on that, I would like to tell you that in the ad accounts that I'm having several campaigns, I'm just taking one or two that they have been performing really well and sadly, I'm going to start relaunches in order for me to start, you know, the ad accounts, most of their accounts, not most, most of the campaigns all over again. So the principle is this. Since I'm watching that the bad period is actually going to stop and I'm seeing a lot of other accounts recovering, what am I going to do with the others?

Am I just going to leave them there and expect them to recover? No. I'm going to cut the campaigns, relance them because they have been working in the past and I'm going to do that and I'm doing it already in some other accounts and of course, it's too early to tell you the results because the first days are always good but we will see if this is going to revive them.

So that's what I'm going to do with my ad accounts but I think that the bad days are now in the past and we're going to go better. If you have a lot of campaigns like I do in some ad accounts, well, to be honest with you, in most ad accounts with a lot of campaigns they have already recovered but I'm talking about ad accounts with two or three campaigns. In these ad accounts if they haven't recovered yet, I'm going to relance the campaigns optimizing all over again.

So a little bit about Facebook and how this platform is actually working. There are some people that they still don't get it on how Facebook is working and that it's a volume platform. I would like to share with you one story, something that happened and the fun part is that it happened with one of the case studies that I have posted on my YouTube channel.

So you have seen the case study of one year, how I scaled a brand from, I don't remember the exact numbers but let's say from 30, 40, 50k per month to 500k per month in the course of one year. So you can see that I have a video for three months, six months and 12 months and the fun part is that you can see the whole journey and what I was predicting that it was going to happen and all of that. Even on my last video I believe which was aired on Wednesday, I have video shooting it on January or February, I believe in the middle of February and now that it's going to go live.

I was predicting things that are going to happen in the ad account and I put in some small videos with print screens of what happened to these ad accounts later. So it was really funny to see that in 80% of the cases I was correct about the outcome. This is what happened also with the one-year case study and everything that happened in this year which I was very happy because it was very nice.

I took you in a journey of one year of me doing ads in another account that I believe that I could scale and it worked really well. But people are greedy. Okay so the company after that because they have expanded a lot, they gave me also other countries and what happened is that they hired more people and they hired also one old years old let's say or maybe outdated I would say CMO, Chief of Finance which is actually you know these people when you talk to them they do care about numbers but they don't understand that there's a whole process and the journey behind that.

For example they might come and tell you that we're going to shut off Facebook ads because it's not giving us the ROAS that we want. But they are not calculating for example that for the whole previous year this company was getting all of their volume and ROAS and all of that that from a platform like Meta and Instagram and Facebook. So the discussion was something like this.

So we do have 1% returning customers so why do we need Facebook as a platform if we are only getting 1%? So because you can say a lot of times advertisers they do say that hey with Facebook you are getting volume of people that they might not convert only once so you should not calculate only the ROAS that you're getting from their first purchase but you should calculate also their lifetime value. And this is why a lot of companies they have tools like Triple Whale and other tools that they are showing them the lifetime value of their customers.

So here we have an objection from a CMO who doesn't understand the growth of social media marketing so much and what it gives. So it comes by watching the number and he says why do we need Meta for example if we're getting only 1%? So basically they are buying once and then we are not getting more value out of them.

So my point of view to this is that so if you are a freelancer for example this is a very good lesson for you. The biggest thing here is that when you are a freelancer and you are working with someone you should always reply to what they tell you because if someone is telling you something and you don't reply to them but don't don't reply with a bullshit answer reply with the truth okay. If you don't then you are going to see that this person is going to believe that what he told you it's actually the truth.

So if I wasn't going to reply to that and I would just let it slide because I'm polite because I don't want to lose my job or whatever then this person would think that yeah I told him that he didn't reply so what I said is correct. So this is also another thing that I have seen with owners of e-commerce. I couldn't believe initially when I was starting that a lot of e-commerce store owners are lying and I couldn't believe it from the perspective of I'm going to go into your ad account.

I'm going to see if you are lying or not. So why are you telling me that you have six ROAS for example and then I go to the ad account and I see that you have three ROAS. My explanation to that is very simple.

I do believe that these people they ended up saying to themselves so that they can feel better about it that okay in August I had six ROAS blah blah then they say to their friends blah blah and they keep saying the same lie again and again with and at the end of the day they do believe it. It's not like they want to lie to me they just say a lie that they have said to themselves a months ago and they just believe it because they said it so many times that now it became from a lie truth. So this is this is what is happening also in discussions.

If you don't address all of these things and you let them pass by or you don't have the answers because you're not technically informed or well or were prepared for a call then the person on the other side is going to believe that what they told you is right. So my answer to him was this. So you're telling me that you are having one percent repeated customers.

Perfect. So when you are doing email marketing and SMS marketing out of the 100 orders 99 orders there are actually new customers and he says yeah they're actually new customers and then I told him and where did those emails and SMS came from okay. So in that way by just by just leading him to the truth you're just explaining to him that the email and SMS that you see and you like so much it's coming from Meta or Google it doesn't matter and if you shut down these platforms you will eventually see all of these numbers on on SMS and email marketing just keep going down and down and down because there's not going to be any new fresh people coming inside based on the fact that you told me also that you have only one percent returning customer.

So he told me yeah you're right I can see your point over here and we just continue discussing about other things but what I want to teach you here and this is a lesson for the freelancers mostly but also for the business owners to not lie to themselves and not think that SMS and email for example is better than Facebook because they don't spend a lot of money to it. Yeah but it's being fueled by Facebook so that's what I find as an interesting story with one of my discussions the previous week with a CMO that is not so involved with social media and it has to I will not say get trained but get used to the whole situation with social media because social media is about growing and having volume and all of that and it's not about most of the times it's not about ROAS especially when you're growing it's not so much about the ROAS but it's mostly about the growth okay when you have smaller budgets and you just care about spending just just an amount of money that you have seen that you're profitable really profitable that's good you can do it and that's all with my story I hope that some people are going to find it useful information I do find it interesting the good part with me at this point of my life is that I do have these answers ready to my head so I do know exactly how to reply to any situation to any meeting it doesn't mean that always the people that they are next to me they are going to you know like my answer or they are going to accept it but but at least I know that I'm telling my truth at that point and what I really believe now we're not going to go into discussions about not being afraid of getting fired and all of that because I do believe that a lot of people if they don't have so many clients as me or getting paid as well as me they might not have the luxury of doing that so I'm not going to pretend that I'm smart because I have also been into that position not so much because after selling the e-commerce I didn't have the need for money I guess and I was doing it risk-free but still if we think of it it you are having the better the best client management and the best everything and the best contracts when you are not afraid if you are going to get fired and you just speak your mind instead of just being a yes man that does everything that the that does everything that the owner wants without questioning it or telling the technical truth about it next one we have Isabel here is saying I'm going to pull a reddit post lol but are your ads doing well now I feel like I've had two good days since the problem and other than that it is pretty unstable I told I told I said already what I believe about the ads right now the truth is that the other accounts are recovering because we do have some good days and some really bad days for example was I don't remember if it was this Monday or the previous Monday but anyway we had I think this either this Monday or the previous Monday we had the worst day of the whole year in my opinion across accounts across my students my friends and all of that so yeah we have some really really bad days but also some good days and of course we have people like this comment over here that says well it's our turn Facebook has been great for us since January 1st but yesterday it all came crashes down holy crap we've been super lucky the last two and a half months have been pretty good and profitable yesterday all of a sudden the sales does totally crap out I've been spending 1 000 a day in order to generate about 2500 to 3000 a day in sale on our store yesterday spent 1000 and it brought back 1100 in sales today we have three sales in the total of about 698 spent around 400 so far I've posted everything what the hell is going on what the hell is going on with you is the actual reply here I would like to give this a nice meme that I found I put also on the thumb it says Facebook ROAS on one day and Facebook ROAS on the next day it's actually one of the most representing memes that I have seen about the ROAS situation you might have a very good day and then a bad day this is why we're working with the average of seven days now it's good that people like this person which is having very good numbers they have actually they are closing their ads because it's going to make our life easier but this person that hasn't been impacted for all of these days and just for one day he's closing the or she is closing the ads it's a person that is never going to scale okay and it doesn't understand how Facebook is actually working you can see that I'm up voting these posts because I want them to close their ads same on me but what can you do for people that even without watching a full 24 hour of actual results a lot of times other accounts are recovering at the end of the day for example or for example you cannot criticize Mondays with Sundays Sundays are picking up by the end of the day Mondays are more stable days in terms of if they if it's a good day across the day on Sundays you will see that you have a very slow start and then it's recovering in the evening most probably because this is when everybody is logging to their social media so all of it if you if you think of it it's it's a very bad move because you're having such good results for for so long period and for one day you're just panicking and you're closing your ads well you will never scale and you are always going to be we don't know for example some in some accounts with this behavior you're not going to even you know recover after that so to Isabel I must say that my ad accounts are recovering if your ads are not recovering I would start replacing my worst campaigns by the launching them because I do feel that this is a period right now that I'm seeing consistently ad accounts becoming better and better so I think that we are getting away from the bad period and before we go to your other questions I would like to address this up work not up work it's not up work I believe it was on Reddit I believe it was already saying this hiring Facebook ads expert and the reason that I'm doing this is because if any of you has this kind of mentality I would like to address it and explain to you why it's wrong hiring Facebook ads expert looking for market proven Facebook ads media buyers for e-commerce products who can prove their skills and generate results result simple our candidate draws is three with you on board we expect more obviously confidence that you will be able to beat three ex or money back we will use an escrow and a contract enforced in the following terms you win you get paid simple no BS if you think you fit into this criteria shoot me a pm let me tell you why this is wrong for several reasons first of all somebody who is a proven Facebook ads media buyer is not going to come for this job why because we know what we bring to the table and we're not going to go into contracts that well we do but not with strangers for example with people that I know if an owner of another business which which I had transactions and he paid me he tells me hey I have this project you're not going to get paid if we do well you I will do it because he has already paid me on other projects I know that he's going to pay me even they scroll and these things that it's going to you know you still don't know this person do you know what you don't know if if he's crazy or not okay and if he's asking too much or not for example what is the three rows consistently for five months or you had three rows for one day or two weeks okay because I'm getting three rows for two weeks and then I'm posting this because I want four and five rows also is it possible to go on three rows the fact that you are hiring someone guys I'm so happy that I that I can be honest and say all of these things when you hire someone it doesn't mean that you hire him to take your three rows to four rows okay you have to understand that on Facebook we are not influencing 100 of the results we're influencing just a small percentage and maybe some people don't say it because they want to get clients that they believe that they will get them from three to five rows but this is not the truth you are hiring people like me and experts in order to scale you this is where our total value is okay and not doing stupid things like our friend here who has closed their ads after two and a half months this would have never happened if I was there I wasn't going to allow him to do that and I was going to control it and relax him and tell him to stop now that he's alone he's doing this mistake which is going to cost him so the reason that somebody is hiring us is not to improve their ROAS necessarily and sometimes it's happening but some most of the times we're going to get kind of the same ROAS but we're going to do better management and better scaling so the idea that I'm that I'm getting on my own three ROAS I'm going to hire Konstantinos to get for ROAS is completely wrong most of the times it doesn't work like this most of the times what is happening is that you're hiring Konstantinos first of all because it's super annoying with Facebook and all the ups and downs to actually manage the ads and the second thing is that you want him to scale this is where the actual value comes now in this specific case in the way that I see that it's written and let me tell you what I believe that it's going to happen the people that are going to apply for this job are the people that are going to go there to get print screens of the three ROAS if it's true and the people that have nothing to lose for example my time doesn't have the same value as someone who is managing right now one account somebody who is managing right now one account they can come and they say okay I will try it okay and if it works it works if not it doesn't so you're going to attract not market proven Facebook ads media buyers but only senior ones and beginners that they're going to try to learn Facebook ads with your money so this is number one number two we address the thing about the three ROAS and all of that and why you hire an expert basically and the other thing is that this idea this idea that if you don't get the results you don't get paid I think it's a little bit stupid because you're going to get paid for your workload it's okay if to fire someone I get it because you don't think that they're getting the results but you have to pay for the workload that they have done you're not partners if you're partners in this business and somebody comes and tells you that hey let's be partners and you will do the ads for free and stuff it's completely different but you are hiring someone there's no such thing as okay I'm going to hire you if you don't have any results you're not going to get paid and even when it does it is not happening between strangers this is what I'm trying to explain I have deals right now I'm in some projects that I'm not getting paid but I do believe in the owners I know them I know that they have successful businesses I don't care well actually I get paid 500 dollars for example okay just for just for the ads but I'm spending right now 100k in one ad account it's a new ad account I do believe that in one month from now I'm going to start getting paid with percentages and stuff but for the first two months it wasn't profitable because we were trading the pixel now it is so the next month we're going to have a new deal but all of this period I got paid 1500 dollars for example for spending 80 to 100k per month so you do understand that you can take this leap of faith but only with people that you trust and you know who is this person that is asking from people to work for him for free and what kind of relationship is it being built here one relationship which is going to be toxic and with the first opportunity that you're not going to have good results because it's a bad period on facebook for example you're going to get fired so I just liked also to address this thing here it is more about freelancers I guess also I guess the podcast today has more freelancer information but now we're going to go to your questions and we're going to answer those I have a question from Onur over here which was it was actually very interesting I watched all of your videos and they helped me a lot along the way if you have watched all of my videos and the podcasts on Onur I do remember your name from previous but if you have done that thank you very much thanks because I noticed that a high portion of your client sells high ticket products I'm not sure how appropriate is to ask this but what are their profit margins I run my own e-commerce company selling a product for 60 with a cost to me of 14 including shipping and my profit margin of around 10 percent I sold about 5 000 units for the last four months but I'm but I'm really struggling with pricing and currently thinking about transitioning to high ticket e-commerce your answer and personal opinion on this is much appreciated this is not related to ads but I'm willing to make this discussion and I would like to explain some things about it so let's go I tell him I do have a lot of clients also with lower ticket items but to be honest it one of the case studies for example that you see for United States the one year ones it's with two ROAS this is a lower ticket item but it's always better to work with digital products and with because they have one ROAS or 1.2 1.1 ROAS break even because you can scale them more and you can spend more money and the second thing is the high average value items and the high ticket items or high average value they are better to work with because even with high cost per purchases you are getting a good return on ad spend so I'm not going to say that it's easier because they need completely different handling in terms of how many days you leave them if you're taking decisions faster or you're more flexible you're spending more money demand per sale so you have to have higher budgets in order to get where you want to go but you know it's a different handling but I'm not going to say that it's better or easier I'm going to say that it's more convenient let's say. I do have clients also with lower ticket items to be honest it is better to work with higher AOV products for the sake of ROAS.

I don't get clients with less than 25 to 30% profit margin that's one big truth. It has to be an item that sells for more than 1k in order to get clients with 20% profit margins for example. With my math here I do my math in order to calculate his break even ROAS which is 1.31.

I don't know from where you calculate the 10% profit margin if you have 10% profit margin your break even ROAS would be 10% blah blah. So in all of that I do explain to him about the 10% and then he replies, Konstantinos oh I meant how much money I make when I say profit margin. Your math is correct for example if I sell 70k a month I make 7k personally which is 10% in other words I'm so close to break even that I become a bit hesitant when started.

I'm not sure how appropriate is to ask this but my question is what are the average profits for business owners. Guys let's discuss a little bit about this. So and I'm going to discuss it from my perspective.

I don't like to share numbers of how much I make but for this case we will have to discuss it a little bit. So let's say for example that someone who is selling a service like me because I want you e-commerce owners to see it from another perspective. So someone who is selling a service like me they make 100% because we are actually selling ourselves it's a service it's not like we're selling a product.

So the profit margin that we get it's most of the times if you are alone alone 100% but if you have some expenses and stuff let's say that it's 80% so if I make let's say 100k per month I will keep the 80k. This sounds really intimidating for people that are doing e-commerce but I would like to twist it a little bit to tell you the difference between that. So in your case in order to make 80k you need to make a revenue of 800k.

Let's talk about monthly numbers over here. So if I make 100k per month I keep the 80k. If you have a revenue of 800k you keep the 80k.

On that note I must tell you though that with our case as a freelancer it's very difficult to scale past that point because you have to hire employees you have to go in another model which I don't like to follow and stuff. So most of the times I'm capping let's say to 100k per month. The thing here is this if you think of it an e-commerce store owner has better chances of scaling.

Why? Because if you are doing 5 million per month which are not crazy numbers okay I have seen them in e-commerce stores and stuff. Okay you keep 10% but you're making 500k.

So in that case my model is better for the short term you're making more money as someone who is selling a service and you're making x amount of money faster and stuff but you cannot scale. But with e-commerce you can scale as much as you want. So it's up to your ambitions and to how you see life and how aggressive you are.

If you are more conservative for example and you don't like e-commerce you can go to selling a service and then you can make money like this. But if you don't and you want to scale as much because you know there is no limit to what you want to achieve. You cannot do that with my model.

Now when it comes... So why I'm telling all this because I want you to see the bigger picture which is that e-commerce stores maybe they have 10% but they can scale to much higher numbers and then you are making a lot of money. But you cannot compare it with someone who is selling a service for example and it's doing x amount of revenue because on that case this person is going to make much more money from you.

So the concept and the idea here is this. Am I having a product which can actually scale to very big numbers in order to make a lot of money? Because if I don't or if I don't believe it or if I cannot do it then to me, to me, I don't see how e-com worth it.

Okay? On the other hand, not everybody can sell a service. Some people like more e-com and stuff.

I don't like e-commerce store because as I said, e-commerce stores... having an e-commerce store of my own because I had it and as I like to say, it's more about solving problems and putting out fires every day instead of being happy. Of course with Facebook ads you have different anxiety levels and stuff but it's completely different.

So I do believe that the profit margins is between 10 and 20% in some cases. I don't believe that 10% is very bad but I do believe that the biggest gains are coming when you're scaling a lot in e-commerce store instead of being on the numbers that you actually described. That's the perspective that I want to give you and it's up to you what you want to do more or how you want to go because for example it's also completely different of doing a revenue of 5 million and you're going to go to your credit card to Stripe and you're going to say I'm having x amount of transactions give me a better fee.

You are going to go to your distributors, you're going to go to your shipping company, you're going to go to the production and you're going to make it cheaper and to all of that. So you are unlocking tiers on e-commerce after some point as more as you scale up which I have seen with people that you cannot unlock in other cases. And I know that you never mentioned that you want to sell service base and stuff but I had to give you this example in order for you to understand that you are sitting in a job right now that it can scale really really really hard and not really hard, it can scale a lot and you can make a lot of money but on the other hand on the smaller numbers it is disappointing.

Okay so that's my point of view. The higher ticket items that you want to sell they are actually more convenient as I said to handle but it doesn't mean that they have better profit margins but you have better chances of succeeding on a Facebook ad. For example if you have something that needs average cost per purchase of 100 you have better chances instead of having something that needs average cost per purchase of 10 or 20.

It's much more difficult and maybe it needs much more effort to train your pixel and all of that to get to that point. Let's go to the next question. Another question, how much money do you think is possible to make a profitable ads in nowadays market especially in developed areas 3000 USD is enough?

Thanks. As we said five seconds earlier there's there's not a single concept that it can actually you know support all of that because if you think of it it's not the same to sell a t-shirt for 25 and the refrigerator unit for 1500. So on that note I must tell you that it really depends on your product.

If you are asking me now what is an ideal budget to test 3000 USD per month it is an ideal budget to do your initial tests. Do you do code I think means to for someone to pay currency on delivery? What is currency on delivery?

I don't know. So do you do code in Middle East or they pay from the website? Basically it means that someone can pay when they are going to receive the item.

He's talking about a case study about another account in Middle East that I showed the other day in one of my videos. The truth is that this site didn't have code but I must say that this is one very big issue for all the Middle East e-commerce stores. India, Pakistan also have these problems.

The reason for that is this. The reason is very simple because in order for you to know what is the actual ROAS that you need to see you need to calculate how many of these code orders are going to be returned back because it's costing you and it's not actual ROAS because on the side they're going to do the order you're going to see the ROAS but it doesn't mean that this is your actual ROAS because you're going to have some returns from people not getting the products. The thing is that in order for you to be able to operate in this if you have code pay on delivery systems if you do that then it means that you need to calculate in a course of six months how many of these orders are going to get back to you as an average and then just subtract these orders from the ROAS in order for you to have a new target ROAS so that you know that you are profitable not with the ROAS that you are seeing but you need to see another ROAS that now you know that as soon as you see these ROAS even if you have the normal amount of orders coming back to you then you're going to be fine and you're still going to be profitable.

I know that it's a big issue. I know that it's difficult for these companies not to have pay on delivery but I have done several times ads with this way and we have found ways of calculating what is good and what is bad and we were able to overcome it. Hello Constantinos thank you for all your gold and knowledge thank you for watching.

I have a daily ad spend of 400 euros with three campaigns running 400 euros and I have run into some cash flow issues so I had to lower my daily ad spend. I didn't want to break the number one rule never touch something which works but you already did because this is touching. So I set up a spending limit in the payment section now my ad spend now my ad spend my budget in half of the day which is which isn't normal.

Do you have a better solution? Thank you very much. Well the truth is that you did you know you did break the first rule and the second and the third not to touch something that is working but I do understand that life is life and things are happening you know to the businesses.

So the suggestion here would be to check what kind of the best the best case over here it would be okay I'm checking what kind of budget I can have and either I'm keeping my best campaign with this budget let's say that it's 100 so either I'm keeping my best campaign with 100 nothing to do sadly or I am lowering the budget to all of my campaigns to something smaller if there are CBOs which are this is going to be difficult to happen so I would go more to the option of keeping just one campaign with a budget that I can spend daily without putting any limits or if I had advantage plus campaigns because they actually have better behavior to limiting budgets I would go and I would lower the budgets there and I would keep them all by lowering the budgets to my total budget that I can have. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week visit my pattern page following the link on the description.

This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is! Metaf身 B