Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast. So we're at podcast 86.

Today it's going to be a plain simple podcast. We're going to talk about a new method that I'm developing. Some of my students are already using it, but it's the first time that's going to go public public because until now I have been, you know, developing it with some of my friends, some of my students and in the inner circle.

So it's a time to actually give it to the public since it has some good positive results. And we have also your questions which is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25. So even number 25 questions.

Some of those are huge. And before we start with the new method, just one message to liar45. I don't mind answering your questions.

I don't want you to take to take this in a bad way. I'm trying to answer your questions, but when you send me questions and we can put the two questions here if you want on the side so that anyone can see, which are huge. So here we have one comment that has nine questions.

Some of those are even difficult to answer with text. So I will prefer to answer them. You can do them, but I will prefer to answer them on the podcast.

And I will just tell you that I will reply on podcast this because it would be huge for me to just reply with a message. Now, if you do a question here and there, just one question, I don't mind answering with text, but if it's huge, I will have to take them here. Now, enough with the questions because we're going to go later to them.

Let's start first of all, and let's discuss a little bit about the new method. And let me tell you my way of thinking about it. So the method is called, it's called the rapid fire method, because the whole point of this method is to find as fast as you can a good hot pocket, and then actually utilize it.

So let's take the facts. First of all, we have dynamic creative ads not working. We have accounts not being able to work with advantage shopping campaigns.

So they need to work with CBO instead and interest or lookalikes. If you don't believe in that, there is a problem because recently I have done also some consulting calls and there are people that AAC because they have newer accounts and stuff, it doesn't work for them. So if you're just listening to meta that you have to do broad and stuff, you have a problem because you have to compare on your own the CPMs between broad and interest and decide.

Third one is flex bloods are not working. Only my friend Mitch told me that he has some flex bloods working with $30 budget per day, which is nothing to me. It proves nothing.

So flex bloods not working. Then if we go on the fourth, we have ASC optimization from what I have seen from you being much easier for you to understand, compare to CBO optimization, which is much more difficult for you to understand from the videos that I do. So after seeing all of that, I thought, how can I make a strategy which is, and also last thing, CBO campaigns in ad accounts this year have been proven to be not as resilient as advanced shopping campaigns.

So which are ABOs. So we could play with a budget with advanced shopping campaigns. We can increase, decrease, while on CBO, the moment you do something, you are losing the whole balance and there is an issue.

So what I thought was this, how can I utilize the fact that I want to test, that I cannot use advanced shopping campaign. I want to test a lot of creatives. I want to use hot pockets and I want to optimize on the ad level because it's easier for people to understand.

Let me tell you what is the rapid fire method. So let's say that in your ad account you are running a CBO, okay, that you're doing 100 with four assets. Okay.

And this is something that is working for you. It's a proven structure. You can optimize it and stuff.

The whole way of thinking is that you do the same campaign with four assets, but this time you put a budget of 200, 250. So you're putting two times the budget or a little bit more than two times and you put the same assets. What's the point of that?

In the first 24, 48 hours, we would like to go inside even in the first 24 hours if it's possible. If we see one ad set standing out, then we know that there is a hot pocket being formed there. What I'm trying to say is this.

If you have four assets or five assets, for example, and we start over there the process much faster because we give it a lot of budget in the best day that Meta is actually boosting the results, then what is going to happen is that we might end up with a strong ad set that in the first 24, 48 hours is going to get three, four sales and not just one sale, which can be a fluke, you know, and we don't consider it a strong hot pocket. So over there, we have the case of actually having the randomness of the initial results going through the campaigns. You can run a crazy method or you can run a normal CBO campaign with different interests.

The one that is taking the most sales is forming a hot pocket or the one that is lucky enough to get the most sales is a hot pocket. So what we're doing is we're closing all the other assets and we're leaving just this one. And after that point, we do work only on the ad level, optimizing as it is an advantage plus shopping campaign, you know, with dominant ads and all of the things that we taught there.

So with that way, we are able also to create one CBO campaign that eventually is going to have just one ad set with a budget that it can have. If it's very strong, we can increase and decrease the budget without having problems. We are optimizing on the ad level testing more creatives because the thing that I forgot to say is that in the ad sets, we're not going to have three to five ads in the way that we do it now, but we're going to add 10 ads to each one of the ad set.

That means that we're going to have, which are going to be the same, by the way, between the assets. So that way, when we're going to close all of the other assets, we're going to be left with an ad set that has 10 ads inside, and then we can optimize on the ad level. How have I tested it?

I have tested it across accounts. It's working and I can see why it's working because it makes total sense because at the end of the day, this is something that comes from pure theory and combination of different strategies. What do we do here?

We do a very fast process of a CBO that we are taking one hot pocket that is being formed and we are utilizing super fast, giving it all of the budget and optimizing on the ad level in order for us to be able to, because if you didn't optimize at all, maybe it was going to fail, you know, because it wouldn't have enough ads or it wouldn't have the right ad to take the budget. So we optimize on the ad level. Secondly, we don't have dynamic creative ads right now.

Our flex plots are not working really well. So if we want to test a lot of creatives and we cannot do ASC, the only way for us to do it is either on an ABO or do this way so that we can do it not with just any ad set, but with an ad set that is forming a hot pocket. So that is another way for you to test a lot.

Third thing, if broad targeting is not working for you, you are not doomed and you can go immediately and you don't know, for example, how to do CBO optimization. You can use this simpler strategy in order for you to optimize on the ad level while you're using lookalikes or interest or whatever. So it has a lot of advantages and the reason that it has been created is so that we can adapt to a new situation right now that some ad accounts cannot have ASC working for them.

So we have to find a solution to do a strategy that we optimize on the ad level testing a lot of creatives, which is really important, along with the fact that we need to use interest and lookalikes instead of broad targeting alone. This is the rapid fire method. This is how it works.

And after that point, you just treat it as an ASC campaign that you optimize on the ad level on the same way. Nothing changes from that. I hope that you're going to test it, guys.

I hope that you're going to understand it. The initial response from some people is that they didn't understand it completely. So we will see on the comments if you understand it on how it works and I will be more than happy to answer it, to answer any questions.

So I hope that you're going to use it and I hope that you're going to like it. I hope that you're going to be able to answer it. In the next podcast, if we don't have something to discuss about all of this thing that is happening with elections and the results...

By the way, let me tell you that the ad accounts are not doing so well right now. We are... Well, I'm seeing something really strange.

So let me tell you what I'm seeing. The big spend ad accounts like 200k, 300k, 400k, 500k per month, at least on my end, I don't know why, they are doing really well. Like they're doing really well.

The smaller ones are struggling. This is what I'm seeing and this is what it bothers me right now. On the smaller ones, I'm having lesser results.

On the big ones, it's working pretty well. So this is one thing. I do see a lot of people stressing on Reddit and stuff, but we discussed about Reddit in the previous podcast.

The next thing that I want to say is that more and more people come to me from other programs that they teach one CBO campaign and you toss creatives inside and everything. Guys, whatever we say here, it's legit 100% because the things that we say don't toss creatives inside the working CBO, the budget has already been distributed. I have seen in their ad accounts doing that for three, four months and the leading ad set not losing the budget and all of their other creatives just taking one or two sales without being tested efficiently.

It's crazy that there are still people out there proposing this one strategy thing, this one campaign strategy thing. I just don't understand it. On the other hand, there are other people like John Loomer that he did a video today and he says people are proposing complex things because they want to show that they are special and stuff and that's why they're not proposing a simple strategy that's working because it's not working.

If we see a cross account that is not working and you know, you know, the problem is that in our channel nobody can come and say that the things that we are saying are not working because we show live ad accounts. On the other channels, you can go and you can see that they're not showing like live ad accounts and they're just theory and all of these people come to me after going to these programs. They show me all of these mistakes that they are doing in these channels like having one campaign and just increase the budget on the double double double you know like crazy.

Of course, if you have 500 people inside the program in two of them it's going to work because of the product or because of the strategy and then you take these two as a flagship thing or they showcase studies from November Black Friday's where everything is working you know and it's not a good month to show that the strategy is working. It's like you are taking one of the best products that has a very good offer and it's very unique and it's selling very well. It has 5% conversion rate on the website or whatever and you show it and you say that look my strategy is working.

The product is working, the period is working, the Black Friday. You cannot just show the Black Friday period and say that this strategy is working just because you did it on the Black Friday. This is bull**** guys okay and the problem is that there are more and more people.

So the problem is that internet is a total chaos right now. You have Reddit, people cry about Facebook. You have other people telling how successful they are.

You have other people that they are coming and they are telling you that you have to simplify things and whoever is not simplifying things. It's just a charlatan because he is trying to prove to you that you need to have something complex so that they can confuse you and you can buy their course. What if we have data to prove that it's not so simple you know?

What if we have data to prove that in ad accounts there are coming people and they are using Broad since day one and then I have ad accounts that I use Broad also to test it and then I use internet and I have lower CPM so I'm training my pixel with lower CPM. Where is the rocket science to that you know? Instead of instead of being brainwashed you know and just say Advantage Plus campaign, Broad targeting and that's it.

Nothing else because Facebook knows. No, I'm not going to just trust Facebook blindly. I'm going to trust the data okay but I'm not going to trust whatever Facebook says.

Advantage Plus audience. It's not working. It's not working well.

It's just a bad setting right now. Maybe it's going to work later. FlexiVlads are not working.

Maybe they will work later. Anyway, in the history of Facebook only Advantage Shopping campaign was the thing that worked immediately okay and I have I believe that the reason is because it was working since day one with retargeting audience on 20% or more. Now that's all with this and of course there are other people that they do what John Loomer says that they do things super complicated like I don't know saying some crazy things like pixels are not getting trained and they're just vessels.

Anyway, that problem it's not coming from the people. That problem is coming from Facebook being super secretive on how the algorithm is working and stuff and actually lying because when you're lying there are people like me that they have a lot of accounts and they're going to find out about your life. Okay, for example, I have proof that they are I have proof that they are actually penalizing accounts when there is not a correct payment in time or something is happening and they're also stating it by the way on the page scores of the pages but they never say that if you don't pay in time we're going to penalize your account and we're going to give you lesser quality traffic which is happening and I have proof for that but Meta never says that and this is just one of the things this is just the tip of the iceberg.

There are so many more things that Meta doesn't say and we're just seeing and we're just think that we're conspiracies theories and we should not think like that but then we have data data not only from accounts but maybe from their back end that they prove the things that we were thinking for so many years that they are happening because Meta is also corrupted in many ways like many other businesses that they're very big are and I'm going to just leave it there. Let's go to the comment guys. Let's go to Marvin.

At the campaign level there's the option to increase the budget via budget scheduling. For example today at certain hours would it make sense to use the option on good days Black Friday when the results are very good in the morning 2x 4x 6x rest of the day. Have you already tried this or you just increase the budget directly?

So let me tell you about the budget scheduling. The budget scheduling was having a very good philosophy behind it okay it was saying when are you getting most of your sales during prime hours okay let's increase the budgeting there perfect it doesn't work because I used it what I have realized though because you know that in this channel we like to explain things and we don't like to say that okay I cannot explain why flex plots are not working they're not working for me but I can explain this I think I have seen that when the ads are focusing in a specific hour of the day and get sales there they're not performing well in a long period of time the reason for that is that I believe that in some days they could get a sale in the morning some days in the evening so when you have sales scattered across the whole day it's better now if you are optimizing I have seen this with one of the account of one of my students for example that the drop shipping strategy that they had is that up to 12 o'clock for example in the morning if you don't have a sale you close the asset so what they ended up is that he ended up having his account campaigns that they were just getting people hot pockets of people that they were buying only in the morning so that was hurting him in the lockdown because he was limiting himself that's why we're saying that you need to leave your ass for 24 48 hours to just see if you can get scattered sales in the whole day so I have seen it with him that there were days that he was struggling because maybe these hot pockets they were not buying for Tuesday or it was happening not to buy one day and stuff so he was limited in the way that he couldn't replenish the sales to the other half of the day so in my opinion increasing the budgets like this with a budget scheduling is something that didn't work for me I didn't like it because I wanted to have my whole thing now Facebook is already doing that in a way because I could see that when I was starting a campaign for example that you're getting sales in the morning I could see that Meta was spending more budget in the morning trying to find sales there the best thing is for the campaign to have sales across the whole day that's the most healthy thing but this is random this is not something that you can actually control on the other hand when it comes to Black Friday you don't need a it's like on Black Friday the thing that you're proposing to do it on Black Friday it's like you go on a party and you don't drink during the whole duration of the party you just drink towards the end you know more just because it's more fun no it's not like this so in Black Friday it's a big party you know we increase the budgets Facebook ads are performing well and stuff so people are buying during the whole day there's no point of view doing it prime hours and stuff so what I would do is I would increase my budgets directly for the whole day especially for Black Friday this is what I do let's go to the next question hi guys there are some questions about creative testing I usually launch three visuals two copies and one headline how come you don't do three to two um one headline per each creative test also I like to separate uh it's actually funny that someone that someone created uh created that someone said let's do three to two and this is considered you know uh one very big uh discovery you know it's actually very funny um but it's everywhere so actually it was uh successful on his end we must admit that that um there are a lot of people that they know about the three to two while his channel has only 30k subs or or more um I usually land three visuals two copies and one headline per each creative test also I like separate each concept marketing angle with one campaign uh is it okay if I begin by testing same copies on each angle or should I make a brand new copy for each creative concept as of now I stick to same two copies and I've heard 90 percent of attention still goes to the visual which is the image or the video after moving best performing stage for the ASC campaign can I mix creatives of different angles or is it better for each ASC campaign to also be structured around the same angle thank you I would completely agree with you on having different ASC campaigns with different angles for better management for better control for scaling also which is going to help you instead of mixing them together because the whole point is that you can reach different hot pockets while you're doing that now about the copy I must tell you that I don't care so much about the copy you can use the two copies that they're working for you all the time I don't think it's going to be an issue what is the future though is the copy of the creative so the creative copywriters are going to be the ones that are going to rule everything and this is something that you need to focus on instead of focusing on the plain copy there's one exception to the rule if you have an info product or a course or something a lot of times people need to see also the copy in order to understand what you're selling if your video is not good enough but if the copy of the video is good enough so I'm not saying that the copy cannot play a role but it can play a role only if your creative is not strong enough because if your creative is strong enough explaining in one minute what you're selling and your selling point and your hook and everything then people don't need to read the copy if they have to read the copy it means that your creative is not as good as it should be and the copy of the creative so that's thing number one thing number two focus on the two copies that you have don't just use the don't just try to use all the time new ones different campaigns for the different angles and just just focus more on the copy of the video and you're going to be fine next one con just one advice please of course I got my first winner in august 9 I couldn't scale above 100 per day and I thought it's because only one creative was doing all the heavy job job okay it's not so heavy job on the 100 don't let's not exaggerate now I'm in the process of testing creative just an advice how to test them effectively rapid fire method um I currently do abo to access 60 creatives on each set same creative different scroll stoppers I'm not sure sure how long should I give them before I judge if it's good or no currently I'm killing everything that spends one time the AOV and has no sales it's a good uh thing if you do it like this uh I think that you will speed up the pro speed up the process if you move with the rapid fire and you start using it um yeah I think it's going to help you yeah for example he is one case that rapid fire could actually help him a lot it's faster you're not spending a lot of money you can easily decide in 24 48 hours if you want to close it because if the first 24 48 hours if you get zero sales then you will have to close it it's a failed thing next one all right uh I will do a few campaigns like the original one um three four times uh so most probably here I told him if you have a campaign which is a CBO with 100 just test it with the same structure your creatives so this is also another acceptable thing uh then I will probably go the dynamic creative ads I saw one of your free course is that uh decent plan dynamic derivative ads are not uh there anymore we have flexible ads and I wouldn't use them uh I know it's difficult to advise without knowing the exact situation but hope makes sense no this is okay for a question uh so basically just go with three to five ads if you do it like this or we go with 10 ads and do the rapid fire I don't have a video yet about rapid fire because I'm gathering data with different accounts and the way that I'm treating it so we're going to see next one Diego Constantinos great video I have a question when launching my black friday cyber money campaigns on the 15th and I have early uh BFCM sale minus 60% off in the headline for example should I change the headline to BFCM sale 60% off on the day of black friday or should I duplicate my winner campaigns like before black friday and make the change there or does not even matter and I stick uh with my campaign where it says early BFCM so yeah so I will tell you what I would do so in most cases I wouldn't care if it says early BFCM and stuff all I would care about it would be to have a BFCM offer which is for black friday and cyber monday which is going to stay there for all of this period without you changing anything gathering data making your campaign stronger and scaling them also at the same time so don't care so much about the messaging there because people care about the offer they don't care about mocking you why it says early while while it's already black friday for example okay next one Konstantinos thank you for that do you recommend going with manual or advanced plus audience I have noticed the CPC and frequency is really high I wouldn't recommend advanced plus audience at all because it expands and it expands a lot like it doesn't respect anything it just expands to the full potential reach so I wouldn't use it at all right now because I think that they need to fix it and start working well across accounts I have never seen someone telling me that it's working well for them the only place that is working is in other accounts that everything is working which is not so just to clarify something when I'm telling you that something is not working I'm not talking to you based on my best accounts that whatever I'm going to do there is going to work because we have to admit that there are other accounts out there that even if you go I'm trying to find an example which is not going to be offensive okay even if you go outside of a surgery room that someone has done has done a brain surgery and he's just like this you know when he comes out and you take him and you roll his face in the keyboard and he doesn't add most probably is going to have good ROAS that's some other accounts out there that they're just having good results because it's a good result an account it has a good product and all of that so when I'm telling you that this thing is not working I'm not telling you based on that I'm telling you based on other accounts that they have decent results or some results and I'm testing things there and you can see the differences there because if you're just testing things in other accounts that they are having very good results no matter what you do or you're testing strategies during Black Friday then you're stupid the same way that you're stupid if you're testing a strategy on a very bad period and you just say that it's not working okay so it needs a little bit of of effort you know and a little bit of better thinking so don't do advanced plus audience because it's not working just use the original for the time being maybe they're going to fix it and it's going to be well next one hi love your videos thank you I have a question should I sign up for meta verification business premium do you think it will have a positive impact on the campaigns I don't know if it's going to influence the positively the campaigns because you will get better quality traffic for instance all I know is that follow my way of thinking it's not going to hurt you it's a small thing to do it doesn't cost a lot and if it helps you will get it also so I don't see why you should not do it for example next one hey Kostantinos how are you I've been watching all of your videos and I'm really enjoying them thank you your content is super insightful I will always look forward to what you're going to cover next keep up the amazing work and we have five questions this is the guy that I was telling you he has five then he went to eight then he went to nine so let's start by one by one one how that how does audience fatigue impact long-term campaigns and what strategies can you use to refresh ads or engage users without completely overhauling the campaign so audience fatigue for me doesn't exist as long as the results are good so if the results are good then I'm not even thinking about it so it's in the human nature a lot of times for people to just say I'm going to touch this campaign to make it better stuff it's not in my human nature because I have seen all of these years that when I touch something maybe it's going to not maybe most of the times it's getting worse so if something is working on Facebook I'm not touching it now there's a very good strategy of actually re-engage as you say with the users so think of it like this in the way that we work in the ad accounts we do several multiple campaigns from different angles the way that we do that is because we want to have different hot pockets so that we're not having overlap between the audiences because yes there is an overlap between the audiences and one campaign can cannibalize the other but if you if you have the same product and you approach it from different angles based on the initial results that the campaign is going to get it's going to optimize for different people hopefully if it doesn't you're going to still see cannibalization but the point here is this if you have a campaign that's having for example one angle let's say for example that it's the angle of happiness and completion and let's say that we have a supplement and it's it's the angle of the gym guy and the angle of completion of achievement that he managed to make a better body and you have this angle and then you go inside and you toss creatives from another angle from women for example that's wrong but if you go inside there and you just want to not close the campaign because it has a lot of data but refresh it a little bit you can throw creatives that are like this close your main ad over there you have a hot pocket already formed there and actually you use all of this data in order to optimize with your other ads that's what i think that you should do in order to revitalize the campaign as long as you're using creatives from the same angle and you don't try to just push creatives from other angles in a hot pocket that has already been formed for a specific angle i hope it makes sense for accounts with limited budgets what's the best way to approach this so sometimes i get the i get it i get it it's a valid question but on the other hand it's it's life is also life okay um if you have smaller but if you have a of 200 dollars and you have only 50 dollars to spend then you have a problem if you're not getting for or as for example when you spend this 50. um i don't know how to answer to that because the reality is that if you don't if you have limited budget and you need a lot of budget to make this work this is life other people that they have the budget they are going to do it yeah and maybe you're talking about the previous one how to approach it you approach it with the same way what's the best strategy for testing different copy variation in ads you already have the option of having five different copies uh inside the ads so there's no um strategy over here because facebook is already doing it for you split testing it uh should you test copy uh one at a time or run multiple variations simultaneously across ad sets i think you're focusing so much on the copy while you shouldn't and you should focus more on the creatives uh you don't need to have so many copies uh working they're not making do you know how i know that because when you break down the results for example in dynamic ads or when you do normal campaigns you're going to see that there's going to be one winner creative that's bringing all the sales and when you see the five copies you will see that the sales are going to be scattered among there are rare cases that you will see one copy standing out and just getting uh all the sales so i know that the copy doesn't matter so much it's what matters most is the creative and the copy that you have inside the creative um you say that the most efficient way to test is with a structure uh that already works on your ad account what do you mean when you say structures ad sets audiences or abo cbo i mean all of that so if you have a cbo with 100 and five ad sets working already in your ad account and you optimize that this is what you should use and if a certain section is working would you only change the creatives yes that's the whole point to have the structure and change all the creative so that you can have only one variable so if this doesn't work you can blame the creatives and not the structure for bmcm campaigns should you target all audiences just the high performance or focus on more specific ones you just target every everyone because that's the whole point of black friday that you are trying to get new clients and clients that they are not familiar with your brand you try to lure them in so that you can also make more money from their lifetime value that they will give along the way that's all i had for you guys that's another podcast coming to the end and i will hope to see you on the next one this is the end of the first part of the facebook ads breaking news podcast if you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where i'm answering all the remaining questions of the week visit my pattern page following the link on the description this was the facebook ads breaking news podcast like it or not it is what it is you