Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Ευχαριστώ, καταφέρας. Είμαι Κωνσταντίνος και αυτό είναι το Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Καταφέρας, καταφέρας.

Είμαι πολύ ευχαριστός επειδή είμαι ότι έχετε πολύ αρέσει τα podcast. I can see from the downloads, I can see from the views on YouTube and everything that you really like them. I see also that you are sending me a lot of questions from time to time.

And today we have a lot of those and we're going to answer all of them. What I'm trying to do most of the time, just so you know, is that I'm trying to answer all of your comments immediately. When you, at least, I can still keep up with YouTube and answer everything.

But I'm also saying that if I feel like the subject needs more of a detailed answer, that I'm going to answer also in the podcast. Now, I have a main topic today that I want to touch, but then I compiled a lot of different questions. So I will try to cover it as fast as I can.

This is one of the few times that I'm going to say that this podcast most probably is going to be a big one. Instead of all the other times that I say, I hope that it's not going to be two hours long, but there's a lot of things that we need to discuss. So today's topic, it's all about broad targeting and why do you need it.

If you want to talk a little bit about what is happening in this period on Facebook ads, I can tell you that I can see that my ads are improving. I'm having better results across accounts and I'm actually very happy for that. And I have some other things which are related to this period, which I'm going to show you with print screens, like a funding opportunity that Facebook is having right now.

So you might want to reach out and see if you can also take it. So stay tuned and let's start with the main topic so that we can get it out of the way and then move to the other things. So the main topic today is about broad targeting.

Why do we need broad targeting with our Facebook ads? So I want to refer a little bit to TikTok. So TikTok right now is having a new algorithm, which is having some interests which are not super specific.

They're super general, like shopping or whatever. And everybody is talking about low CPMs and stuff. But in reality, the TikTok is having low CPMs, but it doesn't have good results because it's a new baby algorithm, which doesn't understand how to focus on the potential clients.

The problem for TikTok, good for us on Facebook ads, by the way, if TikTok becomes better, most probably I'm going to start doing TikTok ads also. Because I'm not the type of guy who's going to say that TikTok is bad. I'm the type of guy that I'm also saying to all the businesses, do TikTok ads.

And so that you can be ready when it's going to become a better platform. But right now the algorithm, at least for an expert like me, doesn't worth it. Okay.

Maybe it's worth it. It's worth it for beginners or whatever. But at the end of the day, I know that if I go later, I'm going to be better than the ones that they are now.

First of all, because I have seen how Facebook evolved with a new algorithm. And believe me, the algorithm of TikTok, it's going on the first baby steps of the Facebook algorithm that we had back in 2008, 2009 or 2010. So the situation is that I know exactly what is going to happen with the algorithm there.

It's just not the time to go there because it's a waste of time for me. But I will go later most probably when the algorithm is going to become stronger and you will need more technical knowledge of understanding it. That being said, the algorithm over there is not so strong because it doesn't have enough data from the people that they have interacted with it.

We will talk a little bit later about ChatGPT, but check, for example, ChatGPT. The version that we had on November, it was much worse from a version that we had a little bit later on December, which everybody talks about now. And the situation is that the more you interact with an algorithm, the better it becomes.

So the same is happening with TikTok, that it understands what the people want, what they buy and so on. So it will become better and better and better. But here on Facebook, we have an algorithm which is actually very good already.

It has all of the interests that we can use, that they're not taken from third parties or whatever. They're being generated inside the platform based on what people like or don't like. And also we have the broad targeting.

Now, I said it multiple times. Broad targeting is the ultimate goal of each account. And broad targeting is the one that is going to help you a lot to scale your accounts because you are going to be able to target much bigger audiences.

You're going to keep them for longer. You're going to be able to scale. But you cannot use it immediately.

This is the issue. I just had a conversation with one of my good fellow clients. And we were discussing about they're already in the United Kingdom and they're doing an expansion in Australia.

And he asked me, so he told me that our audience, for example, in the United Kingdom is women, 25 plus up to 64 only. And we don't target men because we find that the cost per acquisition is four times more. So when we went to Australia, what I did is I did with a new pixel, of course, because we said that when you go to different areas, you need to do different pixels for different demographics.

So what I did is I did interests in order to start, not broad targeting immediately because most of the business owners, they tend to make one mistake. They think that because this thing happened in the United Kingdom, the same thing is going to happen in Australia. Well, let me tell you that this is not the case.

So I did interest targeting and I did in the interest targeting 1865 because it's a new pixel, women and men. So we started from 0.2, 0.3. We continue having results, results, results.

and now we're at the point that we are on 1.2 ROAS. Okay. And we're going to keep trying to make it better and better.

How? Well, I have realized by breaking down the results because we have now this tool again, the breakdown of results. I have realized that they are wrong.

In Australia, the cost per acquisition for men and women is exactly the same. but the algorithm is spending more money on the women. Okay.

Point taken. What am I going to do? I'm going to do in this case a broad targeting targeting women and I'm going to break down also the ages and I'm going to be able to also do the ages that I have seen that they have the better results and the more spending.

That way I know that I'm right but I'm not speculating from the beginning in order to do my broad targeting. I'm just doing this based on data and the breakdown of results. This is why the breakdown of results was important and I was very sad when it was removed after the iOS 14.5 changes.

So, not only for that but also because of the fact that I wasn't able to prove to Facebook representatives that automatic placement is a joke. But anyway, let's not start with that. So, broad is something that you should always look as your end goal of your account.

It's going to help you scale. It's going to help you especially with the way that we use it with the crazy method. And we have done another podcast about the crazy method which apparently you liked a lot.

It's one of my most viewed podcasts. And you have the broad targeting. You have the crazy method.

You can use them together and with the optimization if you master it you will be fine. But the broad targeting is also very important because I have seen that after the iOS changes, before the iOS changes basically, we had first of all more interests that a lot of them have been removed. We have niches that we cannot target with any interest.

So, we need to go to lookalikes or to broad targeting like the Christian niche that we mentioned a lot of times here. Guess why? Because you have clients on it.

And then we have the situation that even in interests, we cannot go anymore to audiences like one, two million, three million. It's very small. We have to go to much bigger interests in order for us to have campaigns.

Even for the crazy method you need broader so that you can scale. As I mentioned several times, the crazy method is a scaling method. It's not a method to begin your ads.

So, the situation is that if you're not able to use interests, you can use lookalikes. But even in the lookalikes, we're using now stacked lookalikes, which I explained in the previous podcast, I believe. In the previous, about lookalikes or two before?

Two, maybe two before. What did we talk about in the previous one? Scaling?

Anyway, I think it was... Anyway, so the situation is that you have lookalikes. and you are trying to do stacked lookalikes.

Why? Because we need broader audiences. And then it goes to the point that you say, okay, let me just do broad just by breaking down my results, seeing the demographics.

But even before breaking the results, you could do it immediately by just following the money, by just seeing where your ads are spending, when they are profitable. And this is what it brought the situation of us saying after the IOS 40.5 that smaller audiences don't work anymore because of the loss of data, of course. and we have to focus more on broad targeting because broad targeting is going to help us a lot to scale and actually being able to have sales.

And of course, all of that means that we are also focusing a lot on letting Facebook do the best thing that it knows to do, optimizing based on the sales that it has. and also we have our pixels, which and the APIs, which are getting trained to the ideal avatar of our clients. So in a broad audience, it's easier for them to find someone if they are trained enough.

Now, as I said, broad targeting, very important. You need to do it. But I disagree with the consolidation method of doing it with just one ad.

I like the crazy method. I like the crazy method of broad targeting. I am showing you accounts here in this channel that they show again and again how crazy method is working with broad.

and I think that it's less risky when you do it. That being said, that's all I had about the broad targeting. And this is why I believe that everybody should use it.

By the way, I was one of the few people that I was using broad targeting before iOS changes because I had the crazy method even back at that point and I was able to actually manage it. But back in these days, people were just targeting with interest and lookalikes and they were never doing broad targeting. It was considered crazy.

And this is one of the reasons that it was named crazy method and stuff because people were telling me crazy. But let me tell you that it was working flawlessly even on that period. But on that period, I had the luxury of actually going and closing campaigns and not campaigns, ads in the first 24 hours.

Which brings me to my next topic, which is... I will try because I have a lot of things to say to go a little bit fast forward today, just to cover everything. The second thing and imagine having more things to say and being able to make this video 30 minutes.

That would be amazing. Anyway, so another thing. So from time to time here in the podcast, it's very good for me because even on my videos, I can be myself.

But over here, I can say things and analyze things that I can explain further without giving any wrong message in the video, liking the videos. So, I had a client which was actually working in a very small country. and I'm monitoring right now the account and I'm seeing that this account is actually having some issues.

Let me explain why. I had some, let's say, conflict with them. Not anything crazy.

Just discussing and disagreeing in certain things. She wanted to do an ad. If it doesn't work in one day, boom.

Close it immediately. Do the next one. And then again and again.

So, I went to the account. She was listening to me for five, six days. And I managed to have one campaign which was having one sale here, not another day and stuff.

But still after that, the fear came to her because it's a new account and stuff. And she forced me to close and stuff. I told her that, look, we cannot operate like this.

You need to let me do my job. And we stopped working. But she told me, I want you to stay on the account.

I want to discuss with you. I said, okay, no problem at all. I understand that she needs to overcome her fears also.

Because to be honest with you, when you enter the Facebook realm, you feel overwhelmed and you are very afraid because it's spending, spending, spending and it never stops. So, what I'm realizing is that she started doing ads on her own and she was doing ads having sale the first day and the second day closing it. First day, second day closing it and stuff.

And I started seeing that, I was telling her that this is a wrong thing to do. She didn't listen. And from having three ROAs, for example, she dropped to 1.3.

Now, in the last five, six days, I see that she has one open. and which this one, because it's also a new pixel and it's unstable, it has one sale the one day, the next day not sale. The next day one sale, the next day not one sale.

The next day not sale, the next one not. And I'm saying, oh, okay, she understood. Facebook made her understand that, look, you cannot have sales every day.

You have to look the average results. And on the average, on this campaign, even if some days it doesn't have sales, it's profitable. So, my suggestion is this.

When you're taking a decision to do a campaign and ads and everything, you need to support this decision. You don't just let your fear overcome and your emotions come, take over and just tell you to close the campaign. Because if you're spending every day 100 to 100, this is going to pile up to a very big number without any profits.

When you are doing a campaign, you need to be able to actually support your decision. and you need to leave it for two, three days in order to optimize it, in order to see if you can make it profitable or not. Because if you don't do that, it doesn't make any sense.

And let me tell you that even back before iOS, you could kill ads back in 24 hours, but now you have also delayed reporting and all of that. And it's a problematic situation. I know that it's not so easy for you to be patient, but I'm telling you this story, so that you can understand that she made more, she made heroise worse by doing that instead of improving that.

And now she's having one ad set that's having this, but I'm sure that if this ad set is going to have two bad days, for example, of not having sales, it's going to close it. and maybe this ad set would have after that for three consistent days sales or it had a delayed reporting, for example, for two days that it wasn't reporting on the ads. So my suggestion is don't touch the ads so fast.

Support your decision. If you take a decision to do pro target, blah, blah, blah, support it. The only reason for you to close it is if you see, for example, that in one of your campaigns, you're having one cost per unique link click and 3% click through rate and you do another campaign and you have $4, $3 cost per unique link click and 0.8 click through rate, then okay.

It means that you're doing something wrong with the targeting. But other than that, you know, you have to go like this. And, you know, support your decision, don't close them.

Only if you see that something is wrong with your targeting, something is wrong with your cost per click and stuff and you're sending much more expensive traffic. Now, in some podcasts, in some podcasts away, I think I mentioned about the situation, about the loophole about a banned ad account. To be honest with you, I'm fed up.

I don't have any banned ad accounts right now with people that I'm working with. I'm really fed up with all the messages from people sending me because apparently that they think that I have a magical solution for them. And I know that by doing this now and sharing this story, most probably, there are going to be people that they're going to send me a message about their banned ad account.

Let me tell you that they can do nothing about it. This is an exceptional situation and I will explain to you what happened and how we took this account back. but don't send me messages.

It's not about the money. Don't ask to give me any money about it and stuff. I can do nothing about it.

Let me tell you how it went with this. Remember, I told you one story about one account that was banned and the person that was the second admin on the ad account, it didn't have two-factor authenticator. So after that, they also restricted her account and she got demoted to an employee position.

So it was a banned admin access account and her account that went to employee status. But after she did the two-factor authenticator, basically she was still unemployed access and the other account that was admin and was the only one that could reinstate here to admin access was banned. So they couldn't do that and it was an endless loop of this person that was actually paying the invoices and everything, not even having access to the credit card or the invoice on the billing section.

So what I did is that all of these years and again, don't send me anything about I'm blocking your accounts. I can do nothing about it. So I have some cooperation with some Facebook reps and this is for me one of the main reasons that you need to talk with the Facebook reps.

The Facebook rep of this ad account, I told her that look, we have this problem, we need to solve it because the customer support was always saying that if you want to ask for the other account, which is the admin, to reinstate you and so on. So the situation is that I talked with a Facebook rep and I told her look, you have to do something about that account, it cannot continue like this. Let me tell you how the story went so that you can have a very clear idea.

This Facebook rep went, a very good person, she went and she put a ticket and said okay this account has this problem, please review it, we have to solve it and so on. This happened two months ago guys, two months ago and then there was some messages from one Facebook rep called Antonia if I remember and I will tell you why I'm mentioning the names. It was Antonia and she was saying okay I'm going to handle this situation and blah blah blah, go there, do this and that, send me an image, send me a video, I'm doing all of that, I'm sending and then she just disappears.

This is very frustrating. Then another person comes, I think his name was Blake and he says okay I need this information, I told you look, I have done this process all over again, take these emails that I sent with Antonia and this is all the situation blah blah, don't ask me again this stupid information just because you are following a template. Of course in a polite way because you know you have to be polite and then this guy says okay and he disappears.

Then we have another guy which is coming, I think his name was Jake, he was sending a message every week saying and I'm having here one of them, it says hi the name of the Facebook rep because the Facebook rep opened the ticket, hope you're well we just wanted to reach back out to you with another brief update on this matter. You say okay I'm going to hear something important. At the moment we're currently still awaiting another response from our internal team as they are currently still investigating the issue for the client.

As soon as they reach back to us, back to, back out to us with, we will send you another update. It's not that I cannot read, they're just very small letters so that I can feel everything. We realise that this is a sensitive issue for your partner and appreciate your understanding.

In the meantime, if you have any further questions please just let me know. Have a great day, kind regards. His name is Matthew, he's another guy after Jake, MetaPro Team, MetaSupport to learn more about supporting your business blah blah visit this and that and that.

So it was always the same template answer which was coming again and again and again every week. So we haven't got any answers blah blah. So and I'm reaching to my to the point that we go and say there are all of these people that they work in the customer support and of course we know that Facebook actually fired a lot of people.

I think I mentioned it in the previous podcast that one of the Facebook reps told me that basically Meta fired a lot of people and guess what most of the people that they got fired they were coming from the customer support department. So all of this is creating a gap and what is it happening. It really matters guys.

So when somebody goes to their work, so when I go to my work every day by the way my bedroom is there and my office is here so as soon as I wake up I come here and I start working immediately. Why? It doesn't matter but I really enjoy my job and I'm not going with the way of saying oh my god what the am I going to see again today.

So there are people I believe in Meta that they just go and they say okay it's another day I'm going to answer all of the emails with template answers. I don't give a about anyone and I'm getting a message that says investigate this account. Okay what does it say in the template?

Okay we really care about your account and we want to give you the best customer support and we know how important it is for you again and again and again the same message and blah. So there might be a person right now on Meta which is going to send 50 or 100 or 1000 emails like this every single day without doing nothing. Nothing.

It's like it's like you go every day to someone and you say good morning. Okay this is your job to say to someone every day good morning. So they just do this and they send templates.

No initiation, not somebody caring about doing anything and stuff and I will tell you why. Because all of the previous people before Matthew, Matthew if you are watching this video, bro thank you very much because you are one of the few people that you actually cared of doing something extra from all the other people that they were just following a template. And then Matthew comes and he's doing the most normal thing in the world.

He says Hi, it says we just wanted to reach back out with you with another brief update on this matter. And he says we have not received any further updates in the previous task which is number blank. I'm not going to say it.

So I have gone ahead and created a new task with the number this in order to contact our specialist once again and ask them to leave the restrictions applied to the user. As soon as they reach back to us we will answer and we will send you another update. So from all of these people on Meta, Matthew, this legend, came out and he said, hmm this ticket is not being served for the past two months.

Should we make another one? Maybe it got stuck. Maybe we can refresh it.

And yes, he did it. And guess what happened after two days? After two days I'm receiving the message.

Hope you are well. Good news. We have received a response from our internal team with an update about this matter informing us that they were able to leave restrictions applied to the USD.

So f***ing simple. Somebody took the initiation of opening another ticket when for two months all these lazy people they were just answering with templates. Somebody took one initiation and it saved one other account from a ban that happened for no reason actually.

There was no reason on the ban. It was just a restriction on the period that we were having all these hacks on the accounts during December, I believe in the big after Black Friday when a lot of accounts got hacked. And another thing that I want to point out here is this.

If you check in the previous email, he says, in order to contact our specialists once again and ask them to lift the restrictions. He's not mentioning over here to investigate the account. I believe that if Matthew went and he was saying like, guys, this is a ticket that I opened for the previous ticket, investigate this account about that.

He's saying that he sent a message saying lift the restrictions. And I believe that another lazy person that came from Meta. All of this speculation by the way, maybe I'm wrong for not for Matthew, for Matthew is perfect, for the other guy.

Maybe the other guy was also another clever person that was working for Meta. And he came and he saw, most probably I believe, he came and he saw lift restrictions. Okay, lift restrictions without even checking.

Because this is what they're doing in Facebook. They're just seeing this. Whatever is something that needs extra initiation and stuff, everybody's afraid of doing it.

For me, this is a very bad structure of actually having leaders or people that are going to be supervisors in teams so that they can take this kind of decisions. And of course, if you fire a lot of people, you are missing a lot of that. But I believe that Facebook right now is having a major issue of lazy people working for it, that they have to be fired.

All of them. And they have to be replaced. And I know that it's not okay for me to say for people to fight.

But all of these motherfuckers deserve it over there. Because they are just going there and they have banned so many, not them, they are not unbanning accounts when they should be banned. Okay, not to mention that I have right now in my Instagram one motherfucker, I don't know from where he is, who is pretending that he is me and he's asking money from other people and they have sent 12 million tickets to Facebook trying to tell them that this is a fake account and they need to do something about it and they do nothing about it.

So the customer support right now on Facebook is zero. And there are just some good people over there that are just good enough to actually do their work like Matthew or the other guy who unbaned the account. So I'm not understanding this.

So Matthew is more clever than other people. No, he's not lazy. That's the issue over here.

Okay, maybe he's more clever. I don't know. Even if I have never met Matthew, I have very good feelings about him.

I don't know. The situation is this. I believe that right now even Google has fired a lot of people after Twitter and Elon Musk.

I believe that in these very big major corporations after some point there are just some people that you go to the office and you watch a guy over there in the corner and you say what the is his job? What is he doing every day? You know, you have this kind of people that are just like ghosts in this company that they do nothing.

How do I know it? I used to work in corporate businesses where we had people that we we couldn't understand what is their job. And most of the times in all of the departments it's just one or two people that they're actually doing all of the work and all the others just sitting there.

So that's the situation. What can we take out of this? A lot of things.

First of all, you have to go. If you are working in a business and you are working... By the way, this account got banned because one Facebook page got restricted.

This other account was there as an admin in that page. The owner of the page wasn't banned and the person that was an admin got restricted from advertising. In his personal ad account on a business manager.

So what do we learn from that? If you're a person that you're doing ads for someone else, if you're an agency, you don't go with your personal mail as a personal business, as a personal profile to advertise there. You create a business and you share your partner ID.

Second thing, you don't take admin access on the pages. Not anymore if you advertise for them. You just take access for doing ads.

You don't need to be an admin. Third thing, you need to have a backup plan. You need to have two, three ad accounts.

Your wife, your mother, your girlfriend, your boyfriend, whoever. You need to be able to have multiple ad accounts and do it now. Just create one, start adding friends and stuff so that you can have a several, another ad account that you can work with when something happens.

And last thing, it really depends on the person that is going to see your ticket. If this person wants to work that day, he f***ed his girlfriend yesterday very well and he's happy. His wife has not divorced him three days ago.

He didn't have a car accident. He got, he has a date after the work and he's happy. All of that.

So it really depends on the person that's going to see your ticket. So keep trying. Keep trying.

In this case, it took two and a half months. And imagine that in, this is why I'm saying to everybody contacting me, contact the customer support. I can do nothing about it.

And contact it again and again and again and again until you find a Matthew. And when you find a Matthew who is going to care about it, he's going to help you and you're going to take it back eventually. Because in this case, it took two and a half months.

Okay, two and a half months of stupid emails. And guess what happened? I wasn't even excited at the end.

I saw it and I said, hmm, nice. If this has happened one week after the ban, I would say, nice, nice and stuff, I would celebrate. Now it just became such a big routine and I got tired of this subject so much that they didn't care at the end of the day.

I didn't care. I didn't care because I found other solutions about this banded account in order to work with. Anyway, at least now the situation is solved and the client got his account back.

Now, I had a discussion with one of my friends, Panagis, and he was asking to me something. I'm very proud that my new fellow employee, Marios, I actually answered. So, Panagis, Marios, you up really on that and he knows better Facebook ads than you.

So, what happened is that we had over here a discussion about, he was telling to me, I'm doing ads and then I'm realizing after some point that when I'm having results with one specific ads or whatever, that the cost per click is becoming more expensive and the CPMs are more expensive to that and I don't really like that because my client is telling me that the traffic is more expensive and everything. And to me, the answer is very clear. To Marios, apparently, the answer was very clear but to other people that I asked, it wasn't clear.

So, think of it. Do you understand why this is happening? You can pause the video.

I'm not going to give you more time. If you want to think of it, you know, you can think of it, you know, if you want to do a test to yourself, think of it and pause the video, think of it and let's see if this is the answer. So, let's go on the answer.

The answer is this. Think of it like this. Is it the same to have a store in the Fifth Avenue in New York and having a store in Harlem, which I think in Harlem is where Mike Tyson came out.

Is it right? Yeah, I think there was a Greek coach Steve Yadroglou who was saying that that this is the area that Mike Tyson came out and the only thing that you know over there is fighting, you know. So, I think that, you know, it's not the same thing to have a store in Harlem and not the same thing in having a store in Fifth Avenue and you're going to pay more.

The same thing, guys, is happening with Facebook ads. After some point, if you're optimizing for purchases, your cost per click is going to be higher, your CPM is going to be higher just because Facebook is optimizing to better quality traffic and in the better quality traffic that you're going to have over there, you're going to have better results. So, the thing is that it's totally normal for this to happen and this is why we don't check the cost per click after 20 days of results for a group.

We check on the ROAS and the cost per purchase. It makes total sense. Now, discussing this with my friend Jonathan, who most probably is watching this podcast while he is eating his lunch.

Hi Jonathan. I hope that I'm going to convince Jonathan actually I'm exposing him here so that he can come to this podcast because when I'm doing these discussions with him, he's actually taking me one step further. So, I wrote this in order to mention it in the podcast but with discussion with him, he told me and why it's not happening on on retargeting for example.

Okay, why it's not happening on retargeting Marius? Pause the... No, I'm not going to pause it.

I'm going to explode. I'm going to expose you. I'm going to...

We're going to see how long it's going to take you to answer. Because it's probably... has already found the customer, the audience and it's just retargeting.

It's not searching for high quality ones. Okay, but if you see most probably most of the times when you see the retargeting, you will see that for example you might see that the cost per unique link click is very expensive but the rose is very good and you also see that in this case the CPM is not higher, the CPM is lower. Why the CPM is lower in retargeting?

The cost per click is more expensive, okay? And it makes sense. It's more expensive because it's less people.

But why it's... It's the CPM is actually lower. If you see all of the retargeting with the Opener account, you will see that the CPMs are retargeting that it's always lower.

Because maybe the customers have already intention of buying. What does it say? Not much.

Not much, okay. So for the same reason that the cost per click is expensive, for the same reason the CPM is actually lower. Okay, because you have a very small pool.

You have a very small pool of people that all of them are actually over there as intended customers. Okay, do you understand it? So it's not the same of finding...

The CPM is rising because on a very big audience of 20 million people, Facebook is trying to actually find some good leads inside there. It's more difficult when you do it with 20 million people. It's easier when you do it with 50 000 people.

Okay. No, finding inside over there that. So and of course 50 000 people of the people that came from cold traffic.

Okay, so it's easier there to find more people so the CPM is lower. But the click is higher because it's a very small audience. Okay.

Does this make sense? Okay. So if you analyze it like this guys, you understand why the CPMs are different than the clicks.

So what do we want to understand from all of this discussion? We don't care about the CPMs after some point. Okay, it's a good indication to see for example that in the last seven days my CPMs are rising.

Is it going to affect my ROAS? Okay. But at the end of the day...

You can cough if you want, now everybody knows that you're here. Anyway, so the thing is that after some point we have to look on the ROAS guys. Okay.

And we cannot just expect to see the CPMs and everything. And let me tell you that CPMs is total BS when it comes to evaluating the results. And this is why if you talk with someone who is doing TikTok ads, they're going to talk to you about how low are the CPMs.

And when you ask them about the ROAS, do you know what they say? It's a new platform, you know, all this kind of stuff. So when you see people focusing on clicks, CPMs and stuff and not focusing on ROAS and cost per purchase and stuff, most probably they're marketeers that they're trying to hide something out of you.

Okay. Or they're clients that they have been poisoned by watching videos that they explain it like this so that they can, you know, tell to someone that, look, I cannot get you better ROAS, but I can get you better traffic. It doesn't matter.

Facebook is also doing it with traffic campaigns. Okay. Now, and by the way, if the ultimate goal is to go to better clicks and so you can do traffic campaigns, you will have lower CPMs.

It doesn't mean anything guys, after some point. It's good to watch them on the first two days in order to decide if you want to keep something, if your campaign is moving to the right direction. and that's it.

Now, I wanted to say something about, I was watching one, based on that, basically, it's actually a very good opportunity to cover this first. So, there is a, there is a, it was a post I think on Instagram, it says, complexity your ad account will kill your results and says, wait, who's been hearing that your ad accounts need to be complex. Every article, YouTube video, tweet, LinkedIn post from every Facebook ads guy says you need to consolidate and simplify your account.

Even Facebook says that lol and says, so here we have the first mistake. We don't say that, we don't do that. We have very good results and I will come in a little bit.

why is saying about simplifying. Second, then the guy replies and says, 98% of brands I speak with that got burned in the past by answers running their ads. Total fake bullshit.

Most of the campaigns that I meet, they are running simplified ads because of people like him. And let me tell you what is happening here. First of all, if you run simplified consolidated ads, which is something that Facebook is actually proposing, then you're having no option B and C.

You're just saying to Facebook, give me some results or kill me. Okay. So, you don't have plan B, C, D and F.

Second thing, it's very convenient for them guys. When you're working with an agency and I can tell you by the way, I'm not going to expose their names and stuff because I don't want to give them cloud because they're idiots. I can tell you the same thing that I meet all the time people that they come to me and they say that they got burned by agencies.

I just received one message from one person that found me from YouTube. The message said, I got burned by three agencies so far. I want to work with you.

So, the agencies have this structure. Why? It's very easy guys to have 10 employees, a lot of accounts and tell them in every account you will do the same thing.

This structure here and there. Actually, this video is going to be out on Friday most probably. Two days before on Wednesday, right now I finished the editing with my editor.

I'm going to launch one video which is going to be called Facebook Ads Philosophy for 2023 where I analyze several ad accounts all of the different methods that we use and you can see that it's more complex. What it would be easier for me to have one structure to all of the ad accounts just do one main ad. I think that their structure is one ABO with two, three ads inside testing.

Some even do one ABO with one ad set and several ads inside to test. Then they do another campaign which is just a simple campaign with one ad set consolidating and everything or Advantage Plus. And at the end of the day, let me tell you why.

Because it's very easy to have 10 employees and 20 accounts that they all of them they have the same structure. It doesn't matter if they are in different businesses, in different niches or whatever. This is what they want to do.

Because for them they don't care about the results, they care about the volume of the accounts. They want to take more accounts. Some of them are going to stay, some of them are going to leave.

It's fine. The reason that they are doing it is because it's less work. It's less work to operate like this, but let me tell you that okay, in some accounts it's going to work, but in some accounts it's not going to work.

What are you going to do then? Are you going to still keep pushing the same idea again and again and again of consolidating? It doesn't work.

What are you going to do? Nothing. You're going to blame the business and you're going to say that it's because of the business.

Well, I'm showing in this previous video that I mentioned that there are different cases. For example, in one of them I'm using consolidation. I'm using Advantage Plus because it's working better there.

In another one I'm using stacked look-alikes with crazy method because it's working better. It's all about having different strategies and being able to implement it in order to crack the code and see what is working or what doesn't. And there are going to be easy accounts and there are going to be difficult accounts.

There are going to be easy accounts that they have such strained pixels and they are so focused in specific niche market that they are going to work even with whatever you're going to do and they're going to be different accounts with different niches or different products that they are more competitive like makeup for example. And over there you need to do more efforts with more complex accounts. But yes, complex accounts can work if you know what you're doing.

If you don't know what you're doing, yes, consolidation is a very safe way of going. Eventually you will find something working. But if you want to scale, you cannot scale with consolidation.

You cannot. You cannot simply scale with consolidation. It just doesn't work.

And the same way that he's saying that 98%, by the way, when you see the number 8 in something, most probably this person is lying. Okay? Why not 95?

Okay? Why don't you make it? When somebody is not putting a round number, he's lying about it.

It's just 98. It's just a number that he got out of his head. So, and he's saying got burned in the past by amateurs running their ads.

You are the amateur here. That you are running ads like a VA. Where's your expertise?

Running ads with one campaign and consolidation? Is this your expertise? Where the f*** is your optimization?

Scaling the budget a little bit down, up and down. Come on guys. So, that's the situation with all of these agencies out there.

Because I also meet people, my friend, that they tell me that they got burned by agencies, by two, three agencies. And then they come to me and their account is working. I have accounts that I am showing inside my business manager.

In the previous video, the ones that they have seven ROAS and eight ROAS, I believe, that I saw, oh no, seven and six ROAS. And these accounts were spending, if you see the previous months, 30k with an agency and they couldn't scale them. Why?

Because they were doing one ad. How are they going to scale? Okay, it was spending 1k per day.

How are you going to do more? So, anyway, it really annoys me when there are people that they, there are people that they pretend that they are experts, but they don't have enough ad accounts to prove it. Okay?

And to be honest with you, I see rarely YouTube channels showing ad accounts. Everybody's about theory, theory, theory, theory. They talk about theory, you should consolidate and start, show us one other account.

Show us. How did you do it? How did you scale?

I'm showing the crazy method and stuff and I'm showing you that I scaled it like this. Show us, show to us one other account that you scaled it with consolidation and tell us, I was doing nothing, I was just scratching my balls and every day I was increasing by 100 or 200 dollars and eventually I managed to spend 150k. I would love to see something like this.

I have never seen it. Okay? Unless if we have such a strong account which is going to do it, but I highly doubt it.

Anyway, just try to do some work, okay guys? I'm not going to pretend that I'm... Anyway, I'm not going to tell you how many hours per day I'm working, but don't try to make millions by just working one hour per day.

It doesn't make any sense. Now, to whoever is going to listen and to whoever is just a hustler that wants to, you know, make money without doing anything or just delegating the job to someone else because they think that they are smarter than the others. Now, let's go to another thing.

I was watching one of these guys. He was making a post and he was talking about how JudgeGPT is never going to replace the copywriters and all of that. The way that he was talking, it was...

you could smell like a wolf the fear, the fear that he had, okay? And he was so afraid of JudgeGPT. He was saying inside his head, we are f***ed up.

What the f*** are we going to do now? We have JudgeGPT, we're not going to work anymore. And he was trying to say that JudgeGPT is not good enough and you need the copywriters and everything.

Yeah, but do you know what is going to happen with the AI? And I don't want to be a boomer over here. Yesterday, by the way, I learned that I'm called a millennial based on my age.

But I really like the boomers more. So, what would a boomer say? That these are bad things and they are going to replace the humans and stuff?

What I would say is that these are things that we need to embrace. Because right now, from what I see is that, first of all, coding from real coders is going to go away. Do you know what is going to happen?

You're going to have coders that they create good AI's that are going to create good code. So, the game now is going to be transitioning to whoever is going to have the best AI. And we need to actually be the people that we're going to focus on the AI because the AI is coming here.

Now, all of these people that are are afraid of AI. They are these people that are just doing tasks that everybody can do. And they're not experts.

Because the way that I see it is this. Am I afraid that an AI is going to come and do better Facebook ads than me? No.

There are people though that are going to say that AI's are going to replace us and so on. What I'm saying is that I'm going to learn this AI so good that I'm going to use it in order to do Facebook ads better because I have the technical knowledge and I'm not afraid. I'm very sure of myself and my skills.

But all of these other people that are just doing consolidated methods like the previous guy, just being VAs and doing nothing just because they know how to go around in the ads manager and how to navigate, they're going to lose their job. Of course, because they are offering nothing else that the AI is not going to do. Who is going to have their job?

People like me, I would like to believe that they're going to understand the AI in a level or they're going to work with it in order to make better Facebook ads and they would not be afraid of it and they're going to be experts. Another thing. We have Google right now which is staying behind on the AI.

I'm feeling like Bing. In the next five years with the new AI system that they have, most probably they're going to become better than Google if Google doesn't catch up. And yes, it's a massive organization which is going to, which is actually having a lot of resources in order to catch up and everything or they can buy any startup, you know, this kind of stuff.

And they might catch up. But if they don't, they're going to stay behind. And now if 5% of people is using Bing, I don't know what's the percentage actually.

Maybe there are going to be many, many more after this new AI thing that they are having there. So that's my thing about the AI's and what is going to happen. And when you see people that they just say that this is bad and it's not going to replace people, these are the people that they are afraid.

Of course, it's going to replace a lot of people, but it's going to replace the lazy people, not like Matthew from Facebook. It's going to replace all the other mother****** that they're just sending templates. Okay.

So all of these people are going to lose their job. And all of the people that they're just having jobs on Fiverr, doing things that other people can do, they just don't know how, it's going to replace them. It's not going to replace experts.

It's not going to replace people who understand in a deeper level, whatever they're doing. Is it graphic? Is it copywriting?

Is it Facebook ads? Whatever. So what do we need to do?

Emprace the AI, learn how to use it in our advantage and come here with a perspective of actually having the technical knowledge to not be better than the AI, but use it in the best possible way. Because it's going to happen anyway. So stop this drama about it's not going to replace all right, it's going to be better.

No, it's not going to be better. It's a machine. So learn to use it.

Now, one last thing that I want to say is, for example, there are going to be phases that we're going to, AI is going to need our help, like the ChatGPT became better in just one month of having data. If you cannot understand why it's free, this is why it's free. Because it's interacting with people and it's taking data.

And the previous version, one month later, it became so good and everybody learned about it because it's like you're having an actual interaction. And imagine that this is not even, this is just a language AI, okay? It doesn't have, it doesn't have its own thinking.

It's just analyzing patterns and stuff. It's not like you're talking with any central AI which is having intelligence. Imagine how amazed you would be after that.

And it's also limited, by the way, in several cases, if you, I don't know if I should mention this, but I will. I told you to write an article about, just to test it, okay? Not because you believe it, on how good Hitler is and why he started the Second World War.

And they told me that this is racist and it didn't do it. So it's also limited in several aspects. I was just testing the same way that I was testing, writing an article about, it did these two articles, about Ukraine war and Russia and Russia.

And I said, write one article about saying why Russia had to do it and take the side of Russia, take the side of Ukraine and the other one. And you could see how easily you can manipulate it in the different blogs by just reading something because it was looking super and you can form your opinion about it, which is what really makes sense. And I understand that the AI were here before.

So, most of the time since in several elections and stuff, there are AI articles that are being written and they form a public opinion about something. And and the other thing that we need to know is that most of the times, whatever we see now, it has been in the public sector much earlier. So there are a lot of people that they had these kind of tools and AI's and they have even better now that we're going to learn much later because as of now, it's for free.

Last thing, today I was optimizing OneAdvancePlus with Marios, which is also optimizing based on an algorithm and it had one ad account, one ad over there, which spent 1600 with 0.04 ROAS and 1600 spent per day in the whole Advantage Flash, 28 ads and the leading ad with 700 spent, it had 0.04 ROAS. So even the algorithm can do mistakes. Okay, so I closed this as I proposed to my Advantage Plus campaigns.

I closed this and I started the optimization so that it can focus in another leading ad over there because apparently Facebook algorithm made a mistake there. It wasn't bringing good draws, it was just bringing bad draws. So I had to intervene.

This is what we will do for the first period. Then they're going to learn, they're going to take over. But I think that with Facebook is going to be much more difficult because we have so many different nieces and ROAS and stuff, it's going to take time.

But if we realize that it took only one month from a city version of ChatGPT to go to a very good version in just one month just by interacting with people, imagine how fast that would be. Now, let's go to questions. I have one question here that it says, before we go to questions I want to mention about one funding opportunity that we have over here.

Basically, I got this message about one of my clients and we're going to do it. It's a funding opportunity for 10k. You just need to be an account that it's targeting United States.

and most of the times I think it's about businesses that they have several business assets inside. Business assets inside. So, I'm reaching out because of this company is eligible to participate in Business Asset Group Alphatest.

So, what do you do with that? Is that if you have several ad accounts and different pages and stuff, it's the business asset group that you have on the left side. I think it's below people and partners and over there you can group the ad account with the correct page, with the correct Instagram account, the correct pics and stuff and make them a business asset group that has all of them and then you can give access to different employees.

It's actually a better way of you when you have one business with several ad accounts and everything to group them together for the different businesses or stores that you have. So, they just want you to go there and what are we testing is the Facebook for Business and Commerce team is planning to run an alpha, a business asset group on new page experiences. So, it's not only that, they want you to test that, they want you also to go from classic page to new page experience which is how the new pages are looking now.

They try to make them from classic pages to new page experience. To be honest with you, I don't like the new page experience. Maybe I'm a boomer on that because I'm used to the previous one but I really don't like it to be honest with you.

But it has nothing else. This is all I know. Just ask your Facebook representatives if you have one, that's the only way to go through it and tell them that hey, I have seen that there is...

I'm also going to put a print screen over here of the message so that you can show them how it looks. Maybe they will find it like this. But for sure, I told you that in this channel whenever I see a funding opportunity, it's 100% funded.

It's going to be for some limited people. So, go and ask maybe some of your Facebook reps are good enough to take you in. And the other thing that I want to say is that they ask you not to do ads.

They just want after some point that you run it to give them a feedback about it. This is what I understood so far. I haven't discussed with the Facebook rep.

We just told them that yes, we will take your money. Which is not their money actually. They just give you credit.

But anyway, just something that you should investigate with your Facebook rep. Let's go to question. How much time do we have now?

One hour. Whoa, it's going to be two hours long. Okay.

So, it says, you've mentioned if you try to sell a mug for $10 and you have 50% growth margin, which is a $5 profit, you can't use Facebook ads anymore. And I agree. Good.

But what do you think is the lowest cost per purchase for US e-commerce and can still be profitable? Do you have to be at least on 25 profit per purchase or higher? What is the average?

So, I must say this. It doesn't go with the money necessarily. It goes with profit margin as a percentage.

One safe percentage is 60%, something that they have seen with several companies. The lower you operate with your profit margin, the higher your average order value it should be. 60% is very safe when you sell one product.

When you are trying to sell several products and stuff, you can have average higher average order value and you can have lower profit margins. At the end of the day, as I said, Facebook doesn't care on how much money it spends on giving you one client and if this client is going to spend one million into your store, it's going to spend five dollars on the store. For them, Facebook says, I gave you a client.

Okay, so that's it. I answered that. Let's go to the next one.

Thank you for the great video. Thank you. It inspired me to try it out.

However, I was looking for an option to bulk upload multiple videos. The Meta website says, you can add up to 50 images or videos at one time. However, I need help finding this option.

I can only upload one video at a time and copy that ad. Would you happen to know how to upload multiple videos at once without a catalog? Do you know it?

You don't know it, huh? No. So, what Facebook is referring here is very simple, guys.

I wouldn't suggest you to do it because I can tell you that it's going to bug your browser if you do it. Especially with videos, it's going... I don't know what kind of connection you have.

I have 100 gigabytes here. But even if I have one, I believe that the browser is going to crash and it crashed. and when you're gone, you create dynamic videos.

You don't have to upload one by one. You can pick a lot of them. So, when you pick upload, it uploads them.

The problem is that the more you pick, the more it's crashing your browser. So, there's no option like audiences that you can upload audiences. There's no option to go in any place and just upload videos and images in somewhere on Facebook.

There's a content area over there, but it doesn't work. You just drag and drop them. Yeah, you can just go and most probably this person cannot actually upload them because he is going to a single ad without using the dynamic creative option.

When you're using the dynamic creative option, when you go to upload, it lets you to upload a lot of them together. The same happens with the the casual. By the way, this was, I found this by mistake.

I don't know when it went live because I'm sure about six months ago you could not upload a lot of things together in just a dynamic ad. So, yes, you can do it. If you do it, be ready for your thing to crash.

So, another thing that I want to tell you is this. I have actually calculated because I'm doing a lot of ads. So, I'm trying to find the most efficient way.

I have actually calculated with 10 videos uploading them like this and because I have the same videos to upload on United States and on United Kingdom account, I said, okay, I'm going to do this test. So, I did dynamic ads, 10 videos and I upload them all together in the dynamic ad and then I upload them one by one and I took the timer. Okay, I took the timer and I could tell you that it was one hour faster to do them one by one because the other one it was it was blocking all of them.

It's like when you go and you upload on your Google Drive a massive let's say one massive video of one giga and then you upload next to it one which is 200 megabytes. It's going to go much slower instead of uploading just the 200 megabytes because from my understanding Facebook is not doing video one all of effort there. Video two, video three, it's giving all of the resources of what you're uploading time to all of the videos at the same time which is f***ing up the process and one of them of this video is going to be a smaller one is going to be bigger and so on in terms of gigabytes and it's going not going to upload properly.

If Facebook is going to make a process that's going to say all of the resources to one video then to the next then to the next then to the next then to the next then it's going to upload properly but right now I feel like it's giving especially if you do it with 50 I guess it's going to be like the era of 2000 that we were that we were uploading things on Windows XP and you would see more than one year for example okay things like that but I can tell you that you should not do it like this do them one by one it's it's faster 100 faster then let's go to the next one. Thanks for the vid. I'm new to thank you for watching I'm new to Facebook ads so I'm wondering that what if I create an engagement campaign to boost one of my posts and then use the post id which has a lot of likes comments and share in with my ads.

Most probably this is coming from the video that I was doing about the post ids and how it can help you scale. Or do I have to follow your methods in your video get my winning post and use it in my campaigns. Is this is it the only way to obtain the post id which works well?

Thanks. So what you're proposing here is defeating the whole purpose. What is the idea over here to have a wrong not wrong engagement to have some boosted engagement just so that we can have likes and everything or to have actual engagement from actual people.

So the concept and the idea is this you should not do an engagement ad just to get some engagement because let me tell you that most of the times people are not watching the likes with engagement you're going to get likes maybe stupid comment or whatever. Most of the times in post ids people are watching the comments and when the comments are coming from purchases and so on then you can see actual comments there that they are helping you to pass the level of credibility and for more people to buy. So no, I would use only post ids that are coming from conversion ads and they wouldn't try to boost them with engagement because it's like you're trying to cut corners over here and go fast way.

It really reminds me of the way of running ads five years ago that we were having video ads and we were running ads only in Pakistan and India to boost it and have a lot of views and then we were retargeting people with 95% video view but there was nobody there to convert actually. Super outdated method that it never worked. I don't know why people actually why people actually were proposing it but most of them were dropshippers so yeah.

So don't do any engagement ads just do conversion ads and then use those. Now let's go to the next one. Uh interesting story at the beginning.

How drastic the performance difference between a new pixel and the warm up pixel? Do you have a benchmark in terms of spend of conversions? What do you use to determine if a pixel is warmed up or not?

So there are a lot of times the discussion about the trained pixels and and how they are trending. So the trained pixels are actually the main thing about trained pixels is the stability guys. So a lot of discussions about it.

I have it also in my course that when you have one item store it can be 200-300 sales that are going to be enough for a pixel. When you are having a store which is having just one niche maybe 1 000 sales across all of your products. When you have one store which is going to be, I don't know, several niches and several products maybe you need 10 000 sales in order for you across all of the products and across all of the niches in order to be trained.

But over there we talk about a pixel that it could sell anything. and of course it can become better and better after that point. The situation is this.

When you're starting with a new ad account you are seeing what I was talking about earlier which is all about having a pixel which is having a result one day, the next day no, the next day yes, the next day no and you're having this instability. You start realizing after some point not only raw as wise but also in terms of results that your pixel is more stable. Your pixel is getting better results but it's getting also more stable results.

Your campaigns are not dying super fast. You can maintain them for a longer period and so on and so on. This is how you understand if a pixel is trained or not.

And then you start testing also things like look-alikes. You start testing look-alikes and you see that the look-alikes are working while when you started they didn't work. Then you start doing broad targeting and you see that it's working.

And this is how you define how a pixel is trained or how it's not trained. Basically it's it's a feeling that you have after some point that yeah I can count on my pixel. I can do broad targeting.

I'm not afraid of doing broad targeting because I know that it can find right people. And I can feel that that I'm not doing it but let's say I can leave my ads unattended for one day. Nothing strange is going to happen about it.

So we have the situation of all of this feeling that yeah I can trust my pixel. Yeah my campaigns are not dying so fast. I can keep them for longer.

I can optimize them in a CBO campaign and they are going to perform well after that. All of that means that you are having a trained pixel. And yes it can the difference can be huge rows wise and it can be huge because imagine that with an untrained pixel you cannot do broad targeting.

You're just trying to find ideal customers with with a trained pixel you can do whatever you want actually okay. And it's a trained pixel also forgives mistakes. If you make mistakes you can easily overcome them.

If you have a bad day just because Facebook is having a bad day with a trained pixel you can overcome it. Let's say that you have two bad days because of something happening with Facebook your campaigns are going to die with an untrained pixel. with a trained pixel they are going to recover or some of them are going to survive whatever.

Also let's say that you make one campaign you are scaling a little bit and you are seeing drop on rows with a trained pixel if you lower the rows if you lower the spending maybe you will see that they are recovering. With an untrained pixel it's gone. You know you have to start all over again.

Now this is why we propose the crazy method. Another guy Johnny here. Great video just one question to clarify.

I have four images and four videos. I should run one Advantage Plus with the four videos and one separate Advantage Plus with the four images. Thank you for the great content.

Thank you for watching. So Johnny, most of the times we say that we want to run separately images and videos especially in Advantage Plus because in Advantage Plus in comparison to CBO Advantage Plus are focusing mostly on one creative. The problem is that and it's unfair because okay in a CBO you might go over it and you might run them together but still I don't suggest it.

The main reason is this. The initial point that Facebook is going to have in order to optimize your campaign is that it's going to take immediately the engagement. So the engagement is the first critical thing that Facebook is going to see in order to understand if your creative is good or bad and what is going to happen is that they are going to see if somebody is engaging with your ads or not and they're going to define if it makes sense to spend more money to it.

The algorithm is going to do it not Facebook and basically with videos it's much easier for this to happen because in when you scroll down the autoplay is actually an engagement while in Images you have to click or share or whatever. I was discussing with Mario Serious about why then catalogs are doing better because because it's a Carousel and the Carousel everybody's playing with that this is an engagement when you play to see the different images but with video it's even better from Carousel because at the end of the day you can have one autoplay over there which is considered engagement anyway even one second of somebody watching. So I would separate them not for any other reason just to give them a fair chance because to my eyes if you put an image with a video together and an ad it's like you put me to run with Usain Bolt and you expect me to win.

It's not going to happen unless if Usain Bolt has a very tragic accident during the race and I managed to pass and go. This is the same thing that it can happen with an image in order to overcome a video something crazy has to happen okay I don't know maybe a bolt a lighting bolt hitting bolt so that he can stop running and I can win him anyway. So let's go to the next one.

I think this is a message that I got on Instagram it says I'm experiencing an issue with my Facebook and I'm concerned that the account gets banned I lose my pixel data how would you suggest on backing this up watching while doing car okay so this one it was about a person that talked to me and he had an issue with his Facebook page score so the situation here is that if you have a bad Facebook page score you cannot do much because he was afraid of getting banned and everything what I proposed to him is that you need to have a second business that you have another ad account you need to share the pixel that you have in this business with another one you need to have several Facebook pages that you're going to run ads from and not from one Facebook page if you see that the score is bad just change the Facebook page so because if you get banned you're going to lose also your pixel and let me tell you that these bans that they are happening because of page score you're not getting back your account for sure because you're considered threat for the community so the page score is being dictated after Facebook is doing a survey and it's asking for people if they're happy or whatever and if they answered no most of the times the problem is the shipping time just so you know and he was also a dropshipper you can increase on the page quality score the time of shipping so that Facebook is going to ask the question later and maybe the people have received their product and you won't have any issue with that because basically Facebook is asking are you happy if somebody hasn't received their product they will say no okay so your quality score is dropping and you need to take care of that so for me most important thing is if you have a strong pixel do another business your mother your father whoever your girlfriend and share the pixel with this new there do several pages do several Facebook pages and also there try to advertise from other pages if you see that the page score is dropping on one because and don't try to just recover it just try to go on another page until it recovers on the other one and the last thing is of course try to have a legit business and legit business time set everything so that you won't go to that last thing that they have never seen on my own but i know that there are people that are doing it is that they they are people that you're paying and they can increase your page score i don't suggest this kind of stuff because there are a lot of scammers that they can take advantage of you but i can tell you that i have one or two legit people that they told me that they have done it and it worked for them because there are apparently people with a lot of accounts that they can do a lot of reviews and they can improve it in my opinion if something is happening and you are on 2.9 score for example try with another page until you increase it because i have seen pages dropping super fast after that point also i think that on this even if Facebook doesn't say it you're penalized you're having lower quality traffic and this might cause uh less quality traffic on your ads which means less conversions next one uh can we use a pixel that has data from uk us and uk and canada and use it in europe or another country i mean can we do lookalikes in europe if the pixel has data from four from big four canada us uk for example now um the demographics on the different countries are completely different and you should be careful with that how do we know it first of all we know that the different ad accounts and the different pixels they have completely different results when you use them to other ad accounts okay so this is why we suggest to have different pixels for the different countries now if you want to start from somewhere what you could do is this you could take this pixel that has this data and use the high society lookalike method you can do a worldwide lookalike from the data that you have from the pixel and go on the asset level and target with the country that you want in order to see if it's going to work if you go immediately from the pixel and you create an audience uh the the rule here and what facebook says is this that in order for you to create a lookalike in a specific country you need to have at least 100 events from the event that you want for example if you want to have a purchase lookalike audience you need to have at least 100 sales if you want to do it on belgium for example to have 100 sales from belgium in order to create a lookalike for belgium from from a pixel that is working on canada or whatever so most probably you won't be able to do that another workaround that you can do it but maybe even if you do it the potential it is going to be very small is to create a worldwide lookalike from the pixel that you have do your ad set and inside there target the country that you want like belgium and stuff and try to test it in other words just using a pixel that has zero data from belgium or france and just because it has data on on canada you cannot do it because at least you couldn't do it i don't know if it changed in the last month but you couldn't do it because it was asking for 100 events from this specific country if you wanted to do it there next one i launched our first campaign yesterday i got an email from meta saying approved and it shows active in ads manager but it's been 24 hours and zero repression zero spend something wrong or this is normal it's not normal um basically guys the reason that i'm putting this comment is this um i cannot smell my fingers and understand what is happening it could be one million reasons uh after discussing with this person i realized that she was using cost caps and this is why it wasn't spending but you know most of the times people are coming and they are saying it's not spending and stuff i know that most probably that they have done something wrong and the other time it was a guy that he was targeting a wrong country but they cannot come just say are you targeting a wrong country are you doing this and that i cannot come and just focus in one million different reasons that you can uh or one different million mistakes that you could make if you're running first of all you're a beginner why are you running cost caps there are people that are doing ads for five years and they have never touched cost caps okay so relax relax a bit secondly i'm seeing also messages from people from people sending me and they say that there's a new regulation in the eu there's a guy from croatia i think in my group and he says that he he is not having spend the stuff i'm sure that this is not the case because i'm running cuts in other eu countries and there is no issue most probably he's doing mistakes in his ads is he using cost cap is he using current country uh is he using one day attribution and it cannot have sales um does he have limits uh i cannot imagine what else uh but it can be one million reasons seriously guys um another thing uh quote facebook pausing your uh okay um now uh i have uh also one short that i made uh and i'm saying that you should not close your ads for the weekend uh if you are having bad results and i was referring to one of my clients saying that they have a problem with their crm and that they told me that they we should close the ads uh because for eight hours the crm wasn't going to work and i said no we're not going to close the ads because uh we're not going to lose all the optimization for eight hours just soak the damage and the same thing is the discussion that i'm having with some people that they say i don't like weekends i want to close my ads and open them again and everything happening and they have the example that they say that um you cannot do that because it's the same situation as you say that i'm married and i just want to take a divorce for two days go to the caribbean with some girl and come back and everything is going to be fine no it's not going to be like this because you have optimized and you should not leave them so long story short you should not close your ads and this guy is saying quote facebook so he's bringing facebook to to to actually telling me that you are wrong uh i don't want to mention here uh herman that i don't follow 90 of what facebook says and believe me it's it's going super well for me so it says pausing your ad set for seven days or longer the ad set sets uh renders the learning phase once you impose the ad set no re-optimization of ad set if you only pause for two days on the weekend total bs total bs i don't care if facebook says that you can leave it you can close it for 20 days and then open it do you know what i know that i'm stupid enough that sometimes some clients convinced me to do it and it up all of my results okay this is what i know and you there's no way that you can convince me no way because it up campaigns that i was optimizing for months okay and then i couldn't recover so it's not going to happen and let me tell you that uh if you do it eventually in the long term you're going to lose because yes it's actually resetting your ads okay and uh the same thing by the way it's happening if you have a declined payment you have a declined payment it says that it's pausing your ads well it's punishing you for one month or whatever and giving you very bad results okay so closing your ads here and there and just opening them again it's going to cause a very big issue and most probably you're going to have lower rows and you're going to lose all of your optimization in theory when you close or you don't close it it says pause but you close it you turn it off um when this is happening it's keeping all the data because it's seven days attribution so if you open three days later it still has the day it it still has the data of the last seven days uh okay but let me tell you that it's not working like this and when you do this on weekends maybe if all of your your weekends are bad and of course i'm talking about about big budgets okay if you do it with small budgets you can even close and open them all the time it doesn't matter if you spend 50 or 100 per day you can still be successful like this but i'm talking about accounts guys that you're spending three four five key per day you cannot just close the ads and open them all over again you have stacked up good campaigns in order to get there and in smaller budget i don't know maybe do whatever you want it doesn't matter it's a small game but in the other ones i can tell you that it's going to up all of your results and even if it doesn't up all of your campaigns it's going to up all of your progress now last question and no it's not the last question uh another one i i have five assets in a campaign and under cbo the spends are distributed unfairly one asset gets disappropriately this appropriately high allocation or one asset gets no spend in such situation since meta hasn't spent enough on other assets we can't assume that they are bad also it gets expensive to keep waiting for meta to spend on another asset to see their worth so i switch such campaigns to abo to test assets and use winning gadgets in cbo i able to use cbo only in crazy methods similar assets so i'm not bothered performance of the asset with less spend so i think you're missing the point over here and i think that you don't know how to optimize cbo campaigns let me tell you i told you by the way that i will answer to you uh suddenly you have to watch one hour or something in order to understand uh but let me tell you how this is working when you are having a cbo campaign you don't care if some of your answers are not going to be tested enough because you're doing enough so that you can have substitutes you care about the results so it's like a war some are going to to die even for no reason okay so don't be afraid of that of your testing of the assets if you test them enough be afraid if you have tested all of your creatives this is why we're using with cbo's dynamic creative ads because we know that across different uh targetings we're going to test all of our creatives efficiently with dynamic creative ads and this is the situation that i'm like that i like to say that you are over analyzing something that you shouldn't because we are using so many adsets even in the crazy method or in normal campaigns if you see we're using a little bit more assets in order for us to be able to remove what it doesn't work so don't care about the ones that they are not having any spend care about the ones that they get the spend and see if they are profitable enough so that you can continue because if in a cbo you have six eight adsets and facebook is actually focusing on those you don't care about the other ones that they are not spending you care about cbo is doing their work if it's if it's focusing on those and they are getting sales then it's fine let it be and optimize this campaign based on the fact that the spend is going to where it should be going and you have the dynamic creative ads so you can test efficiently all of your creatives without worrying about if they are going to be you know tested properly but in a cbo campaign don't care so much about the one that is not spending because facebook is not it doesn't like to spend on it care about the ones that they are spending see if they are actually the ones that you're getting the hours that you want and keep them and after that point you can start closing even ones that they're spending and they're not getting good results so that you can liberate budget for the others but if you see that all of them are not spending a lot of money then lower the amount of adsets that you are doing because most probably you are putting too many adsets for the budget of the cbo that you have and this is taking a slower process which doesn't make any sense i hope that you understand what i said about it if you don't send me a message or do another comment in this so that we can analyze it further now one strange thing that they have seen and then we go to freelancer diaries and we close the video how much time okay we will go to 30 minutes okay i think i think that i i went super fast after some point so it's good now at least it's not going to be two hours alix so one strange thing that they have seen is that a lot of times when i start with new ad accounts they have some limitations by the way i rarely take new ad accounts but they don't have any social proof so if you have a new ad account and you don't have any social proof for spending stuff most of the times i'm not working with these accounts because i have limited time and i'm working only with bigger accounts but you know i'm putting all of this content for all of you so that you can reach that point and then we can work together the situation is that is the first time guys that i have seen another account started with 100 spending and then having over here a limitation after some days so it was spending 100 initially i said nice this account started without any limit and then i see it says the business that owns this account blah blah blah can only spend 50 days across all campaigns so the limitation came after we started running ads for two three days which is uh one thing that i have never seen before so i thought that it was funny to actually mention it freelancer diaries let's go to this one and yeah that's the end um so facebook ads e-commerce drop shipping store i don't remember this one but i see that it's a drop shipping so most probably is going to be funny i run the social media marketing agency okay we have a hustler over here social media marketing agency he has zero job post by the way the quality of upwork right now it's it's very bad they have this bidding system which makes everything even more expensive so i'm just going there just to laugh with things i run social media marketing agency and i'm looking for a media buyers to run ads for a potential client that i just finished speaking with thank god this person is actually talked to someone got the client and then he's trying to find a freelancer most of the other people they're just wasting the time of the freelancers trying to find the freelancer but they have never done any lead sourcing uh here's where she is at she herself is a facebook ads expert and works as a freelancer so this facebook ads expert is going to hire someone so i don't know how express she is but let's see she gets great results for her clients but can seem to get results for her own website originally she just wanted someone to look over uh what she's doing and give her feedback basically what she's doing for other clients she wants for someone else to do it for her own account okay but now she's willing to hand off the responsibility of managing the ad account she has 1500 ads spent for the month of october and she's ready and willing to hire here's what i need i need some most probably this agency owner uh she she started to recruit here and then she said i want somebody to do my ads do you imagine do you do you imagine something like this happening so basically going there to hire her to do the ads for the clients but then she said but i have my own ads that they want to run and i can i cannot do them on my own and stuff and then he said okay i'm going to hire someone else to do it i need someone who can start on this project and get paid 400 usd for the month of october i need someone that has proven results and can take uh here 1500 spending and get at least 10 10 roas obviously at that point we would renegotiate the rate i charge here because because the ad spend would be higher at which point you would get paid more uh do not apply if you have not already gotten 10x roas okay with at least 1000 spend okay so please include screenshots and he wants to see screenshots and by the way if you're somebody who is getting 10 roas with 1000 spend whatever which is not so difficult by the way in some accounts it can happen easily i have other accounts that you can do it um why get paid 400 dollars does make any sense anyway the funny part on this is that i get only one concept much here which is that for example if i wanted to run ads for my uh for not for leads but let's say for the course if i wanted to run ads because i'm not focusing so much on the course right now it's a very good course but but i'm not focusing on it on running any ads and i would love if jonathan was going to do the ads over there instead of me just because it's it's bringing out this um you know this anxiety that you have spending your own money you you're not so uh subjective when you're spending your own money so i can get it from this perspective i i just wouldn't post in this uh post if it was job i would be embarrassed to say that i'm a facebook ad expert that i'm getting great results for others and not for myself you know it would it would be it would be the worst thing you know it's like it's like this uh this guy's there's a guy in greece by the way maris that he's he's talking about how to date girls because now the apparently the new thing in greece is uh how you can date girls and stuff and uh panagis told me that this guy uh in order to find one girlfriend he goes and he uh talks to 20 of them and says okay after 20 one of them is going to do something but he's teaching to other people how to be confident and go to talk to girls and stuff so if you cannot do it for yourself how are you going to show it to others it says uh on the other hand there's another thing which is saying uh if you fail at it teach it okay but thank god guys in this channel we have so many other accounts that we are showing um which uh which is actually proving that we are not failing at it um uh i guess that's all uh we covered everything uh check uh check the video that is coming uh that came out uh two days ago uh it has all of my philosophy for 2023 uh longer podcast uh i think that they will i i have to start picking uh just some uh questions uh not all of them not all of them it's some of them i still but i think that they need to make a much better decision about the questions but i feel that all of these questions were good so we had to answer them and i also promised it to the people on the comments and that's all guys let's not keep the podcast for more uh from all i know i have a consulting call that i'm late 26 minutes already so i will see you in the next podcast bye this was the facebook ads breaking news podcast like it or not it is what it is uh lots