Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast number 89. We do have several questions for today.

I don't want to say how many because it doesn't matter because Liar45 is sending 21 so it's skewed as a number but we do have several here. We do have less. The reason is that I didn't upload a video yesterday.

Today it's Thursday that we are video shooting this. So yesterday I didn't upload a video because basically I was saying something on the video that I didn't agree on with and I was talking about the One Campaign Structions stuff. From the previous podcast I have only positive things.

Let me tell you why. I do believe that when you are going to say something wrong there's going to be people that are going to come from if they have the arguments to actually tell you that this is wrong and so on. And this happened the other time because I got carried away I believe from them.

And you know, I'm the person that because I have learned to fail so much on what I believe that is working or not working on Facebook. I'm not that, you know, I don't have the ego to, that ego to not admit if I'm making a mistake. So the mistake that I have done in the previous podcast is that I was actually mentioning that if you ever have an ad set or an ad in a campaign which is taking the budget and the dominant ad set, this ad set or ad, it's never going to lose against another one if you keep adding.

Which is maybe a little bit of more excessive way for me to prove my point which we're going to discuss in a little bit. But you are right and we got messages like I'm going to read some of those. We have here one that says, he says 1021, me hearing that and having two completely different accounts where this literally happened with new ads in the last two weeks, had ads with 5k plus spend and budget immediately went to new ad and boosted the whole performance.

Best ads do indeed take budget even from ads that were working and spending for a long time. That's not BS for sure. Show it too many times myself to not confirm it.

Thank you very much for the comment and for fixing the truth over here because you are right. Yes, it's happening. Then we have another one which is saying, I've used the CBO strategy successfully for two and a half years across multiple accounts and became a huge fan.

Doesn't mean it's the only way. I think you can run another account if you can supply significant better creative. The ad set will absolutely put spend from the CBO.

I was skeptical when I first started using it and would set minimum spend budgets but once I experienced it something take off, I was sold. The issue is that most people don't understand creative and scaling so they never experience spend pull. Your view is fully understandable given that you're seeing the failed accounts you consult on.

However, it's worth noting that by the very nature of this being consultation calls, individuals may lack the expertise to use the strategy properly. For example, a big misconception is there's only one campaign in the account. So, first of all, with the second person we had a very nice conversation.

He did send me a video because I said, okay, can you send me a video that you're proving all of that and he was kind enough. Cameron was kind enough to do send one video that he was mentioning all of that and we did have an exchange of messages which I'm going to read and I'm going to tell you how the conversation went. His arguments and my arguments or I don't know which one is correct to read the messages because he wants to kind of keep a little bit of this private conversation or to me say what I believe that came out of the conversation.

I think I will take the first option to be sure that I'm not you know, silencing him so that we can read exactly what he's saying. I think he's not going to have a problem. I'm not going to show any print screens or whatever, just I'm going to read it.

Now, the mistake that I have done here is that I said that it can never happen. Yes, it can happen. My point of view is that until it's going to happen, you're losing so many creatives that they could have worked in their own campaigns and this is something that Cameron also agrees that yes, it can happen, but for him the most convenient way is to do it with the one campaign structure.

And we're going to cover also the basis of having several campaigns and that the one campaign structure is not exactly what what is this strategy all about and everything. So the point here that I want to make is this, that even if you're having something, even if you're having just a creative, for example, okay, which is taking a budget and then you just try to put more over there in order to find another one, which is going to win the one that's actually taking the budget. The thing that's going to happen is that eventually you will find a better one and then you will need to find a better one and then you will need to find a better one and so on.

While the previous ones, they could still be spending their own money in their own campaigns. What are we saying that we like in this channel to work with multiple campaigns with multiple different aspects and not just work with one creative? I don't see the point of working in one campaign with one creative and yes, some of the people out there that they have YouTube channels, they do talk about one campaign and maybe in their groups, which I'm not there, they are mentioning maybe for some specific cases that if you have, for example, different categories of products, maybe you can do another campaign, another campaign, another campaign.

So the misconception that Cameron is talking here about is that it's not one campaign, it's just maybe one campaign per category or maybe it's one campaign per product if you're selling two main products or whatever. So that being said, I don't believe in it. I believe that we should run multiple campaigns and I had my arguments and he had his arguments but I want to fix my mistake from the previous podcast and say that you are right.

I have seen it also. I was, you know, I overdid it with my emphasis over there saying bullshit and all of that. It's not bullshit, yes, it can take budget but in my world it doesn't worth it, you know.

It doesn't worth to find a better and a better. What works is to go into their own campaigns and establish new campaigns and new campaigns with their own spend and creatives that they're going to work. Because if you end up having a campaign that it's having one ad set that is spending all the budget and it's a winning ad set and then you keep adding inside 20, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90 ad sets and none of them is going to work and take the budget from the main one.

This doesn't mean that it's not a good creative that was going to take budget and have profitable result on its own campaign. That's my point. But in the philosophy of the one campaign strategy basically what they're saying is that it doesn't worth to go there.

If it's not going to take budget it means that it doesn't worth to let it spend because it's not better from what you have. The only, the only, only, only reason that I would see any benefit to this type of campaign is if you want to improve ROAS. Let's say for example that you have two ROAS and you're not happy, you have tried multiple campaigns, you cannot scale because two ROAS is what you're getting on Facebook, you cannot fix your numbers to do something better with AOV and stuff so that you can get better results.

So what's the last option? To keep testing creatives inside, tossing them there so that you can see if one creative is going to help you have better ROAS comparing to the other winning creative that you have. I don't see anything else that it's, you know, that it's beneficial for that.

So Cameron didn't send me a video which I cannot show you of course because it was for my eyes only and I do respect that. He's a freelancer, he's working with, I don't know, he told me five accounts, I don't remember, maybe I'm wrong, but we were discussing at the end of the conversation about freelancing and stuff. And he did send me a video that there was a campaign that has spent 1 million over there.

In the last month or two, there was one ad set inside which has spent 600k and this ad set has lost to a new one that he added. Again, I will read you in a little bit the conversation. This campaign had inside 75 ad sets and let's go and let's read a little bit of the conversation over there so that you can understand what it was discussed.

Let me come here. I'm a little bit unprepared, I should have prepared it better, but it's okay. So he did send me the video and then I sent him back that I do believe that if we think of it taking two years from one ad set to just lose from another one, it's not ideal for me and I do believe that in all of this period that this main ad set has paid 600k and the other 70 ads that there are inside that they didn't take budget.

Maybe if they were going to be on their own campaigns, they were going to take budgets. So he's replying to that by saying... Let me take you to the good part.

I tell him also that this is a campaign that was spending 5k per day. So I do believe that... And you have to understand also guys, which is not your problem, it's my problem.

I have to find the right words of saying things that if I'm saying something, I'm trying also to protect some people. So for the people that are spending 100 or 200 per day in a campaign, just tossing inside creatives and waiting for another creative to take the budget and stuff, it's going to be much more difficult comparing to tossing creatives in a campaign that's spending 5k, for example, which is having enough space to leave budget. So I'm telling him that the spend is high.

He tells me that he does it also on low spend. He's right. He does it also on low spend.

But it's not going to happen if you already have a good creative. The whole point is you're adding the creatives once you've scaled to a point where the original creative is no longer able to work as effectively as the environment has changed due to scale. If you intentionally set up a low spend campaign with bad creatives, then add it a good one.

You'd see it takes spend happened when I started my brand, which was like 100 a day spent. I'm saying still, still this doesn't justify doing it on the same campaigns unless if you want to improve ROAS. In the one campaign you're trying to find a good creative.

After you find it, you keep doing it. You move to another. After a point, you do try to find a much, much better creative from a working one while all these other creatives you tried and didn't work can have their own campaigns and you will be able to scale also.

There's no overlap as long as you do different creatives and not the same stuff. Okay, this is what I replied. I also told him that for me in this case study, without trying to actually diminish it, it's a problem that we are having something an ad set which was taking budget for two years and two years later it's not working, maybe from ad fatigue or from whatever.

I would love, I would love to do a lot of things in my life, but one of the things that I would love right now is to have a time machine and go with him one and a half year ago when the ad set was still there and it was going to see if it was going to win it then without having ad fatigue for two years, for example. Okay, because two years for some companies means that they're going to close. So if they're trying, trying, trying with creatives over there and nothing is working, maybe the company is going to close.

So it says the client has a problem with creative production, that's why the creative has run so long and spent so much. It is a great creative and has allowed me to grow their business a lot, but it would have been bigger if they had been making quality creatives. It's only now that I'm getting what I need.

Cameron, I think it's a little bit convenient all of that. I do believe you, but I think that it doesn't give us the full potential, you know. I would love to see the numbers that I have seen with this happening faster and happening again and again and again.

So for example, show me that in one year I was keep doing that and it was changing the creative and this is what was happening. Which again, just to tell you, I believe that yes, there are other accounts that they're doing this, okay. But my point here is that I believe that they can scale more with multiple campaigns instead of with one campaign and that they are actually silencing like these good creatives that they have more juice to give.

Okay, I have examples in the last three months of things really pulling significantly spent and the business sees a massive CPA drop when that happens. I'm asking him later how many creatives were tossed in that period that could work on their own campaigns, you know, the same thing, I don't like to recycle. He says, not really too many and to be honest, most I knew that they were not going to work looking at them, just had to test as they made them, nature of working with clients.

I get that but on the other hand still it took two years for this to happen and right now because of this client we don't know if it was going to happen earlier but you're saying that now you're getting good creatives. So it's a little bit of a problem for me. I'm saying maybe the ad account could have scaled more if you did more campaigns.

Yes, true, it's possible but I run accounts like this in the past and I personally feel this is more stable growth. You see, at the end of the day, what I agreed also with Cameron at the end of the conversation, because this is not an argument. We are all here to just Cameron.

He's not doing this so that he can say, hi, you're a fucking idiot, you don't know what the fuck. He's doing it because we all like Facebook ads and we want to talk with each other so that we can understand. I'm trying also to understand how he sees it.

He's trying to do the same. Why am I not using it? And this is what we are doing.

We're just trying to inspire from each other because sadly Facebook ads is something that you are learning by doing it and we all share our experiences across accounts. Of course, we have to be open-minded stuff which is what we're doing here. So Cameron has his own success with this strategy in one ad account.

I have my own success in other ad accounts. Okay, I'm not the type of person that I'm going to say that I'm managing 48 accounts, Cameron manages only five so my opinion matters better. No, this is bull****.

What really matters is that even if it's working in one ad account, we have to go there and we have to see what this person is doing, how it's doing it so that we can try to analyze it and explain why is it happening. Okay, so for him, it's more of a personal thing to actually like to work with one. I like to work with multiple for my reasoning.

But he has a very good argument about testing while I have a very good argument about scaling. So I do believe that all of these creatives could work in their own campaign. Not as good as the main creative, but they believe in their philosophy that if it doesn't take spend and overrule one ad set inside, then it doesn't worth it.

It's not a good creative. I believe that you can actually have sales also with the others that they didn't expend. That's why, for example, we do have advantage shopping campaigns that we see that the dominant ad is taking budget and I have videos that I'm showing you that I duplicate the campaign.

And the other ads also take sales on their own campaign when I remove the dominant ad that it doesn't let them to get budget. So I'm talking about the ad accounts scaled more. Then I tell him that I still won't use it because on my philosophy and in this campaign, the case study took two years.

He says, as above, but actually it started right away. 600k creative wasn't the first creative in the campaign. It replaced the previous top creative they had and couldn't beat for two years.

But it was just me going through their archive. So again, we have a problem with the creatives that the client was giving. Because then I'm telling him that, yeah, but this kind of disapproves the...

Because he was showing me $1 million case study spent in a campaign that proves that one campaign size is working. And I told him that this kind of disapproves it because it happened lately, you know, to replace the 600k spent thing after a long period of time. But it didn't happen in a normal period that he had good creatives and stuff and everything.

That was my argument. Says, I told him, wouldn't you reach faster with many campaigns testing many creatives at the same time? And here's his argument, guys, which is a good argument.

But you spend more on testing as you pay for failed and successful tests. So again, they do believe that if you take one asset and it doesn't take the spend of the main one, then this asset is not good at all. I believe that you can still make money out of this asset.

This is our argument. Of course, the truth is somewhere in the middle, I guess. With this method, if it's not going to scale further than where you are, you don't spend any money.

So he says that in my method, we do multiple campaigns like this, and we do have multiple campaigns. But when we do these multiple campaigns, maybe we're going to overspend money on testing. Okay.

For the same reason that I'm not doing ABO testing in one ad account so that I can scale later. So with that being said, my argument is that, yes, but while you're testing these different campaigns, some of these campaigns are going to work and you're not going to lose money, maybe you're going to make money and you're going to scale also. So he's assuming that by just doing that, only if you have a good creative which is going to overcome the main, you're going to make more money because you are going to be able to scale and you're going to be able to have a better ad set.

I'm assuming also that if I keep doing that with multiple campaigns, some of those are going to work and I will make money which is going to compensate for the testing and for the scaling that we are going to do. On the other hand, I must say to be honest with you that, let's say for example that you do have a client which is, and this is the point that the freelancers has to be flexible. Okay.

Because let's say that you have a client that you're using the one campaign search and you're tossing creatives inside. How many months do you think that he's going to stay with you without you trying to actually make it profitable? Okay.

At least with the other campaigns, you can still have other creatives that you can work with while on the other one, you might end up like the consulting calls that I did with people that for five, six months, they were just testing creatives inside. And maybe it's their fault that they didn't do good creatives. But at the end of the day, they started using multiple campaigns like this, and it worked better.

Okay. So, in theory, if we think of it for a company that is going to be doing one creative, then it's going to go next level and go and do a much better creative, then go to next level, much better, then go and hire Logan Paul and do another creative, then go and hire someone else and someone else, eventually, if you think of it, yes, you can work with one campaign which is going to have a better creative again and again and again. On the other hand, I don't know, something is itching me on the fact that you're just going to work with just one creative all the time.

And then he says that he's been running ad accounts for five years. I tell him that I do respect you, I don't talk to you as a beginner and stuff. So, I'm not trying to, you know, impose what I think about it.

He says that, I have said in videos people need to stop picking beats from different strategies as they don't work. Just listen to one person. So, if it's you, they shouldn't be also watching someone else and someone else's videos and they should just watch you.

I disagree with that. I do believe that they should be watching all the content and they should start thinking about Facebook ads. They should be filtering what they are watching and then eventually they should be able to make their own strategy for their own account from the things that they are seeing.

And that I don't believe in blueprints. I do believe that each person has a character. In the same way that you are liking to work with one campaign structure, I like to work with multiple campaign structures.

And I do believe that this is coming also from the way that we live our lives, okay. As I like to say with an example, making fun of my weight a lot of times, if I go to a Greek taverna most probably will order the whole catalog. Maybe Cameron if you go to a taverna you will order one salad and something, you know.

So, it's the way that we see it. So, I like the variety in my life. I like the variety in the ads manager, okay.

I don't know how you are in your life, but I think that what we do inside the ad accounts, it's also a character thing. And I do believe that everything can work and everything can fail and different things can work. This is why we made this really nice argument over here.

Then he tells me about how many accounts he used to be managing. But I have a point over here that I'm trying to... Okay.

So, I found it. So, I'm saying, after the thing that he says about spending, but you do spend more on testing as you pay for failed successful tests with this method, if you're not going to scale further, then you're not going to spend any money. And I'm saying, yes, but you lose creatives that could work on their own campaigns at the same time.

In fact, that an ad set didn't win another ad set doesn't mean that it can get sales on its own. If your ROAS is profitable, then you lose sales and scaling trying to find a better ad set from an existing good one. You believe that all these other ads, they wouldn't be profitable, some of them on their own campaigns, without the competition of a really good ad on the same campaign.

And he says, you're misunderstanding the point, I think. For your information, it's been one year, you can see the dates in the video, yes. But the point is, we didn't need a better creative a year ago.

That creative did a job and I could scale weekly. So, in my opinion, in my opinion, if you didn't need a good creative one year ago, you should have done other campaigns to find other creatives that are as good as this one. And not trying to find a better one if you didn't need one.

So, right now, you need a new one. So, you were starting doing this process, okay, and you couldn't scale weekly. Now you can scale weekly.

But we did hit a point where we couldn't scale as fast without being the best creative. Only the new ones have allowed us to move much faster. And I'm saying, yes, you couldn't scale because you compared all your other creatives with this one on the same campaign.

That's what I say. While they could work on another campaign, even with lower spend, it still would be scaling. My question is simple.

Do you think all the other creatives, 70 ad sets in total, you had in this campaign wouldn't work on a new campaign on their own? He says, yes, but it's hypothetical. We don't know what would be the case.

Their blended performance may not be better. And I'm saying, none of them. This is the core of our disagreement because I see them working, even taking a campaign with 10 ad sets, leaving two, three working, duplicating the rest.

He says, keep in mind, I have been doing this for five years and with several campaigns. I'm saying, I don't reply to you as a beginner, as you can see. I do want to see, I do understand that you do this for a long time.

And so, your opinion is that they couldn't work. I still wait for that answer or another campaign on another campaign. And do you think that only what will win the winning ad set matters or it is to be tossed away?

And he says, I'm more explaining what I have discovered all these years with this method. It's like some other experienced people who may have been running ads for two, three years. I've even used some of your stuff in the past.

You think I'm outdated, bro. For sure, you are one of the few that at least have arguments about it. That's why I'm here at 5am in the morning chatting with you.

And he says, some would work. Yeah. And then I say, but you prefer more this method.

I get it. I respect that 100% because we don't disagree that much on the end. It is just a different management.

It works. And this is all that matters for me. Blah, blah.

And all of that. And then about blueprints and everything. So basically, what do we have here?

We do have a Velvet argument. He had his arguments. I have my own.

I still do believe across many accounts. He still have seen something working. So you cannot tell him that what you are saying is wrong.

You cannot say that. But you can disagree on what would be better or he believes that this is the better way. I believe that another way it's better.

Anyway, the whole point here was to fix the fact that I was saying that they couldn't take budget. Yes, they can take budget. I knew that before I just got carried away from the consulting calls, I guess, that I had, which actually frustrated me from the fact that there were people for many months trying a lot of creatives, not being able to actually find a better creative from the one that was taking the budget.

And even in his case study, it took a lot of time. But still, he has his arguments about that of not having good creatives from the client, which for me, it's problematic, a little bit of, you know, convenient. But I'm not saying that he's lying.

I'm saying that he's telling the truth. At the end of the day, as he says, is that he also believes that, yes, maybe they could take budget and stuff. Maybe he believes that hypothetically the blended rows could be bad, but maybe they could be good.

So you don't know because you haven't tested it. But on the other hand, you cannot be testing the many campaigns or the one strategy at the same time. You have to follow just one path.

And for him, the most convenient path is that. Anyway, that's all with that. And I hope that we did covered it.

I hope that it was a good content for you to see this argument. I wish I could share it, but it was his personal preference not to share any print screens or the video and stuff. I will make another video also with this.

And that's all with that. Now, about results. There has been two days, the Biggat accounts are doing really well, but there has been like two days that I'm seeing some really bad results in some lower to smaller accounts.

I don't know for how long it's going to last, but I think that they're being influenced from the people launching ads for Black Friday right now. So it's going to stabilize. A lot of companies have started Black Friday ads, including many of mine.

They're doing fine so far, especially the Biggat accounts are doing really well right now. There's one message from one person here that says, Hey, Konstantinos, I like your videos. Nice job, but you have thought about using AI to make the version translate to another language like Spanish.

That way I can say it with some friends who don't understand English at all. So I'm not in the level of Mr Beast to do videos in Spanish. Also, I need to explain something that I do not make money from YouTube.

I'm actually losing money there. But it's a very good way for me, first of all, to expand knowledge. And secondly, there are clients that are coming and they do want to work with me or consulting, also mentorships and stuff.

So for me, doing content in Spanish, it means that I have to also learn Spanish so that I can teach them in mentoring and stuff. So it does defeat the whole purpose. So it's never going to happen because then I will have people sending messages in Spanish.

It's not going to be the same. I'm not going to be able to answer to all the comments like I do here on the channel and stuff. So my friend, sorry, but it's impossible.

But you can explain to them what I'm saying in Spanish if they are good friends of yours. Also, we have a message over here that says, Hi, Konstantinos, when can I book a call with you? Whoever wants to book a call with me, you can do it through the links on the description.

You can go to my website and you can see everything there and the contact forms that you can reach out to me. Now, I'm a person that I have never been hiding any comments because I believe in democracy. Okay.

And I do believe that, of course, if someone of you curses, I'm going to curse back. I use a lot of mom jokes. I use a lot of mom jokes.

Also, if you are not behave. There's a guy who told me recently, what did he tell me? Learn English first.

Then I told him that I'm learning with his mom. It's a learning process. So if you are not going to behave, I'm not going to behave.

I'm just saying. But we don't have these incidents a lot. There was another idiot that he commented that I don't know what the I'm talking about or something about Facebook ads.

He wasn't someone who was doing Facebook ads. He was saying that Facebook ads are going to ruin the world and stuff. I told him to go live in North Korea with Kim Kroon Koon if he doesn't like capitalism and Facebook ads and stuff.

So these things. But these are rare cases. But we do have this case which I don't want to silence this guy because I want to say something about it.

So his name is Nick and he says, Hello Dinos, I've been studying all of your content across multiple platforms and I'm also doing it in a podcast where I have done a mistake in the previous one and I'm fixing it so that I can show you that I'm not afraid of this kind of stuff. Because it's his opinion and he has to be able to express it and I'm going to answer to that. So I've been studying all of your content across multiple platforms and I've been implementing it into my ad accounts.

I completely understand your perspective on the way Big Edges is industrialized ad accounts and I agree that it doesn't make sense to run ads in such a way. However, I noticed that over the span of many months my ad accounts are actually performing worse than when I was running ads the opposite way with a more constructive approach. I don't know why my approach is not structured but okay.

Do you have any insights or advice on why this is possibly happening and what I should do? I'm starting to become demotivated because I've spent money on your constant consulting calls and still find myself contemplating whether I should stick with this approach or not. So there are several things that I need to say about this.

The fact that someone is buying my course and the fact that someone is doing consulting calls with me, it doesn't mean that of course we do it with this perspective that it's going to work and it's going to make your ad account better. I could bring below here another 50 people that they would say how much they have benefited from the calls but there's always going to be people that what I'm teaching is not going to be suitable for them. This is not to blame you but we have to understand also that there are less experienced people that they are not going to understand completely.

The CB optimization, the AAC optimization, working with multiple ad accounts and average results, it's a completely different approach that needs experience and a lot of times you should not be afraid of it. The fact that it's not working for you doesn't say anything to me because when you're working with 40 ad accounts and you're seeing something, I know that I'm not crazy. Also, I created the YouTube channel and I'm talking with many of you in the comments and everywhere and I know that yes, in the comments, it's always the thing that if someone wants to disagree with you, it's not so easy for them to just type a message but if someone wants to say something good, they will.

So yes, the majority of the comments is going to be good because you're giving also some free value but I do not want to silence this comment over here or hide it or whatever and I'm leaving it there because I believe that everybody should express their opinion and their experiences and at the end of the day, we cannot have 100% success rate with everyone. Okay? And I'm not going to blame it on you.

If you want to blame me, you can blame me, it's fine but I don't want to blame it on you and say that you don't have good creators or good landing pages or you cannot have good understanding of what we do or what I'm teaching is not working for you. It can be one million reasons. Okay?

What I have learned after because before that, I couldn't understand it but right now that the channel is growing, actually my perception has changed a lot in several topics. I'm not going to care about one or two comments but I'm going to care because if you think of it, all of these months and all of these years that I'm posting things, nobody ever came below and tell me you are wrong about this. Okay?

This is not happening. The moment I said something which then I realized also after the end of the podcast that it was wrong, there were people coming below and commenting. Okay?

This is respect to my face. Okay? And they are saying that we do respect what you're posting, what you are saying here is wrong.

And I totally respect it also from my perspective that they are coming here and they are saying it. But on the other hand, if everything that I was saying was completely wrong, there would be many, many comments on my other videos. And this is a very good filter for me.

Okay? A very good filter for me is when I say something wrong for people to come and correct me from their own experience. Okay?

When I say, when people are posting on Reddit about me, to see people writing and saying that I like this comment and stuff. We have discussed in other podcasts what happened when on Reddit they were asking if I have a good channel or not. It was positive comments.

I do believe in letting people, without sending my students or whatever, I do believe that it's really nice to see what people have to say and then you can take your decisions. And yes, along the way of me doing consulting calls and stuff, some people might not have been benefited. And sorry for that, Nick.

I really hope that since you bought the course the next year, the new course and stuff, it's going to compensate you. And I'm sorry that I wasn't able to help you in the way that you were anticipated. But at the end of the day, I told you, my perspective has changed.

I always wanted to be the best and stuff. I do understand that in this world over here, you cannot just be the best, but you can try to always be better from what you used to be yesterday. And this is what I'm trying to do.

Thank you very much for your comment. I'm really sorry. I hope that in the future videos, you are going to find something that's going to stick and it's going to make it better.

And also thank you, all of you guys that you commented that I did a mistake and we were able to fix it. And I didn't post also one video that was having this kind of statement there so that I can fix it and make it better. Thank you for that and for correcting me and making the content of my YouTube channel actually better.

So we do commented that there was one thing about the European Union. We had a message from one MetaRep that was saying, we're announcing important changes to Facebook and Instagram in the EU and Switzerland and the Economic Zone, including reducing the price of subscription for no ads and offering an additional choice to use Facebook and Instagram for free with less personalized ads. For people who choose less personalized ads, we are also introducing ad breaks, which are ads that cannot be skipped for a few seconds.

A year ago, we launched subscription for no ads in the EU to comply with changing regulatory requirements, specifically with GDPR and DMA. However, we have continued to receive additional demands from regulators to go beyond that, beyond what is written in the law. So basically, they are saying that they are overdoing it while the law is saying something else.

In response to this feedback, we will begin to roll out these changes today. And basically, it's reducing the price of cost of subscription for no ads to 5.99, down from 9.99 or 7.99 when purchased on iOS and Android, blah, blah, less personalized ads, ad breaks, people who choose to see less personalized ads will see some ads, blah, blah. And basically, you can read it all.

Yeah, and then we firmly believe personalized ads, blah, blah. It's a vital content and stuff. So what does this mean?

It means that if people pay for subscription mods and stuff and they make it as a lower price, basically what's going to happen is that we are going to show less ads to the European Union Citizens. What does this mean? Higher CPMs, it means that we are going to target less people and so on and so on.

So I do believe that the Facebook ads in Europe, if many people buy the subscription thing, which I don't believe that they are going to, it's going to change. Still, it's something that you need to know if you're advertising to Europe because it's going to happen on the next months. You might see the CPMs rising there if there are a lot of people that are going to enter into the process of not watching any ads because they have a subscription mode.

That's all with the news. Let's go to continue to questions. We did that.

Let's go to this one. Hi, I have a question. I often see that when Facebook has an ad delivery outage, the performance drops the day after.

What's the best to do in this situation? Just wait, just wait it out until it recovers or should we lower the budget a little? Basically, what happens is that as a business, you have to soak the damage in these bad days.

Sadly, this is the truth and this is how it has been always working. Yeah, I think that you should wait. There are a lot of people that they will close their ads and stuff, but especially if you have higher spends, you don't have any choice.

You cannot lower, you just have to wait and pass through and soak the damage. Next one. Echoes.

Is it possible that an ad account with a low AOV, let's say 36 euros, can have satisfactory results in meta ads? Everything is possible, Marios. Okay, so everything is possible.

Everything can happen. I have seen other accounts even having a cost per purchase of $5. Okay, of course it's not scalable if you ask me, but let's say that I have seen them working with low numbers.

Okay, and if you try to trap me like the previous podcast to say that it's bullshit, I'm not going to say that because I will have comments and I will have to apologize in the next podcast. No, now, besides the joke, everything can work in Facebook. It really depends on your product, on how unique it is and stuff.

But the cheaper the item, the lower AOV, basically you have less chances because Facebook ads are more expensive nowadays. Okay, next one. If you have a $50 day budget, how many creatives would you recommend?

Three creatives in Advanced Plus or a CBO with more creatives and interest or crazy method? First of all, if you have a 50 day budget, that means that you are a beginner, not a beginner, that means that you are having a new ad account, which means that the crazy method should be used only if you find something that is working and you want to scale it. On the other hand, we have over here you recommending three creatives on Advanced Plus.

I like to work with five to ten creatives. Because you are having a $50 budget, I think five should be enough and on the ad set level, if you do run a CBO, I would like you to have three to five ads per ad set. They don't have to be different between ad sets.

You can have different interests or you can run crazy method with something which is actually successful. We said about that. We talked about this.

Perfect. So, I would like to tell you that in the next podcast, I'm going to announce to you, first of all, about an A-B test. I just don't want this to be hidden in between all of this things with the one campaign strategy because I think it's important.

So, in the next podcast, I'm going to announce an A-B test that I have done with Meta with using value optimization and max conversion or max number of conversion optimization on the ASE campaign. Which of the two has actually won and it's having better results. If you want to write on the comments which one you think that it won, maybe that would be nice.

So, we do have a new option right now into the advanced shopping campaigns. It's value optimization and we have also the option for maximum number of conversions. So, we go for volume, the other one we go for ROAS.

So, let me know which one you think that it actually won and we will announce it on the next podcast. Also, on the next podcast, I have a new strategy which I'm working on with some of my friends which is working with multiple countries on one campaign and how you can isolate them. So, this is another strategy that I'm going to reveal in the next podcast so that you can actually try it.

We read this one, let's go to this one. My performance has nose-dived this week. I survived elections just for my ad account collapse before Bluffray.

That's so true. I told you that some ad accounts are actually struggling right now. I don't know the actual reason but this is the truth.

So, we will read all of those and we are going to close with Liar. How many? 14 questions in one.

We had also this comment coming from one of my subscribers for a long time. I post one video and says, video been up for 23 hours and Liar45 hasn't posted 20 questions. He's cooking something big.

And I remember watching this and laughing on my own as always. But yeah, let's have this one also. And then we have these pages and then Liar.

Thank you for sharing your thoughts. I have a small question, if you don't mind. How does adding a new ad set to an ongoing CBO campaign affect the overall campaign?

Performance both in cases where the old ad set has exited the lending phase or hasn't yet. So, as we said, you're having a CBO campaign which is having an ad set which is taking all of the budget, so it's a dominant ad set. Now, are we talking about the case that this is profitable?

Because if this is profitable, then the way that it can actually influence it is that maybe it can take the budget and either get worse results, because I forgot to tell you that this is also a possibility. You might have an ad set which can take budget and this doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to be profitable in the long term, okay, for some ad accounts. So, either this or in most cases, what is going to happen is that it's going to take the budget and it's going to be better.

So, it's going to have better ROAS. That's why it took the budget because it actually won another ad set. The other thing is that what can happen is that nothing is going to happen.

The other ad set is going to just remain there taking all of the budget and basically that means that the new ad set that you added there is not going to take any budget because it's not as strong to overcome the main one. Now, about the learning phase... Yeah, this has nothing to do with the learning phase.

This is a completely different discussion about the learning phase and you shouldn't be bothered with the learning phase. You should watch my videos about the learning phase and why you should not be bothered. I have posted them on the channel.

Next one. Econ, quick question. Does the budget of a campaign or ad set, if it is ABO, plays role on the longevity of the things before you have to kill it and try recreate it or that's a myth?

Or if it's an ABO or the budget of the campaign? What really plays... Anyway, I also kind of blame the weekend for the bad performance and will wait a few days before the next week to see if performance goes up, like you said.

Another question, to wait five days with Iron Wheel. Yeah, okay, but still, you don't have to wait necessarily five complete days, but you can monitor things. If they go out of hand a lot, then you can see what you're going to do.

But at the end of the day, I need to say that something is going to stay for a longer period. Of course, if it's not spending a lot, it can stay for a longer period. Of course, if you are always reaching it to the limits of being profitable and unprofitable, it's going to spend for a lower period.

If it's an ABO, it's going to stay for a longer period. Why? Because it's just one ad set that has the budget.

So basically, you're having an ad set which is having the budget with a dominant ad. And that means that it can be more stable, you know, into changes on bad periods, if it has bad results or good results, or even on the changes of budgets. The other thing is that if it's a CBO, basically, it's going to last not so long if it has several assets inside.

Because if it has several assets inside, basically, it's taking budgets to all of them. And what is going to happen is that when you're going to find a balance, then the balance is going to be disturbed because one of them is going to lose sales or the other one. This is something that they have realized the previous spring, that I was working with ad accounts that they were having ASC campaigns and they were having also CBO campaigns.

And I could see that inside these ad accounts, the CBOs were actually tend to die faster into bad periods and the ASC campaigns were staying for longer. The reason is very simple. It's because the way that we work with CBO campaigns is having several ads and not just one ad set.

But even like that, I think that the CBOs can be influenced. I will go in a little bit to that. So if you have several ads over there, you find the balance after some point that this one is spending that, this one is spending that, this one is spending that, the ad set, and all of them, they have a balance and they produce a result.

If this is going to be better or worse because of a bad period, for example, worse, what could happen is that some of those, they could lose their optimization and stuff. They could lose their spend to others that they are taking a little bit more sales. So the balance can be disturbed.

But if it's a CBO with one ad set, it's much more difficult to be disturbed or an ABO with one ad set, it's much more difficult to be disturbed. On the CBO though, it can still be disturbed if you touch the ad level. So if something happens and the ad level is going to be touched and one of them is losing the budget or whatever, then we are going to have a problem also on the ad set which is going to start losing on ROAS.

Because the balance that a single ad set has, it's happening on the ad level with the different ads that you have. And over there, if there's a problem or if you close an ad, maybe you're going to see that your whole ad set is going to start collapsing in terms of ROAS and the results that it's actually getting. But for sure, ASE campaigns, which are ABO campaigns, they are much more stable.

Back in the day, in the spring, they tried to do CBO ASE campaigns. They failed miserably. And we went back to the ABO campaigns ASE and this is why I believe that they are more stable.

Next one. How are you constantly doing your content? I have an account with 100 per day budget and have different ads in different formats.

Different ads in different formats. Would you recommend breaking the campaigns out by format, for example, a catalog campaign with one catalog for 20, a single image campaign with four single images for 20, a casual campaign with four casuals for 20, a video campaign with four videos for 20, etc. Should I separate still or consolidate since it's a lower budget?

Thank you. So, I love it when I see comments that the person is actually thinking and then while he's writing the comment, he's answering on the end. You know, that's my best reward over here.

I know your name. I have seen you posting for many months, if not years. And I know that you have been watching the content.

So, you do answer to yourself over here. So, yes, in theory. So, we need to separate what is theory and what is reality, okay?

So, do we want to be romantic here and say, okay, the theory says this and that, or we want to be, you know, pragmatic and actually be able to say what we would do with this budget because we have a budget of 100 per day and all of these formats. Either you're going to say that I'm going to run one format at a time, because you cannot have everything in life. Either you're going to say that I'm going to run with bigger budgets so that I can have different campaigns for each one of them, which is correct also, okay?

So, these two things are technically correct, but we cannot have everything, okay? In Greece, we say we cannot have the whole pie and the dog also fed, okay? The whole spinach pie and the dog fed, okay?

So, the thing is that you cannot have four or five campaigns with 20 limiting your possibility of getting sales because you are limiting your daily budget because we said it doesn't matter how much you spend in 30 days, it matters how much you spend in daily. That's why we do have daily budget. And if your cost per purchase is 50 and you're just doing one campaign which is, each one of them is 20, basically what you're asking is for Facebook to give you sales with 20 in each one of the campaigns.

And you have also multiple creatives there, so maybe it's going to be divided even more. So, I think that yes, you are answering correct, you have to consolidate it, but you have to be ready if you put all of them to just see all of the spend going to either the catalog most likely or maybe to the videos, but most likely it will go to the catalog. So, either run it separately with a bigger budget or just run them in different campaigns with 100 each so that you can have the best possible result.

But no, you cannot do both at the same time, run them with 20, 20, 20. It doesn't make any sense because you're not testing the other creatives because there are some formats like the catalog for example or a video which is going to take all of the budget. But most likely here the catalogs are going to take all of the budget.

That's all. That's another podcast. That's the end of it.

I hope that you liked it. I hope that you enjoyed it. I think it was huge and I will see you guys on the next one.

This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm mentioning all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

Like it or not, it is what it is. be sure.