Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Ελώ Φασίλοι ΑΝΑΣ, είμαι Κωνσταντίνος και αυτό είναι το Φασίλοι ΑΝΑΣΟΥΣ ΠΟΔΚΑΣ. Ελώ φορές, άλλο πόδκαστ, δεν ξέρω το σχέδιο αλλά ας πιστεύουμε να το πω. Φασίλοι ΑΝΑΣ, πρόμο είναι έτσι και είχαμε μια συγκραφή με μια φασίλοι ΑΝΑΣ και είχαμε μιλήσουμε λίγο πίσω για πώς το πρινό μήνθηκε.

Φασίλοι μου ότι επίσης, πολλές άνθρωποι που είναι κοινωνικές και κομπανές, είναι ότι έχουν φασίλοι πολύ καλό. Μια πιστεύω στο αυτό είναι αυτό. Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE, ήταν ένα πολύ δύσκολο μήνθηκε για όλοι οι άλλοι ΑΝΑΣ ακρίστερα, με κάποιες εξεπτώσεις.

Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE, ήταν ένα καλό μήνθηκε για τα κομπανές που είχαν πίσω πίξελοι. Δεν έκανε καλύτερα. επίσης, αλλά και ήταν δύσκολο για χρήματα που δεν έχουν καλύτερα πίξελοι.

Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE, από τα μία ΑΝΑΣ, τα μία ΑΝΑΣ, τα μία ΑΝΑΣ, τα μία ΑΝΑΣ, τα μία ΑΝΑΣ. Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE, είναι δομήνες και τελειώνες και τέλειες πίσω ώρες. Δεν έχω έτσι, από τα μία ΑΝΑΣ.

I had another account in the Christian East which was not doing so well during May, which was not doing well during May. And then the memorial sale came. I did promotion there.

Of course I had inflated results for a week. So instead of having 1.7 ROAS, I was having 3. But right now I'm having 2.5 because all of this data that came, they just came, they optimized the ad account all over again with fresh data.

And now I'm having 2.5K even after 30 days of the Memorial Day. So it helped me a lot to recover on this ad account. And I was discussing with this Facebook rep and she told me that the more relevant you have ads with the period and they're consistent with the period, the better they do.

We used to believe back in the days that when you are running ads in autumn and you put an autumn leaf, for some reason Facebook is doing better with them. This is what the Facebook rep told me also now. It reminded me of my first steps on doing Facebook ads where I believed every conspiracy theory that it's out there.

And that... Am I going to test it? I am.

Do I believe it? I think it would be crazy if we think that we just put snowballs on Christmas period or a Christmas tree and it's working better because we put it in emoji or something like that. So that's one thing.

Maybe you can test it and you can let me know. I was having one account with cost caps. I'm just sending this information out here in case you want to test them also, which I'm going to test them.

And she was saying that when you have a cost cap campaign and I have videos in the YouTube channel where I explain more and more and more how to do cost cap campaigns with one-day attribution that they are not spending unless if they get results and stuff. So I was having some campaigns, let's say 30 campaigns because it's... Not 30, 30 assets sorry.

With a budget of 200 each and they were not even spending $10 or $20 each because I'm not afraid of it. It's not going to spend a lot. But in the sudden case that it's going to work, let it have a lot of budget to spend a a lot of money because it has very good draws also.

So what I did is that I'm having let's say 20, 30 assets with $200 budget. She told me that if you increase the budget, even if they don't spend, you just expose yourself to more bids. So I did it on $500.

So far after three, four days, zero results out of that. the amount of sales didn't increase. But maybe this is something that you can think of and maybe it's going to work into your account.

This is why I'm sharing it. And I found it a little bit interesting and intriguing in terms of saying that, okay, but if you have more budget, you are just putting yourself to bidding into more auctions. Okay.

But in reality, it didn't help at all. Before we go to a new feature that Facebook has announced, I want to say something about TikTok. I was watching a video and it was a guy, let's say like me, who is having a channel and he is doing, I don't know, TikTok ads, TikTok content, I don't know.

It's funny how people are actually presenting some things in order to continue selling stuff. and he was trying to convince the video that the way that you can use TikTok is that you can go there, you can do videos, you can see how the people interact in the videos on the TikTok and then use these TikTok videos that they did well on TikTok on Facebook ads. And I'm saying, what the ?

So this is what the TikTok is to just go do an engagement campaign on Facebook. Why do you have to go on TikTok? So that you can have job and you can create content for TikTok.

TikTok sucks. Sucks. It had, it sucks hard and it's not a good platform right now.

And I'm sure that's going to become a good platform. But right now TikTok is not a good platform. And all of these people, they are just trying to find ways of making it look like it's a necessity to be on TikTok and stuff.

It is good to be on TikTok in order to familiarize yourself and be ready when TikTok is going to do better. But let's not prepend. Like sometimes there are people that they just talk about TikTok like it's Facebook.

It's not. And maybe it's going to become like Facebook. But because of the fact that you have lower CPMs, it doesn't mean that you're getting money out of it.

Okay. So anyway, I am just laughing with this kind of things from people that they talk in a way that they think that they're so smart and they have found something to say that they, all of the other people that are going to listen to them, they're just idiots and they're not going to understand. At the end of the day, my friend, even if you do TikTok or Google or Facebook, all of us we're going to be criticized and the platform is going to be criticized based on how much money it's making to the people that they are advertising to it.

Everything else is bullshit. Exposure, engagement and see how people react to it. We're not Coca-Cola or Benetton in order to want to see how people react to our brand and if it's friendly to communities.

We just want to have sales, we're not even to that omnipresent marketing command. Let's see a new feature that we see on Facebook. We have a cash rewards offer as it says, paid for by Meta for a limited time.

This new feature lets customers earn cash rewards on purchases they make from ads in feed on Facebook app. And then it has over here, I opened it in order to see how it is. And in how it works it says, cash rewards offers let customers earn cash rewards on purchases they make on the website.

To be honest with you, when I first saw it, I thought that it was going to be about the shops because they want to push the shops over there. But they already have a 20% discount for the shops. The percentage the customers can earn in cash rewards will vary and it's optimized to each customer by Meta offers are only presented up to 30%.

Are only presented to the 30% of the ads audience. This percentage will increase gradually as we see improved performance. so it's going to serve it only to the 30% of your potential reach or the people who is going to reach.

The remaining audience will see the ad without a cash reward offer. Okay, so only 30%. You can choose to turn off cash rewards at any time on the ad account setting.

I wouldn't do it. I will use it. I will try to see if it's working or not because it gives incentives for people to buy.

Ads eligible for cash rewards must target a US customer base, have a sale objective and be part of an ad set that drives website purchases. So the optimization event has to be purchase event. In order for you to do it, you need to target a USA audience and then it looks like this.

I have a picture over here of it shows how it looks. It says the cash rewards over there. and as you can see it has a pre-enrollment variant and the post-enrollment variant and it has a carousel variant and without reward so that you can see.

And then it says benefit of cash rewards. Make your ads stand out to the crowd with cash rewards and has your ads, blah blah. Fund it by Meta for a limited time.

Maybe if you have a Facebook rep you can ask them if you can use this feature and stuff but I'm sure that it's going to be random on some ad accounts. Now let's go to the topic that I wanted to discuss most today. In one of my clients I got this message sent.

So it says... I'm going to read all of it and then I'm going to analyze a little bit about it. So it says, Hi!

We regret to inform you that your page is at risk of being removed from Facebook due to a violation of the page terms. This is a message that they have sent into the Facebook page of the client. This could potentially limit your ability to collaborate with others and prevent people from seeing your account.

However, we would like to offer you a solution to this issue. You can appeal this decision by visiting your support inbox via the follow link. We understand that this may be concerning but we encourage you to take actions as soon as possible to avoid any further consequences.

Or our Meta support team is here to assist you throughout this process. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Sincerely, Meta team support.

Now, for somebody who is not trained like me, for me it's obviously a scam message, ok? But for somebody who is not trained I think that they can panic. Let me tell you some things about it so that we can be on the same page.

First of all, the fact that somebody is using a Facebook image, it doesn't mean that it's actually a page. So, if you click on this page in order to go and see the page, not on the link of course, but in the page, if you go and click on the page, you will be able to see that it's just a page which is called Page Violations. There is no such page for Facebook.

It has 8 friends or followers and stuff and all of them are from India. Well done on that part, I guess. Basically it's a fake page that it's just sending messages.

Secondly, it says hi. Google doesn't say hi when it's sending messages. Or it's going to say at the end that it's marked from example from Meta team support, ok?

But the automated messages that you see like this, they don't have the hi over here. Then it says, however, we would like to offer you a solution to this issue. Meta doesn't talk like this.

And of course, they do give you links to go to the support, but this is not the correct support. This is how they hack people with this kind of things. I don't believe that there is MetaWeb slash support.

There's no such thing. Everything is not happening on MetaWeb for sure. It's happening on Facebook.com slash support.

So it's a fake link over here and as you see on the end, it has .app. So most probably the moment you go there, you will download something. I'm not even going to test it.

And then the most striking one for me, except from looking at the page and understanding immediately how it is. If you're listening to this podcast from Spotify, please, for the love of God, just go and try to find this video podcast and try to see how the page is. You will understand immediately how awful is this.

And then I'm seeing the last thing which for me it's also super obvious that it's a scam message that says Feather Consequences. Meta is never going to tell you that do this or this is going to happen or do this. They just imply this kind of things.

Also keeping in your mind that they don't talk with a way like Consequences. They will say, please take further actions or your account might be banned. They don't talk about Consequences.

Or they say that visit and try to appeal for this case and stuff. They don't talk like this. So for me the moment that I saw it, it was obvious.

And I thought that it would be nice to show you all of that in order to just have some filters in the messages that you're getting. Not believing anything just because they have a Facebook logo image. and also just try to see what page is this one that is sending you the message.

Also let me know that when you're getting a Facebook message it's completely obvious into your inbox. It looks different from the other messages. Anyway, I think that a lot of people would have panicked and they wouldn't have the filter to understand if it's a fake or not.

So I just think before we go to your questions, which are a lot also today, but I didn't want to name the podcast Answering Your Questions because it would be back to back. I was doing Answering Another Account. I didn't know that.

Maybe some of you don't know that. So I'm mentioning it that I got a message about Advantage Plus campaigns that exceeded max number of Advantage Plus Open campaigns per country. So you can have up to 8 Advantage Plus campaigns for each country that you advertise.

I didn't know that. If you knew it, perfect. If you didn't, just so you know, because we are teaching also in this channel that we want to do several Advantage Plus campaigns.

But for this account it's time now to do a CBO with stacked lookalikes. We are already on 160K spent per month. Most probably a little bit more because we will have two more days.

So I will have to keep expanding with CBO campaigns and lookalikes. Fine. Let's see the questions here.

Great video. Can you run sales campaigns for different products from different ad accounts by using the same pixel? Will the campaign compete?

I don't believe in the campaign's competition, Ritvik. I don't believe in campaign's competition as long as the ROAS is there. You can use the same pixel to different ad accounts.

It's not an issue at all. I have done it several times. Just keep into your mind that the main ad account that you're having with a lot of spend and a lot of data, it's always having better results because it's older and stuff and the ad accounts also tend to have behaviors.

So keep that into your mind and don't care about competition as long as you're having good results with return on ad spend. Then let's go to the next one. Lawrence, when you are launching new campaign to ideally get better hot pockets and seize on the pixel ad account, are you just duplicating the ad sets with a campaign or are you duplicating the whole new campaign and turning off the old one?

First of all, you're not duplicating the ad sets within the same campaign. You're duplicating the ad sets in a new campaign. Secondly, you're not closing the old one.

The whole point over here is to have one campaign which is working, not disturb it, then go to another one. If it's working and it's having results, there's no reason for you to close it, just to go with another new campaign. Yeah, and there's no such thing as getting better hot pockets.

Every hot pocket that you get which is working is a good hot pocket. There's no better hot pockets. So basically, you're duplicating the ad sets not within the campaign but in a new campaign or you duplicate the whole campaign and you start it the next day, however you want.

Because there are two ways of doing it. You can either duplicate the campaign and just change the, inside the ad sets, the hours or you can duplicate the ad sets and there's a button over there that says not in existing campaign but in a new campaign which you are going to name immediately and it's going to create it for you. So it's up to you.

You don't have to close the old one because we need to keep it if it has good results and keep scaling with campaigns and not by increasing budgets. Next question. Laura here.

Hi, incredible valuable video but at a high level. So I have some questions. Of course, if you don't know the average price per purchase, how do you calculate how many answers you can use for the crazy method?

First of all, this C is referring to the fact that when you do CBO campaign with the crazy method or with normal CBO campaign, you need to know how many answers to put inside and how do you know by knowing your average cost per purchase in order to calculate how many you're going to put. For example, if you have $100 and you have $20 average cost per purchase, you can put five or six if you want to improve it a little bit. But if you have $10 cost per purchase, you can put between $8 and $10 for example, within $100 CBO budget.

The budgets are daily and you need to know what kind of things you are asking from Facebook. You cannot be asking for example for $2 cost per purchase. The thing here that you are asking though is that how do you know your average price if you want to do a crazy method?

First of all, I told you several times in this channel, people don't listen to me but it's fine. I have invented the crazy method and it's becoming my nemesis. Why?

A lot of people are using it and they love it. But a lot of people they just want to skip steps and they just want to go immediately to the crazy method. I've been never, never, ever told to the channel that you have to start your campaigns with a crazy method.

I told you, run a CBO campaign, run different interests, see which interests are working, then use the interest that is working to the crazy method. Do the same with lookalikes, do stacked lookalikes later. Okay, stacked lookalikes you can start immediately.

But if you have a new account, most probably the crazy method is not going to work. It's going to work when you are going to find something that is working and then you you try to find the hot pockets within that. So, I'm tempted not to answer and just tell you that if you want to run it like this, it means that you are not ready for a crazy method.

Because if you want to run a crazy method, you will have your interests already or something that is working and you will know your average cost per purchase because you are running other kinds of campaigns before. In any case, if you want to learn your average cost per purchase, there is only one way to do it. Run ads and just experiment.

One very good metric to experiment if you have normal price items or even more expensive, it would be to put $100 and 5 ads. It's something that I do a lot of times in new ad accounts in order to define where is my cost per purchase. And after that, I'm trying to make them three if I see that they are spending a small amount of money based on how much my item costs.

For example, if I have an item which costs $500 and I'm spending on five ad sets $30 or $50 per day on some and it's not converting. I will have to decide to make it three ad sets, for example, if the average cost per purchase is on $150, for example. And another thing is that you may want to put more if you have lower average cost per purchase.

But it really depends on the initial results that you're going to get and of course on the results that you're going to get with something that is working. Not only just running one campaign immediately and seeing that your average cost per purchase is there, you need to also see what your average cost per purchase is with something that is working consistently. So that you will know what kind of things you can ask from Facebook.

Second one. Suppose I have started a campaign, campaign CBO Crazy Method 1 and I want to scale it because it is going very well and I want to spend more budget and add more ad sets. I suppose that within the CBO campaign I will not increase the budget but that I will start a new CBO campaign with more budget and more ads.

Is this correct? It is correct. I was afraid from the first sentence.

Basically the situation here is that you're saying that you want to increase it because it's doing pretty well. The way to increase it is not by duplicating the ad sets inside of course because the budget has already been decided of where it's going to be spent in the CBO campaign. Especially at the point that you know that it's doing well, it has already decided where to spend the budget and if you optimize it in the way that I teach then most probably you have also closed the ad sets inside.

So there's no point to introduce more. The second thing is that I don't like to increase the budget of my CBO campaigns just like that. So I wouldn't propose you to do it because at the end of the day you might increase, increase, increase and you might lose your whole campaign just because you were increasing and you were not doing other campaigns.

So I would duplicate it. I would for example double the budget and double the amount of ads and I will try to optimize it all over again to see if it's going to work. If you optimize and you close...

Go to number 3. If you optimize and close Sambad Boys then you reduce the budget over the entire CBO proportionally and then you do not want... you do not have to start a new campaign.

Is this also correct? You can start a new campaign. It doesn't matter.

You are referring about the CBO optimization over here and doing another campaign it refers to your budget. For example, if you start a campaign with $400 and you decrease it to $200 then you can create another campaign with another $400 to decrease it to $200 and then have your $400 spent. Something like that.

and then says campaign proportionally and then you do not have... yeah, you can create another campaign. It's not an issue.

It really depends on how much you want to scale. The fact that you're optimizing one campaign has nothing to do with the other campaigns that you want to create. Now if you create campaigns and you see that Facebook is stopping you and it's not giving you good results on the new ones, stop it and stay with the ones that you have.

I'm very grateful if you answered these questions. I've watched this video 4 times to understand it completely. Keep it up below following your videos.

Thank you very much for that and thank you for watching it 4 times. Next one. Next one is a series of questions and answers with Alexander.

Alexander is a follower in the group. I have talked with him several times and he has this big question. So I thought that it would be interesting to show the whole interaction.

So it says, should advertise for 3 locations on 1 Facebook page or 3 Facebook pages. I'm going to be working with a brand that has 50 plus locations under the same brand name. I've been permitted to do their advertising for 3 of their locations using mock names for privacy.

We cite Las Vegas, we cite Roseville, we cite Fullerton. These are fake names. We do have a main Facebook page that is just beside but some of the individual locations already have their own pages as they operate individually.

So my question is, should I advertise for all of their locations inside just the main within Facebook business manager or should I run them in the individual location business manager? And he's adding another question. In my opinion and because we are talking about local businesses here, I'm pretty sure that you're going to target a local area.

So in my opinion I would have done 3 different pages. Not necessarily different ad account but 3 different pages easily and this is what I'm doing also with clients that they advertise. I think it's better to have your own page for the area and not mix them.

If it's recommended to use their main account, should I create 3 individual ad accounts? I already replied for that, for each location or should I do all the ads inside one ad account? I would do one ad account, 3 different pages with local area targeting, crazy method into the local area and don't retarget the different hot pockets.

Then he replies. Got it. Thanks.

That's what I'll do then. Another question. I have already created a finished CBO campaign with 2 adsets and 3 ads in each that I was planning on testing with $50 per day.

Okay. Reasonable. Once I started working with them.

Now that I will be advertising for 3 locations, 50 multiplied 3 per day. Do you still think I should just duplicate the same campaign 2 more times and test it in each of the locations or should you try and come up with different creative audiences for this location to take advance of the higher budget? And then when I find something winning in one of the locations, just duplicate it over to the other two.

I would start with the same with all of them, but for sure your idea is valid. You can just go and you can check different creatives for each one of the different locations. But let me tell you that the results from location to location, they are going to be different.

And maybe they are going to like also different things. So it doesn't mean that necessarily if something worked in one location, it's going to work also in the other. The other thing is that okay with having 50-50-50, you have the option of using more creatives.

So 3 times more creatives and see what is working and if something is working, you will go and you will integrate it to the other locations also. So I agree with that. Next one.

These are the numbers for each location. All with 50 per day, 20 miles, 18 to 35 ages no interest. For Las Vegas the audience is 957 to 1.1 million.

643K with 457K for Roseville and Fullerton 3.5 to 4.2 million. What's your thought? And the side question.

Would you recommend I try and find an interest or would you leave interest open as it is a lot of different people who would benefit from having LASIK procedure? In my opinion, over here I would do as I told you, crazy method with Li Zhen and local area targeting of 20 miles as you say and try to do nothing else but for sure I would do a little bit of demographics. So most probably a 60 years old person wouldn't do a LASIK procedure I believe.

So I would try to lower my potential reach with demographics that make sense. and this is something that you can discuss also with the people that they are the experts on the LASIK procedure and they can tell you what kind of ages they go there. So yeah, I wouldn't use interests at all and I would do crazy method with the broad targeting that you have here.

Next question. Thanks. I already have a much clearer image of what to do and you have helped remove some nervousness when it comes to not being sure if I can get my client good results.

You never know if you can get your client good results without running ads. I have used your video on crazy method two times but I just want to make sure I understand correctly. Before I actually use your crazy method I would use a CBO campaign with a bunch of different ad sets and ads to see which one gets best results and then I would take the winner with the crazy method.

In your case you can go straight away and do broad targeting crazy method because you don't have them unless if you use different creatives I guess into the different ad sets which is a valid way. Or you suggest I just try crazy method from the start without being sure if the ad set is a winner. You cannot be sure about an ad set being a winner because the ad set is going to have broad targeting anyway.

So in local targeting we go straight away to crazy method. CBO crazy method will start with crazy method. I would start with crazy method if I was you with crazy method because there is no interest or lookalikes or something to test here and see if an interest is working well so that you can use it on crazy method.

You can go immediately on broad targeting for the local area the same way that we know that we do broad targeting crazy method maybe with a little bit of looking on demographics to have lower ages or stuff depending on the product. On trained pixels. When you have a trained pixel you just do immediately broad targeting crazy method or start lookalikes crazy method.

You don't just try to find interests. You have to understand that on my crazy method video and that's the problem. I have to protect also the people that they start now and they don't have any data and they need to understand that they cannot go immediately to crazy method.

But yes, in the experiences, in a person like me which has experience, I can go and take it to crazy method even with something that worked in the past in the ad account without exploring again what is working and what doesn't. But you know, in the video I have to protect also the crazy method a little bit from people abusing it or using it in a way that they should not because it's not an easy method to follow. Awesome.

Yes, I think everything is clear except just one thing. How many adsets should I have within my daily budget of 50? Again, it really depends on the cost per lead that you're going to get.

I would have started with 50 with 3 adsets and then see what kind of cost I get and if you're getting for example $10 I would go to 5 or 6 adsets with my 50. And yeah, I have spent the past 3 hours of watching your videos and in this video you mentioned that 10 per assets with super products like t-shirts, 50 per assets with more expensive products. Again, stick to the 50 with 3 assets.

I think this is what you... this is where I should have started. I only have 50 per day to spend and since my situation is a a bit interesting I'm confused as to how many assets I should use.

The product costs $5000 so it's expensive but I'm not selling classics directly. I'm selling a free consultation so we have a free product here so most probably the cost it would be cheap. So I'm not sure if in my case counts for a cheap, you count for a cheap.

How many adsets would you personally start in this case? 50 with 3 and then see if I would increase it. If I was getting $10 for example or $9 I would increase to $5.

If I was getting even lower I would... yeah, if I was getting lower I would go to $9 or $10 maybe or $8. It really depends.

It really depends on how... it's completely different to have $6 cost per lead and $4 cost per lead. It really depends.

But your whole point over here is to get as many leads as you can in the best possible cost so that you can have someone closing and getting a good amount of profit. Next question and thank you Alex for that. We had a very nice conversation.

Next question. What do you recommend when running a campaign worldwide? What's the best we should publish and not campaign?

I don't recommend running a campaign for worldwide because of the time zones. I would recommend running for example United States with Canada together, Europe together, I would recommend running New Zealand with Australia together. But having worldwide and there's no right answer to that.

Yeah, the video actually that has this question is when you should start your Facebook ads. If you run ads worldwide there's no right time to start your ads because your 6am in the morning in in the United States is going to be a very bad time for Australia for example. So there's no right answer to that and I wouldn't run worldwide campaigns.

In this video I was explaining actually why you should start your ads at 6am but I have other videos also about running ads with different countries so that you can understand how to group them together. Hi great content. That's crazy method work with post IDs.

Of course it works. I have not been able to make winning post IDs work with crazy method. So you are telling me that your post IDs were working with other ways and when you run them with crazy method they are not working.

Most probably you don't have working post IDs. That's what I'm getting from that. It would be crazy like the crazy method if you had winning post IDs and they are not working with crazy method.

They should work. Then next question. How many days do you run on CBO before cutting the reinsets and reducing the budget?

The first thing that you will do is on 2-3 days. After that point you will start monitoring and you will see which adsets are going to stay and yeah after 5-6-7 days depending on how big the CBO is actually. But when you are left with some adsets inside there that they are going to be fine then you can start lowering your budget and you can start staying with the adsets that they are going to be good and just duplicate it and start the process all over again.

But I would first, first, first, first touch my CBO after 2 or 3 days. If the product is having very high average value I would wait maybe for 4-5 days depending on the behavior of the ad account and the experience that I will have also on the ad account. But yeah, this is when.

And about reducing the budget it really depends on the point that you are going to have adsets, that they are going to have good results and you are just going to say okay enough I want to stay with these 3 adsets, 4 adsets, 5 adsets that are working well and I don't want to optimize anymore. I just want to do another campaign to start the process all over again. Then in campaign of CBO if you have 50 purchases in 7 days this stay optimized or not the events of purchase must be in the set to hit.

I don't know what he's talking about. Okay, if you have 50 purchases in the last 7 days, yes you are under the learning phase. I can tell you that it's taking sometimes less than that but getting out of the learning phase doesn't mean a lot.

Then his next question, I think that this is a person, yeah, yeah, he's using Google Translate in in order to communicate. Next question is, in this case in the CBO campaign in 7 days pass and I don't optimize then would I have to upload another crazy campaign? The case in the CBO campaign if 7 days pass and I don't optimize, no you don't.

You can start optimizing if you want on the 15 days or the 20 days on 30 days. It doesn't mean that you need to start optimizing within these 7 days and if you don't you just lost the campaign. You can start doing cuts whenever you want but you just lost time and you lost money if you haven't done so.

Especially if you close the campaign and you start a new one, you lost all of your effort there and all of your data. Got it another question here in my testicles, for sure if he says testicles here, most probably he's using Google Translate as I told you because I asked him what do you mean by testicles? When I upload a campaign in CBO with several sets, the first 3 days I don't have ROI and either I tie or I lose.

Is it normal to take these days for you to perform? No, it's not normal. Most probably in the first 24-48 hours you need to have a sale.

If you don't have sales into your campaign, don't keep optimizing it and just abandon the campaign. There's no point for you to continue having a campaign expecting to get a sale because we always say that in the first 24-48 hours Facebook is favoring a lot your results because they want you to have good results. No, they don't want you to have good results.

They want you to have a purchase or two in order for the algorithm to understand that these are people that they bought. Let's find similar people to these people. So this is how it's working and if you don't have sales in the first 24-48 hours most probably it's a ruined campaign unless if you have a big delay into your reporting but still in the 48 hours you will have some results.

If you have zero sales I wouldn't try it more with this, I would try something else. And then he tells me that he's using Google Translate because I asked him about the testicle things. Let's go to the next question.

Kostantinos, some people run video view campaigns of some content and then conversion campaigns to those who engaged. What's a decent amount of time? I like to use one example for that just so that we can be on the same page.

It's the example of the people who are inmates inside the prison and one guy like me goes and gives them a leaflet, gives them a leaflet for a vacation. In the next three days they have to book a vacation to Mykonos. These people they are going to engage with a leaflet because they don't have any other option.

They're going to engage with a leaflet and they're going to watch it and see and stuff. But this doesn't mean that they are going to buy because they're inside the prison and they cannot go. The same thing is happening with engagement campaigns.

Somehow Facebook is making people engage with these videos or it's showing to people that they, you know, that all the time they're engaging and they do nothing else. So retargeting these people it doesn't mean that because they engaged, because they were forced to engage like the people inside the prison with a leaflet, with a vacation that these people are going to convert. This is a very old tactic and it's a tactic which is coming from the past which is when we were even doing campaigns for video views worldwide so that we can get cheaper view and then we were retargeting with the, we were creating lookalikes for United States based on who has seen the 95% or 75% of the video.

The whole, this whole concept is now not valid anymore because Facebook is more than capable of understanding who is going to just view, who is going to buy. Before that the algorithm was a little bit more naive and it was giving you also people that they were going to buy inside these audiences. But right now, especially in United States, you can see that Facebook can really recognize who is just going to engage and never going to buy and these are the people that they're going to watch the video when you run engagement campaigns or video view campaigns.

In smaller countries this is, this is not so accurate because for example in Greece, Switzerland or smaller countries, when you do that maybe it's going to work or even when you optimize for example for checkout it can work because within these people there are not enough people that are only going to do checkout or only going to engage. There are also going to be people blended there that they also buy. So in bigger countries like United States that Facebook has option of a lot of people that it can use for engagement campaigns and such, I can tell you that you will get zero sales out of of that or maybe one random.

Then we go to Bissal, wondering if anyone has experienced extreme volatility in the last few weeks. For example, ROS on Friday was 4.7 and then the next day ROS was 0.78. No changes were made to my ads or website.

Welcome to Facebook. Facebook is having this kind of bursts all the time and we can see this kind of inconsistency all the time. You have to be used to it.

You have to be able to overcome it and not get stressed and start doing changes. The problem is not if you have done changes when you are having 4.7. The problem is to keep yourself composed and not do any changes, fast changes because you have 0.78 and this is what is going to help you to differentiate from others and have better profits.

You need to have a nervous of steel. But no, I haven't experienced something so crazy on my ad accounts. Hi Konstantinos, thank you for your video question.

I'm currently running ads on a new account targeting interest to Canada only. I'm asked to be profitable getting a few sales here and there with good ROS. The store has only one product with app sales.

My plan is to run ads to USA too. My question is, the data that my Pixel is collecting now for the Canadian users will be relevant when I'll target USA users too. I think that these audiences they are close together.

I have an accounts that they have pixels with United States and Canada and they are working well. Or should I do everything all over again? I wouldn't do a new Pixel.

At least I wouldn't do a new Pixel without testing the Pixel that I already have. From my understanding it's not like you have a crazy optimized Pixel for Canada because you tell me that it's a new thing and stuff. So for sure I would have tried to do it with one Pixel.

As for why I target only Canada right now is because I found out that the CPM and clicks are much cheaper than US. And I also told him that okay, the CPMs and clicks, the point is the sales okay, because everybody's advertising on the United States for the sales, not for the CPMs. But at the end of the day what I told him is that he should run ads on Quebec area with a French copy and language because this area is underserved and he could even get even cheaper CPMs and clicks.

This is something that I have done a lot of times in United, in Canada when I'm having clients that they are selling there. And it's an underserved audience and it's working pretty well. Not for super scaling but it can bring you some sales if you don't have a lot.

I have one thing here from App Work. It says, looking for Facebook data expert that has experience with custom audiences. I'm looking for a Facebook data expert who has experience utilizing custom audiences.

I created a custom audience campaign not too long ago. It's generating amazing results this first week and then stopped producing current results the following weeks. Now, if he's referring to custom audiences, as custom audiences as we know them, these are very small audiences and they come from the website and stuff.

And he says, really trying to figure out why this campaign dropped off and how to make a consistently effective custom audience Facebook ad campaign. Well, most probably dropped off because you were having a very small audience over here with a custom audience which was very small. So, I'm not amazed that this happened.

Now, if he's referring to creating audiences with interest and stuff and that it didn't work, okay, it's another discussion. But if he's referring to custom audiences that you do in the audience section with events from your website and stuff, of course, it's not going to work for a long time and it's going to work for a small time because it's like a retargeting campaign. Anyway, that's what I wanted to mention about that.

Next one. Hey, Konstantinos, are you saying that the only solution to this problem is first duplicate the creative? He's talking about post IDs.

I use first duplicate the creative in the Facebook page and then select the post ID of that post and run it like an ad. That ad will show in Instagram and Facebook as well, but what can I do to run the same video in different placements. For example, I usually run Facebook video ads and I use a vertical video ad for Instagram and Facebook stories at least 16x9.

I think that you mean 9x16 resolution and a normal square video to the Instagram and Facebook feed. I have the same creative adapted to different placements and I don't know how to manage that. and also do you know about this error what happened?

It was an error and stuff, but guys, don't ask me questions about errors. If I have something I'm going to post it, but you cannot just say I see the error 56, 37 and stuff. I'm not the algorithm.

If I just have seen some errors and I found ways of fixing it, nothing more. No, I don't know how to fix that error. Thanks for taking the time to read it.

I really appreciate it. The only thing that I can say about that because I had a very extensive discussion with him on Instagram after that is this. You cannot have everything first of all.

If you want to run on all of the placements, the post that you need to do is a feed post one by one and then use automatic placements, but it's not going to look as a 9x16 creative. Also, you cannot just put a post ID there and then hide it so that it's not going to be visible on the page but only be visible on the ads. So, this is not an option also.

When you post something into your Facebook page then you can use it as a post ID. If you want to use it, you have two options. Either you are going to do one by one feed that you are going to use with automatic placements or with only feed placements, whatever you want, or you're going to do a story or a reel and you're going to use it with only stories or reels placements if you want to have that.

Next question from Yasumu. Hey, thanks for the update on that. Does it mean that no custom domain is needed anymore?

The custom domain is not needed anymore. It's not mandatory in order to run ads as long as we have also the aggregate events that they have been removed. But I can tell you that you can still add it but it's not necessary on the ad level on the bottom to put the domain.

It's not necessary to have it if you want to advertise but you can still add it. It's not removed as an option to have it there but it's not mandatory. But it's not necessary.

It's not necessary. Next one. I have a thing here from a page, not from page, from Upwork.

We have three more. Okay, so bear with me. Social media marketing to generate sales introduction.

I have a new online business selling as an Amazon affiliate. It is an automated site that updates products and blogs every 24 hours. Not that I want to generate sales by getting the website known.

Job. Choose one product around which to plant so many problems over here. So we have a guy that has...

I have a new online business selling as an Amazon affiliate. When I hear affiliate I'm really afraid. Most of the people that they do affiliate marketing they're lazy people.

It's an automated site. Whoever has an automated site and basically this is the dream that I want to have something that's going to produce my money to do whatever the f**k I want without working. That updates products and blogs every 24 hours.

Now I want to generate sales by getting the website known. The Job. Choose one product around which to plan and launch a three-day Facebook campaign.

I have to delete the mask so I don't use those. He was selling masks for Swaubli. The other thing is that he's telling you just choose a product it doesn't matter.

Your work. Review the site. We're going to hide the site over here of course.

Choose three products you think will sell well. Craft a three-day bleach-like campaign for Facebook. Present your demographics and advertisement options.

Also since you do this regularly project the cost. So he's a clueless person that has never advertised on Facebook and he's saying some things that are so completely different from the logic of Facebook. Facebook is for the long term.

It's not there so that you can do a campaign for two days just take the profits and leave. No. We have...

This is why we talk about optimization. The second thing is over here it says a bleach-like campaign for Facebook. There are no bleach-like campaigns for Facebook that you just run them and you know they just have results immediately and then you close them.

Then you talk about... Since you do this regularly project the cost. How the would somebody know the cost of one of any product that you want to pick from there?

Why am I showing you this? I'm showing you this because the fact that you had an idea it doesn't mean that you can just start using it and advertise with it on Facebook. Also you need to understand that whoever is lazy and whoever wants to have easy solutions and stuff Facebook is not like this and it needs much more effort and especially e-commerce needs even more effort than that.

So I'm just putting this year to show the mindset that is wrong to have when you're doing Facebook ads and the e-commerce in general. Next one, last one basically. I have built my store to look as good as possible and function good as well.

I just need to make more sales. Help me make my first sales and I will pay you accordingly, my friend. Thank you.

The thing here is this. This person doesn't understand that the fact that the store looks good for him is not good for you and you think that you made a good summer. It doesn't mean anything.

Maybe it's not good. Maybe it's not going to convert. Okay.

So the thing is that there are a lot of people... If it was that easy for everyone to just create a website and just starting advertising just because you built a shop and stuff everybody would have done it. It needs more than that.

It needs proof of concept. It needs to have a product that's selling good numbers and everything and it's not like because you just make a store look as good as possible and function good that it's going to sell. It's not the thing that it's making e-commerce stores profitable or not.

Let's go to the freelance asset areas and then I will let you go because I think that I made this podcast super long but we had so much to discuss. Anyway, I'm looking for someone to run Facebook ad campaigns for 30 days. I'm looking for someone who could potentially run not just one but all of my ad campaigns.

Your pay will be based on what I charge the customer and if you are doing a good job. Okay. I need proof of past successful campaigns.

I would also... I also would not only like to be a business partner but friends. So, I'm really looking for a long term partner.

Before we start work, I would like to chat with you over Zoom to get to know you better. So, he's treating you not like a friend because he's saying that you will be... you will be paid based on how the...

how I charge the customer and all of that. and then he says that he also needs to have a friend but not only someone who is going to be and a business partner. Okay.

He doesn't want a business partner. He wants a friend. Let me tell you this.

You can have your friends and you can have the people that you are working with. You will never be able to become a friend with... really a friend with someone that you are working with together.

Because it's a completely different relationship. Okay. And there's money involved.

When is money involved, there are no true friendships inside businesses. So, it's a little bit naive of him to think that you can have friends within the business. Look, it's completely different.

For example, it's like the relationship that you have an employee with the employer. You can like the other person a lot and you can think super highly of that person but it doesn't mean that you are going to become friends. Because you have a different relationship.

He or she is working for you or you are working for he or she. So, the situation is that this relationship is never going to become friendly. Okay.

And suddenly this is the truth and whoever faces that it's having much better relationship with the others because both of the people they know their roles. You cannot just have a business and just think that you are friends with them. And as we say in Greece and I heard this a lot from employees and I used to work in a business like this, whenever somebody says we are a family here and we are friends and we're working, most probably is doing it because they want you to work more than your eight hours per day and they want to make you work more.

So, I would try to avoid friendships within a job, not between employees, but between the boss for example and the employee or between two partners. They cannot be friends. They just have very distinct roles of not being friends.

Anyway, that's all. I just like to not answer only Facebook ads questions but a little bit about mindset about businesses and stuff and e-commerce and stuff because I was doing it and I know how it is. That's all.

It's a pretty big video. I'm exhausted from talking for so long and I will see you guys in the next one. This was the Facebook ads Breaking News Podcast.

Like it or not, it is what it is. I'm exhausted from talking for so long and I will see you guys in the next one. I'm out.

I'm out. I'm out. I'm out.

I'm out. I'm out. I'm out.

I'm out. I'm out.