Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast just before Black Friday and today we're going to discuss about some things and some questions that I have gathered from the previous week. So just a little bit about the Black Friday ads, everything started smoothly on my end.

I have started ads for some of the brands with big spend one week ago, everything is going well. I have no resistances so far, very high ROAS, high volume of spend and everything, everything is doing well. Most probably I will be able to spend on the bigger accounts that I told you half a million and stuff after the scaling.

I'm talking about the case studies that we all know. And the good part also is that there are some news from Meta that they send me a message that they want to do one brand that I'm working with as an official case study for Meta because of the big scaling that they have done. That's huge for me.

It means recognition, it means that, you know, they are realizing also that it's a big spend and a huge improvement which means that based on the average results of others they think that this was something special which is amazing and it's going to become an official Meta case study. What I didn't like a lot is that they have a question, some questions to fill in which they are forcing you to say what you have done in order to improve it. But what can I say that I wasn't using consolidation and I did several campaigns and stuff.

So they're just pushing you a little bit to say things that they want based on the good performing strategies that they have. But yeah, I guess that's the only thing which makes me think a little bit about the other case studies. Are there people forced to say things in order to become official?

Anyway, what have I done? I told the truth, you know. I tried to say how Advantage Plus has helped me.

I tried to say how I was testing, how the results were improved. But if I had to put the whole picture I would have to say about not using consolidation and stuff which is something that I didn't do. On the other hand, I just read some other case studies from other brands.

I don't know how honest people were about the things but still these are ad accounts that they're working and people should watch what they have done in order to get some inspiration. And also it's good for me because I never had another company being as a case study because of the way that I did ads and I have improved the results and scaled so much. Next one, basically I have nothing else to tell you about news and everything.

There's only one thing that I want to discuss. I have it here. So I got a question today from one friend.

He says, hi question, our broad audience is reduced by 70% in Europe. For example, Netherlands was 13 million, now it's 3.1 million. In this case, is this the case for you either?

The truth is yes. I was watching the other time I had some saved audiences with some interests and when I tried to use them again, I was saying that this was having potential rates of 7 million, but I was using it, it was having 500k, something like that. So I started thinking that maybe I did a mistake.

Then I checked another account and still the same. So I believe that it's the message that all the people got in EU. If you don't live in EU, just so you know, we got a message recently that says, do you want to be advertised on Facebook or not?

And if not, you have to pay a fee about that. Of course, I pressed no. And I think, I thought that a lot of people would press no because nobody would like to pay.

It's not like YouTube, for example. And even in YouTube, a lot of people don't pay so that they don't see any ads. I'm pretty sure there are some because they are super annoyed, especially in the late period.

But I'm pretty sure there are others that are using Adblock. Adblock is not working anymore, another program, I don't remember how they call it. Because I'm also someone who is doing Facebook ads, I'm not using any program, but I know that a lot of my friends do.

So maybe it's related to that and maybe a lot of people are not going to be advertised anymore in EU because they are going to be paying their subscriptions, so we have less potential. I don't know. Also, this past week we have a lot of bugs within the platform.

One bug that I have seen, for example, is that, and he also mentioned that, in several cases on the PageScore pages, I would see that despite the fact that we have a new PageScore interface, some people have gone to the old one and they have decreased their rating by one. For example, they used to have four in the new page. I have created a video of how this new PageScore system page looks, the interface, and now I have seen that there was a rollback to the old interface and instead of having four, they were having three as rating, which was very strange also.

I have seen it also as a bug. Another bug, I onboarded one client, I wanted to add one more ad account for some workload help and despite the fact that it was inside the ad account saying that it has privileges, he didn't have privileges on the Page, the next day it was resolved. So, on its own, it was resolved.

We didn't do anything. So basically, there are several bugs right now on the Facebook platform and it makes sense. The previous year, I want to remind you that on December, we had a very big, let's say, not stream, but let's say a very big hit with several scammers that scammed a lot of ad accounts and a lot of accounts got banned but because everybody went on vacation meta, they got their ad accounts on January, February later, which was crazy.

So, there are several cases like that. Be careful. One last note that I want to put here is that I do have a company which is involved with ticket ruffles for more than three years now.

Very big spend. There are some videos that I have showed you. They have between half a million and one million spent per month but it's not a super spectacular account show because there are tickets, you know, and basically, we might operate with 1.2 ROAS, for example, just for one million spent.

So, a lot of people are getting triggered if they don't see good ROAS. For me, I don't care if they get triggered or not because I'm making a good amount of money from this account but maybe it's a little bit problematic in terms of people being confused or thinking, for example, that my strategies work only for these small profit margins. It's not like that.

It is that, for example, if you see 5 ROAS, you might say, okay, this is 5 ROAS, let me test this strategy and it's working for their own thing but they're being convinced because they believe in the dream of 5 ROAS. I never said that my strategies will give you 5 or 4 or 4, it doesn't matter. I'm just saying that it's helping easier people to just test my things in order to find something that's going to work because a lot of these things are working provenly now and you can see the comments and everything from people which I cannot control so it's coming from them.

So, that being said, test my strategies first of all, but secondly about this gamble, it falls under the gamble category even if it is a non-profit organization. I'm not going to go into more details, the people who are in the niche they will understand. There was some rejections that I was having in the ads for a long period and now Meta has a new paper form that you have to fill in in order to be able to advertise in the gamble area and I was very hesitant of doing it because, to be honest with you, I don't trust Meta.

When it comes to paperwork and stuff, you might be... It's like the special categories, for example, you list it under the special category for no reason and then you just have your ad account being f***ed. This paperwork, for example, I was afraid that maybe they were going to limit me on advertising on specific states because of different laws and everything.

Eventually, after three months of having a lot of rejected ads and issues and everything, we filled the paperwork. Yesterday, I had zero rejected ads. So, I'm just letting you know that so far my experience has been good with filling the form about gambling and I haven't seen anything crazy.

So, if you have the same issues and you are reluctant on doing it, I would tell you... I would not tell you to do it. I will tell you that I have done it and so far I have no issues.

The reason that I'm doing this and not doing it in two or three months is because, guys, it has been very difficult for me in the past three months with all of these rejections, all the time rejections, rejections and trying to combat this. So, I got tired and I filled up the paperwork. If you are also tired like me, I have done it in the past two, three days.

I have zero issues with it and the results are good. Today, I had three rejections but comparing to the 150, I was waking up and watching 150 rejections, it's nothing. Maybe now that I will start upping the budget again, maybe I will see more.

So, if you want, you can wait for next week and I will let you know about it. Now, let's go to your questions. Let's go to the first question.

I would like to start with this one because it has another one. So, this one. Thanks for sharing, Konstantinos.

I have three different creatives and let's say according to my budget and cost per purchase, I can create 15. So, I create one campaign with five ads for each creative or it would be each creative with we have a campaign which consists 15 of them. No.

As I said in the comment, you have to create one Advanced Plus and just test all of them, you know, and just do it like this. We have Advanced Plus now. If Advanced Plus is working in general in your ad account, you can test like this.

During optimization, is there the lowest point in terms of budget where you no longer use the campaign? For example, for cost per purchase of $4, you wouldn't go below $15 or even if the budget is $10 and you still make good draws, will you keep it? Now, and then based on my answer, he answers also here.

Okay, so it would be one Advanced Plus campaign with 15 ads total, five for each campaign. Thanks for the clarification with ROAS. I just told him that as long as the average ROAS is good, you can keep it.

At what point can I keep optimizing the campaign before I need to close it? Let's say close if the total budget is already $15, is it too small? Now, something that I need to clarify about this question.

I'm teaching you how to do optimization in CPO, Advanced Plus and stuff and a lot of times we say that in order for us to stabilize the campaign, we might kill some ads but also lower the budget with the ways that I show in the CPO optimization, Advanced Plus optimization. And Advanced Plus not so much, but in CPO optimization we do lower budgets. The other thing that I also say though is that you need to see if this campaign worths your time for optimization because if you're starting with $100 budget and you end up with a campaign of $10, then all of this effort doesn't worth it.

Okay, just do one campaign with one asset and $10 and it's going to have the same results. The point is to... Okay, you can start with $100 but end up with $70, $80, $50 even okay.

But if you do all of that in order to end up with a campaign with $10, it doesn't make any sense. It defeats the whole purpose because you need 10 campaigns of that in order to go to $100. But in the other one, you have one campaign optimized for $70, you do another one optimized for $50 and you have $120 spent which is the total budget that you might want to spend instead of having one campaign which is not optimized.

Okay, I hope that it makes sense. Don't just optimize just to optimize but optimize because it makes sense in order for the numbers to make sense and in order for you to have a campaign that's going to spend all some decent money. Because if you end up with a campaign of $10, then this is not optimization basically.

It's something that you could have done with just one campaign. I'm glad we sold it out. Also, just the effort that you're going to put, the money that you're going to spend, maybe you will go negative initially in order to go profitable.

You will never recuperate your money if you're just profitable with a campaign of $10 and you started with $100. It doesn't make any sense. The other thing is that when you see a campaign, based on your experience, understand if it's worth it.

Okay, does it have a good asset for example that's taking a decent amount of money so that you can have a support over there and be able to spend money, less money or the money that this one spends and support the budget and the spend. If it doesn't have it, don't chase goals, sort of try, just close the campaign and try something else. You need to see also potential into the campaign that you're going to optimize.

This one needs to have it open. Oh, come on. There you go.

Okay. So, let's go to the next one. Hi, Konstantinos.

Thank you for sharing this. I have tested your crazy method and it worked great. I'm really glad to hear that.

I need a few clarification, please. During the optimization on day six, let's say there's 12 assets and I reduced to nine. I only remove asset that is already spending and not generating purchase, right?

If it's not spending much yet, should I keep it? Now, based on that question, when we're doing the optimization, first of all, you have to see the average cost per purchase that you're getting. If you're spending more in one asset with the average cost per purchase and you're not getting any sale or any indication of sales, like let's say, for example, you are getting five checkouts and the ratio that you see in your ad account is that every two checkouts, for example, you get one sale.

Maybe you have sales that they haven't come yet. I doubt this is the case in day six. Most probably I'm talking about day two or three on that.

When you have something spending above your average cost per purchase, you just close it. Now, there is also a point that you might reach the point that you have your winning cards that they are spending and some of those that they are not spending too much. Maybe you want to cut them just to, you know, because they're never going to spend.

The budget has already been decided. Maybe you want to cut also these two or three smalls that they stay on the bottom just to gather all to the ones that they're actually having sales and they're doing. This is something that I'm doing.

If you are afraid, if you don't have experience, you can just leave it. They're just going to spend just a small amount. They're just going to lower a little bit your average price, but it's still fine if you're a beginner with it.

And as I can see, you are new with that. If this is the case, where there's still some ads that haven't spent a lot yet, should I still reduce the campaign budget or leave it be so Facebook can try to spend on need more? Now, it really depends.

If you are left with two or three ads that are working and you see that when you see the yesterday spend, they spend 90% of the budget, for example, and the others they just spend the small, it's fine. Don't reduce the budget. But if you have just one which is working and there are others with very small spend, for example, then you have to calculate how much budget you're going to liberate.

So it's also subject to how much budget you're going to liberate. If it's $10, for example, okay, let it go to the one that's spending. If it's $50 and it goes only to one, there's this problem.

There's a problem because maybe it's going to go to only one, for example, and ruin it. And this is going to create a domino effect of ruining one, then ruining the other, the other. If you have a $50 budget and many ad sets that are going to absorb this budget between many ad sets, it's still fine.

Okay. And another thing is that based on time and based on you working more and more and more with your ad account and the specifications, you will start forming a behavior of when can I do this or that. And sadly, in order to reach that point, you need to do mistakes.

I'm just here to give you the whole strategy on how it works in general. But this changes a little bit here and there based on the cost per purchase of each ad account, the average order value that it has. If it's having higher average value, most of the times we have delayed sales that they are fixing the results a little bit, you have to be more flexible.

All of that, you know, a little bit, it's influencing the way that you're optimizing and sometimes it's changing from ad account to ad account and campaign to campaign and product to product. So you're going to form your own behaviors based on that. What I want you to know from me is the base core strategy on optimization, the base core way that we work with Crazy Method, and the rest is something that you're going to find for your own specific ad account with trial and error.

And based on the remarks that I told you earlier about how much budget you liberate, how many assets there are there left in order to support that and all of that. And we have several optimizations and stuff in the channel that they do explain it. If you want to go deeper, deeper to actually see the more optimization and stuff, you have to go with the course, I guess.

There's one person which was asking something about the course, I think. And maybe it's a good thing. Okay.

So there's this guy that says, also, I got the video about the course. I know you say that it's not a priority to update it, but on the landing page it says it's always updated, trying to see if it will be good to learn from long term. So, about the course.

You know that I have a video that explains everything this way I created it. In the landing page I say that it's always going to be updated. As of now, it is updated.

It's super relevant and I guess there are several people that they have bought it and they didn't say anything bad about it. But I'm not the kind of person who is going to push you to buy it. I'm trying to put a lot of information on the YouTube channel and I just have it, as I said, for the people that they want to go an extra step, especially on CBO optimization.

That being said, the site writes that it's always going to be updated because right now it is updated. If this is not going to be a case scenario for later, I will let you know. But as of now it is updated and if you want to go deeper to CBO optimization, this is the only extra step that you have to make.

If you cannot support it financially, still there's a lot of content in YouTube that you can follow and you can see what is going to work for your ad account individually and train there. You will have to train anyway with your mistakes in the ad account to master it. Let's go to the next one.

Hey, Constantino's great video. Thank you. I've been looking for a new ad strategy and have been debating on buying your course.

Again, someone, I have scaled to high budgets in the past but but have been having difficulties recently with my brand. Just wanted to ask to make sure the content is up to date. So maybe there is a misunderstanding there with people.

Maybe we have to address that, I guess. But I'm addressing it here, I guess. My biggest issue right now is that I went from 100k spent a month to zero due to supply chain issues and now I'm having...

Am I having a call with you today? I think I do. Maybe.

Changes are now having issues with consistency. My current testing strategy is an APO with 10 adsets, 10 to 20 each with 2-4 ads under each ad set, preview winners and new combos. Even if I have really good data and try to scale, it just gets denied and I go negative so I will kill the unprofitable ones and try to launch more testing campaigns.

Well, that's your mistake. I think you're touching too much without establishing campaigns that they work and work only on the new ones. Have been hard getting off the ground to where I can get back to consistent results and begin to scale and advice would be appreciated.

Well, my advice is this. Don't touch too much and you know, I have a video that discusses about the bad periods on Facebook ads. I do believe that there are periods that you have to stay put and there are periods that you have to push.

Whenever you get some good results and increasing, you have to do a new campaign and whenever you are just stable on results or having less results, you don't touch the campaigns that they have been working because they are going to work again. They're just having a tough period. And I'm explaining it very well in this video about the bad periods and stuff.

I don't remember the name. Can you check to tell me the name? Just fast.

The video that we're talking about the bad periods. Right now? Yeah, check it now as I continue.

Okay, so let's continue to the next one. Can we get into the video? The video which we talk about the bad periods.

Remember that we were showing on September from 8 to 18 that we were having bad results? Yeah. Yeah.

So next one. Do we need to add a rule to all campaigns so that we're not targeting the same audience after we duplicate many campaigns? No, I don't like rules and stuff and I don't believe actually into this bull**** about overlapping audiences and all of stuff.

Guys, if you're not spending... And also I have another comment which is talking about that. Yeah, here it is from Alex.

It says, hey people, question for you though. If you have five different products and you want to run three, four tofu campaigns, how would you avoid audience overlap making sure the campaign do not bid against each other? Guys, as these two questions are relevant, so don't be afraid on audience overlap and don't be obsessed with it.

You should start being afraid of it after 200k, 300k. These are just some obstacles that your human brain is bringing to you so that you can come and you can give excuses about the bad results that you have. There's no audience overlap as long as the ROAS is good.

Also, if you're having high spends then, if you're spending 100k, 200k, 300k, 400k and then it makes sense to discuss about audience overlap, let me tell you that what you need to do on that side is to start using different creatives in order to differentiate and try to target the audience that it's your core audience but with different aspects. The example that we give with the car, selling it with a video about specs, selling it with a video about aesthetics and selling it with a video about lifestyle having a beautiful lady next to you driving it. So don't care so much about audience overlap.

This is a theory that you have in your head but doesn't exist in reality. I don't want to hear all the time about audience overlap. These are excuses that we make.

There's no audience overlap. I have scaled out accounts to crazy numbers without having any issues. ROAS is going to decide if something is working or not.

What's the name of the video? It's called Bad Facebook Adperiors and How to Recover. Bad Facebook Adperiors and How to Recover is the video that you have to see in order to understand the patterns that we have between different ad accounts and how to overcome them and that as I explained that in these periods you don't touch nothing because the people that they are going to touch things are the ones that they are going to start losing their budget so that the others that they didn't touch they are going to stay there and they're going to be fine.

It needs from your end to do this kind of stuff and be a little bit more composed and not being afraid and all of that and don't do mistakes because as I said one change here, there, there, there. It's ruining the results. It's opening the Pandora's box as we say and it's making everything more difficult for you to recover.

I have seen a lot of ad accounts because if you think of it we were having a very good month of July and August and then September was bad and October was bad and as I said I was doing a small amount of consulting calls on July. Everything was going well for people and I was doing many consulting calls in September because the people started touching things after these campaigns working very well and they were not patient so they ruined their ad accounts and this is good for us I guess that we don't touch things because a lot of people that they spend more and more because they scaled on these periods then they just lose their spending because they are touching things and they have to close the ads while when we maintain them we just stay in our budgets because everything is like a market okay and we have the CPMs and we have everything so less ads means that we have better results so the first people that are going to lose their ads and they're going to lose their spend are the ones that are helping the others that they are not doing that or they have better profit margins that they're able to keep them to be profitable and continue doing it. Next one Hello do we need a different pixel for each ad set that is targeting each country or can we use a single picture for multiple countries?

Thanks. I have seen several other accounts that they have one pixel for worldwide but I have seen others that they have segmentation most of the times segmentation is USA Canada another one for UK another one for Europe and another one for Australia New Zealand. A lot of times it is related also with different websites and different logistics that you need to have for these different countries but it really depends on how much are you willing to scale those because if you want to scale United States to 500k 500k in United Kingdom and 500k in Australia it's a little bit difficult but a little bit less let's say and you want to do that then you need different pixels it's going to show you the demographics are slightly more different not that you cannot train a global pixel I have seen them and I have used them also but to be honest with you it's much more difficult to train a global pixel so if you if you're a brand that you're willing to spend more and not just in theory because you have data that is backing it up yet that you're having good results and stuff start with another pixel in the other market as I said if not just continue doing it with one pixel still you're going to be fine and maybe you will scale in the future because you trained a global pixel.

Next one, could you send me a video link about account structure or all of the info on the course about it trying to find a video about it on YouTube but can't find anything on it? I have seen this also written from someone in Reddit just so you know I'm not in Reddit I'm not answering stuff just by mistake I was there I'm going to create guys a video about account structure of how we structure accounts basically how much retargeting do we have how much most of the times a healthy balance between retargeting and cold traffic it's 20% retargeting it's 80% cold traffic the truth is that a lot of people now talk about not doing retargeting at all I think it depends on the ad account I'm doing less and less retargeting because now with Advantage Plus we can see that Advantage Plus is taking sales but on the other hand if you put specific rules about the bid of existing customers in Advantage Plus you can actually do more retargeting which is going to help you scale more now about retargeting I do normally one bottom of funnel which is the people who visited the store in the last 30 days and exclude the people that purchased in the last 30 days and I do also middle of funnel which is going to be depending on how much is spent maybe split in two adsets but most of them is in just one ad set visitors of website 180 days in this engager for instagram 220 days and the facebook engager 220 days 220 is just because I like the number you can do 250 250 365 you can go up to 365 it's up to you for me I have seen that between 200 and 250 was the sweet spot because when I was going to 365 for some reason that were not working but this is something this is a perception that I formed two years ago and I just keep using 220. It's also lag you know people like me that they spend a lot of money on facebook ads we have also our lucky charms and everything most of the times we do whatever it's working but for things that they don't influence things we like to do the same things just because we've learned not to touch things when they work on facebook ads anyway it's a complex thing we are strange people in other words so about account structure right now most of the times when we talk about trained ad accounts you will go with several advanced plus campaigns and a lot of creative tests the structure that we have is that we do have campaigns that are working and we do extra campaigns on top of that in order to scale while we're maintaining some of the campaigns that are actually working and the other thing that I want to say about it is that when you stop when you when you cannot do more advanced plus campaigns because you can do up to eight for each country then what you can do is that you go and you can create cbo campaigns with my crazy method with broad targeting you can create my crazy method with stack lookalikes which are also something that is working very well for me now this is for established ad accounts and good pixels that they can work like this if advanced plus is not working for you because advanced plus is a good campaign for established businesses because you can also test while you are having results and sales and a lot of times when you scale scale scale a lot you need to put new creatives new creatives new creatives let the old ones work as post ids also and then put the new ones in order to test how to tap the market with new creatives but not using the same assets all the time in order to scale this is a mistake that a lot of times people do when they try to scale and they just use the same assets they don't understand that they have to differentiate and use other creatives also in order to be able to scale this is another thing that i'm seeing lately that people are abusing my crazy method like this for example they try to scale from 100 to 1000 by just doing nine times the same campaign and optimizing it all over again guys it's not going to work like this okay you can do it once or twice if you want to go from 100 to 300 and maybe it's going to work but if you want to scale more and more you need to to scale with more creatives or more products or by tapping to other counters companies but not with the same assets even on the same country if you want to scale you can scale with other products or other creatives even if it is for the same product trying to tap the market from different perspectives about other accounts that they're not trained and they're new maybe advanced plus is not going to work for you so basically the initial structure that you're going to do is you're going to have advanced plus no it's you're going to have cbo campaign which is going to have interests initially several interests see what is working whenever you find something which is good and it's having volume and sales you move it to crazy method and then you try to scale a little bit more eventually you reach the point that you can do lookalikes first you start with different lookalikes within the same campaign like 10% initiate checkout another ad set with 10% purchase another asset with 10% the top 25% another ad set with 10% view content and then you see which ones are working you can use crazy method then for that and then when you see consistently the lookalikes working use crazy method stack lookalikes and then eventually start trying to go towards the broad the broad targeting which is going to help you to establish advanced plus and crazy method broad targeting and then we go again to the category that you have a trained account and you're working like this this is actually that you have and always don't touch whatever is working and whatever is optimized and do new campaigns on top of that so that if they if they fail you you will have at least the other one without jeopardizing your progress and when you work with bigger budgets as you go to bigger budgets like 50 like 100k 200k 300k don't watch the results of each ad campaign individually but do watch the results of the average ad account and don't care if one campaign has 1.7 and and you're getting in the ad account 2.5 still this is a campaign that's giving you volume and you need to watch the ad account as a whole thing not as a campaign like the way that you used to do it when you were spending 100 per day or 500 per day or 1000 per day that's about the structure i think i'm going to make a dedicated video most probably later but i have already locked the videos for the year so most probably you will see that at the start of the year as a new video but here's your answer do you reduce spends during times like christmas new year when sales are slow i try not to if it's possible in the next week we're going to discuss a little bit about how you should treat the period after the black friday and what you should do but other than that i must tell you that i try not to lower my budget the thing that you're missing here is this that on black friday you're going to launch a lot of campaigns so maybe just example you go from 10k spent per day to 20k spent per day then when you're going to and of course you have also some evergreen campaigns as we said that you launch at the start of the month or the middle of the month so that if you were spending 10k to go to 12k then do the black friday ads and go to 22k what is going to happen is that after black friday when you will close the ads you will go back to 12k which is 2k more than the results that the amount that you were spending before boosted results 12k spent boosted with results and data which is going to help you overcome the whole period of december until you reach january and you will start doing other things also don't forget that on the 10th or 8th after black friday on christmas you will have to start doing some promotion for christmas the only catch here is that a lot of times if you have the possibility i like to have deals that they are being supported with email and sms and they have several offers for several days for example one day 50 on lamps second day 50 on rockets third day 20 on lizards okay and fifth day and that if you don't have too many products just split that by two for example instead of doing 10 days of over do five days do do five offers two days each time and more and more if you have less offers so that you can try to a little bit you know convince people to buy after a heavy period of sales which was the black friday and you can start it on 8th or 10th and just run it up to the point that you are able that you are able to know that for sure whoever is going to order they're going to get their item up to the 25th which is the christmas period because people get really angry if they don't get something before the 25th from 25th to the period of 1st january you're going to have some lower period a lot of times people lower their budgets but don't forget that there are going to be a lot that they are going to lower their budget so most probably you should be fine because of the volume of the ads but if even if you're not i think this is a a bullet that you have to dodge on your own by just supporting even losses because you cannot ruin all of the effort that you have done during black friday and christmas period which means that you have to keep it and and support it in order to start strong january as we said black friday periods are periods that they are all about scaling more your ad accounts in order for you to be able to scale more in the whole year they are called attack periods for that reason because the demand is higher than the supply no it's not higher than the supply the demand is higher than the normal demand and the supply is there to cover it with better promotions and stuff and this is a reason that the demand is actually getting higher that means that in that period even with higher cpms we are having better results because more people are buying in that period and they wait for this time of the year that means that we can scale out accounts and we can take other markets from others that they haven't scaled enough and then our job is if we go from 100k to 200k in the black friday period to try to reach the 200k point in the next two three months again so that we can enter the next black friday period with 200 or 250 and try to go to 400k which we're going to reach which we're going to try again to reach in two three months after the black friday period which was an attack period that's a whole way of thinking so for you closing the ads during the sales or whatever during the christmas and stuff it's it's it's like you're ruining your whole your whole project of a year of scaling and maintaining another account in order to scale it and then what you're you're going to just abandon it for five bad days soak the numbers if you can okay sometimes we might be saying things that you cannot support it's totally fine if you cannot some others can and they're going to do it uh yes facebook ad reps do suck yeah my experience with them when i first started started using facebook five years ago or exactly as you described it must have some financial advice to them but their advice did not work so i have still clear of them ever since uh i have been watching uh for a week and really enjoy the theory behind the ads thank you man uh it allows my own observation to be confirmed or dismissed uh which is that which frees up my brain and allows for better decision that's perfect um long story short i think that one week ago i met a couple one week ago or some days ago maybe some days ago uh guys i've lost completely the time i'm i'm just doing ads all day now with black friday i'm even sleeping next to pc i wake up i do ads and i sleep it's it's crazy um the thing not that i complain of i love it uh the thing is this uh they told me that they were working with a rep that they were spending let's say i believe it was 50k and the rep told them to spend 100k so they started for two three months the rep was telling them that it's about the pixel that it's not trained and all of that and then then they start having some bad results but they were waiting for two three months with bad results and everything and then when things went really bad and there was no turning back the rep disappeared these are sales people okay they don't do facebook ads and they try to convince you to do things because they also have goals like every sales people and this is why you should not listen to them and you should listen only to the person that is doing your facebook ads because they have more experience they are running ads everything else that they know the meta revs is just coming from facebook and it's just like their brain washing them with things that these people have never done okay it's like it's like someone trying to teach you bicycle to how to to ride a bicycle just in theory without him have ever done it and falling down in the process of trying to learn how to do bike it's not going to work well so they don't have experience with it okay don't blame them they just do their work that's their work and their work is not technical support their work is sell you more ads if we clear that in our heads we know to whom we're talking to and we are be careful but they're useful in other aspects as we said several times um if you have connection with them just just try it just listen to them sometimes try something sometimes they will give you credit for something it's going to help you they might help your ad account if it gets restricted they're very useful in several ways just don't take into full consideration what they say about facebook ads and how to scale and stuff for example for me it looks like crazy when somebody proposes you okay go from 50k to 100k it's like they don't respect your money you know in a way or after three months disappearing whatever or maybe they didn't disappear maybe meta decided to move them in another department and next one hi i'm thinking about to use one cbo with maybe 10 assets and each added has one uh add and each ad set has several stacked 10 percent lookalikes so stuck lookalikes crazy method can i make it this way or should it abo budget for each asset what's the point of having abo budget we need cbo in order to make them compete with each other this is going to help create the hot pockets in a faster way what's my stack lookalikes video my final question can i use there's no crazy method by the way without cbo crazy method means cbo can i use this campaign next to my advanced plus campaign in my well-trained pixel account or should i stay only with advanced plus and broad targeting thanks marcus marcus you can do i'm doing in several other accounts uh advanced plus then stack lookalikes next to it and stuff i had zero issues with that so you don't have to use another account because you're just switching strategy next one um this is the same no this one let's go to this one hi constantinos i'm following your leads with early success glad to hear this um by the way just so you know uh even if i have negative comments i'm going to put them here it's not like i'm pickpocketing only people that they say good things um i have an advanced plus campaign working well and i have duplicated it and added more creatives perfect 34 ads to more to be made i have used the crazy method with an old ad with sales but zero point you see here he's saying that crazy method didn't work for him but the advanced plus is working with him in the way that we have done it with duplicating with the other as i said it doesn't mean that all the strategies are going to work in all other accounts it's perfectly fine it's perfectly fine just try them you know and see what is working i closed it down and i'm now trying again cbo 10 percent start lookalikes and have used the best performing post from the advanced plus campaigns discovered that you cannot duplicate or cop yeah you cannot copy things from an advanced plus to a normal cbo campaign i just use the post id my thoughts after watching a few videos are can you duplicate an advanced plus then use the crazy method with the best asset uh ad ad as you cannot do it in the same asset level you may have already covered this in a video i have just watched it i haven't just watched it uh yet cheers can you duplicate an advanced plus campaign then use the crazy method with the best ad as you cannot do it it at the asset level i guess he's trying to say that you have an advanced plus you have a good at working then do a cbo um then do a cbo crazy method in order to make it work yeah i guess you can but what's the point of that you can scale your advanced plus you don't have to do another campaign necessarily um but the truth is that when you have an ad which is working on advanced plus you can use it you can use the ad on different methods also because you are covering one one variable here which is the creative if you find the creative which is working then that means that you you are eliminating the possibility that it's the creative is the issue okay so you can start using it in several other strategies and see what works next one hey how to run ads for events i will be running an ad for an event that i think i'm having two days left and two under left in the nr in the ad copy as the day it gets closer will be more powerful in terms of creating urgency i know you're not really supposed to edit ads once they are published so how would you go about doing this any thoughts or tips are highly appreciated guys let's clear something out ads are there in order to bring traffic and then if you want to have urgency or other kind of things you have your landing page you have your landing page you can put their timers you can do email marketing sms marketing with this kind of messaging this is the job of these channels the job of the channels of facebook ads is to be there optimized with a general copy that's going to stay for the whole period and if you want to create urgency and stuff you can create it with the other channels which is the landing page the clocks whatever that may be okay you don't create agency with the facebook ads if it is one week or black friday period or so on you can do it but you don't go there and change the copy whenever you want because you're just ruining your campaigns and it's not going to work for you let me know be sure about that there are other channels that you can do that it's totally fine next one also as the video about the course ah it's the one that we said earlier next one is one thing and then we are over i have a traffic ad running that is doing very well i need some help with the retargeting campaign i made a custom list already but when i attempt to do a conversion ads it says that ad set may get zero purchases and i don't know why need help i do not need anyone to run ads for me i just need someone to explain to me what i did wrong and how i can fix it look how up is the situation with facebook that is putting all of these stupid messages this is a message guys that you're going to get all the time don't be intimidated by the meta except the red ones which means that there is an error and you have to fix it everything else that they're proposing you just have to ignore it and you just need to see videos and stuff and test what is working for you and stuff and don't get intimidated when facebook says that facebook might says for example that you need to run traffic ads instead of conversion ads now i'm having the sense that this person i hope he's not running traffic ads because if you're running traffic ads and you have good results imagine what is going to happen if you run conversion ads and so just ignore these messages guys if you ever see them uh obviously this is an upcore post so this person is not going to see that but uh i guess it's uh i guess it's fine it's his fault not our fault uh let's go to the freelance days and we are out so that we can continue doing facebook ads for the black friday this one are you a results driven marketing professional with a knack with a knack for maximizing conversions through facebook ads and instagram advertising we're looking for a skilled facebook and instagram ad specialist to help boost our online presence and increase conversion rates for our online store why did i put this there are a lot of people that they just focus on facebook and instagram ads and they do believe that everything can be fixed with facebook ads this is this is a delusional way of watching facebook ads you cannot blame facebook ads for a bad so if you um if you are selling for example um a very bad product okay um what does it mean that facebook ads they have to magically find a way of selling it if you have a very bad site how the facebook ads are going to increase the conversion rate over there um there are some cases for example let's say that you have a product which is bad but you're having ads with britney spears most probably you have a bad side also it's going to increase the conversion rate because you had a bad ad and you had people that they have decided that they want to buy it no matter what but i'm guessing that you're not in this situation because in order to have an ad with britain spears for example or whatever that may be you need to have you need to spend a lot of money to that and most probably here we're having a situation that the client is having a very bad conversion rate and thinks that the problem is the facebook ads without seeing that in reality facebook ads is an intermediate which is going to connect the product with the landing page and the pricing and the offer and everything so stop thinking if you are here and you are watching this stop thinking that the facebook ads are going to improve your conversion rates facebook ads are just going to connect people so that you can test your conversion rates they come if your click-through rates and everything is fine and in normal healthy levels and let's say that you have click-through rates of two or three or 1.5 percent even which is working and you have a cost per unique click below two dollars for example these numbers are just some general average numbers maybe companies they need much less or much more in order to work if you have these numbers and you get a good indication that the traffic is normal and the cpm's are normal and everything then how can you blame the ads for the conversion rates of the site maybe the price is off maybe the offer is off this is why most of the times i don't like to work with startups that they haven't cracked the code because there is always a period that when you start a brand you start and you have a product the price landing page and stuff and a lot of times it's taking a lot of time so that you can calibrate each one of the things in order to work and so that you can be ready to advertise and start scaling on facebook so most of the times when you go with startups you have to just go and and figure out and just discover all of these things and most of the times if you are not lucky enough or fast enough or whatever it's not about skill it's about luck also you might be fired and the third person based on the progress that the two previous did for example or the fourth based on the progress that the three previous did is going to crack it up and it's going to find something eventually or the pixel is going to catch up with some data and it's going to start improving that's why i don't like to work with startups guys that's it don't don't focus on facebook ads about your conversion rates it's irrelevant unless if you have crazy creatives that they are convincing people to buy before no matter what for example if you're selling a car for 20 dollars and you announce that even if you have the worst landing page in the world and you have this kind of offer people are going to find a way to buy it and check out believe me that being said that's all i had for you we're going to talk before the black the actual black friday but it's already black friday period with ads and everything i hope you are having amazing results i hope that you will continue optimizing don't touch it too much if it's working just let it be don't be afraid during this weekend if you have a little bit of uh retention just watch on the average results and then on monday tuesday they're going to start picking up again so that's all i had i hope that you're going to kill it this period and don't be afraid because always when the black friday period finishes i'm always saying that i should have spent more so don't be afraid and just try to go a little bit over your limits and the next year you will go a bit over your previous limits and so on and you will become more aggressive maybe but in general don't be afraid just try it okay as long as you have a good deal and offer and everything and you see some good initial results it's going to go fine even if you have some resistances during the weekend and some resistances during the black friday weekend after black friday going towards to cyber monday because the numbers are not going to be even close on the saturday and sunday after black friday with the numbers of black friday that's all i had have a nice day guys and i will see you next week this was the facebook ads breaking news podcast like it or not it is what it is