Hello Facebook Ads people! I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hi guys!

Another podcast. So today, first of all I would like to tell you that today it's 24th that I'm recording this of January 2024. I'm seeing lately a drop on the results.

I must say that it wasn't the best January but it had some, especially in the middle of January we had a good week and now I'm seeing a drop across accounts. Of course, I have to notice that my smaller accounts are struggling a little bit. The big ones are still stable, doing fine.

So if you're struggling, also I'm getting messages, this is why I'm saying that. So if you're struggling a little bit, I think it's happening for many. We need to wait and see what is going to happen on February because I'm expecting this month to improve my results in some other accounts.

But in other words, January was meh, not so good, not so bad. So today, and the reason I put this thumbnail, we're going to talk about some Reddit posts. So I need to clarify one or two things first.

First, I saw this comment on my YouTube channel. It says, I saw you get name dropped in a good way on a Reddit post and now I'm hitting up all of your content. I launched a new software product, not just three months ago.

And no matter what I do, I can get positive ROAS. I can get break-even, but can move to the positive for some reason. I'm going to give this a shot and see what happens.

I appreciate the content. And if it works, I'd love to check out your course. Fine.

So just one thing here. Of course, I'm going to hide the name and everything, but just one thing here is that today I would like to talk a little bit about Reddit. First of all, I don't have the time to go there and reply.

Secondly, I have nothing to win over there convincing people about hot pockets and stuff. But I have students and people that I have mentored like Michael that they do go and they reply there and they post comments and stuff because this is what they like to do. This is how they like to express and stuff.

That being said, I'm seeing some posts that they're going viral or how we call them on Reddit with upvotes and stuff. I'm not there. I'm not there.

I'm just seeing them because somebody is going to tell me something about them and everything. I see them go viral without having any, I wouldn't say value, but I would say like any technique, any technical data support. So if you say, don't do this just because it doesn't, it doesn't make it credible.

So you have to say why. Okay. For example, when you say consolidate, for example, you have to say why.

And today I didn't pick one. I did ask from one of my students to pick one that they didn't like so that we can comment it and see what they're writing there. Two more notes before we continue to that.

I do believe that nobody wants to scam someone. Okay. I do believe that this is a way of them posting things so that they can attract people.

Yes. But I don't believe that people have bad intentions. Okay.

Because they put effort to it and write it and everything. Secondly, I believe that everybody shares their own experiences. Okay.

So they share their experiences. The problem is if you are inexperienced and you're posting there, and I will explain in a bit because I read before we start the podcast. I didn't read all of it because I want to have genuine reaction to it, but I read some things that I will go on a little bit to it.

So in my opinion, and because people below there, they're saying thank you very much and stuff. It doesn't make it a good post. And the people should be like this because when people are sharing free information, you should not hate them for that.

But the problem is that when a lot of people say, thank you very much for posting, people think that this is making the post credible. So let's go to that. And then this is the main topic of today.

It's actually a long post. It's a long post. So let's start.

So how to optimize your Facebook ads? Again, this is a random post. It has nothing to do with whoever wrote it and stuff.

But I'm going to say my opinion about the things that it says. Optimizing Facebook ads, it's not one of the common questions I get asked about. So let's jump right in.

What is the best way to optimize Facebook ads in 2024? It depends on whether you're optimizing ads in another account you're taking over or optimizing your own ads. Why is it different?

I don't get why is it different, but let's see. Optimizing ads in a Facebook ad account you are taking over. Optimizing ads in another account you're taking over is easier than optimizing your own ads.

So let's start here. Optimizing ads you're taking over. When you take over management of another account, the first thing you are going to want to do is consolidate the account.

So this is the most crazy thing. Look what he or she is proposing. What do I mean by consolidate?

Many times when you take over management of Facebook ads account, you inherit a mess. Usually the previous agency has 5 to 10 campaigns running with scattered goals and no real directions. So the first thing you're going to do is consolidate all of those campaigns into a single campaign.

That's right. You're going to consolidate the many campaigns into a single campaign. Now, let me tell you that I have seen that happening and the results of it.

It's devastating. So I will not try to talk to this. I will try to talk to this with common sense.

Why don't you check if it's working? For example, if it's working, if these 10 campaigns are working, they have positive ROAs, are you going to just close them just because you want to have one campaign? Okay.

And here comes my second question. If you have done this a lot of times and you lost clients, most probably you wouldn't have done it again. So I feel like this person that's writing this is inexperienced in a way that they haven't been burned by that in order to do it.

And I don't believe that if you have unless if these 5-10 campaigns are not working. Okay. But if these 5-10 campaigns are working and here I'm talking about when I'm doing my videos, when I talk, I try to cover different scenarios.

So if you have 10 campaigns working, why are you going to close them? Okay. Also, all of us that we write in public and stuff or we, I don't write, I do videos, we have to be careful of what we say.

So I do understand that you want to say that in most cases, for example, it's going to be like this. But here you need to clarify that. I want to ask you also, is it going to stay if you have 10 campaigns that are good?

Are you going to keep it? Okay. Also, you talk about different goals.

So yes, I would close also awareness campaigns. I will close also traffic campaigns. You don't need those.

But I would be open keeping a traffic campaign if it has positive ROAS. That's the difference here. Okay.

So going into every ad account and thinking that whatever you do in the previous one is going to work also in the next one, I think it's a wrong mentality. And I think it's coming from you being an experience or you being stubborn, not understanding that even if you have the ad account, you're going to say this was the correct thing to do. So the first thing you're going to do, that's right, you're going to consolidate the many campaigns to single campaign.

When you take over a Facebook ad account, what you'll notice is that the previous agency was creating campaigns to segment audiences when they should have been segmented audiences at the ad set level. This kind of structure spreads your budget too thin and prevents you from exiting the learning phase. Says who?

If it's having good ROAS, says who? Okay. So also I can see learning phase here.

So it means that he's focusing a lot in learning phase. Getting out of learning phase is critically important in today's Facebook advertising world. If you spend your budget too thin, then you'll never exit the learning phase and you will have bad results.

So this is a generalization. So another account which is spending 100 per day and never exits the learning phase because of the 50 events, what is it going to do? Is it going to always have bad results?

This is not accurate guys. You don't have to exit the learning phase in order to have good results. I have videos that I exit the learning phase and ad sets that they are still in the learning phase and there's no significant difference over there.

Learning phase is there, is a good theory, it's there, but it's going to be applied on bigger ad accounts and help, not in smaller accounts. So again, a generalization over here. So if we talk about 100 or 200 spend, of course, if we talk about 100 or 200, you're not going to have 10 campaigns, I guess.

But if we talk about 1000, 2000, okay, you're going to take all of this budget to just one campaign. Also, you talk about optimization. What are you going to optimize in this one campaign?

Then, so the first thing you want to do when optimizing your transitioning on to is to consolidate the main campaigns into a single campaign. I think it's a very bad advice to give because this is going to destroy accounts. You cannot just go and close campaigns, for example, that they have been working there for one year just because you want to push your idea.

Now, okay, set your budget at campaign level. Okay, you've created a new campaign to consolidate the many into one. Perfect.

The next thing you're going to do is set your budget at campaign level. This means you're going to toggle advantage campaign budget and you're going to set the budget at campaign level. Why I'm setting the budget at campaign level?

You're going to set the budget at campaign level because you're going to lean on Facebook algorithms to allocate our budget to the best performing ad sets and the machine is going to do this in real time. I agree also with CBO. Remember earlier how I mentioned you're going to segment our audiences at the asset level.

That's exactly what we're going to do. And instead of you needing to precisely allocate your budget to the campaign or ad set, that's going to drive the best results. You can alleviate yourself of that pressure and allow Facebook machine to allocate your budget to the best performing audiences.

By doing this, you're going to get more results, not a lower cost per results, guaranteed. When I see people say things like guaranteed stuff, I don't understand that they are not running Facebook ads. Maybe he is an AI, maybe Chad GPT wrote that.

Okay, because when you say guaranteed stuff, it means that you don't have experience with Facebook ads or you're delusional. Ad set structure to recover. You create a new campaign and also he's not writing well, he's just repeating himself.

You create a new campaign and you set the budget at the campaign level by toggling on Advantage Plus campaign budget. Now you're ready to move on to our ad sets. But before we dive into, I want to talk about the marketing funnel.

Traditionally, the marketing funnel is made up from proper funnel, middle funnel funnel year. And when you go to university, they tell you, you should have different content for call to actions for each stage of the funnel. But when it comes to Facebook, you can throw away Tofu, Mofu and Bofu on Facebook.

The only thing you need to concern yourself with is prospective audiences and retargeting audiences. Prospective is the targeting. On Facebook, prospecting is called audiences, people who don't know about your brand relative to Facebook.

Okay, basic stuff and your targeting audience. So when you think of the marketing funnel on Facebook, think prospecting and retargeting, basic stuff. Which is fine, okay, because he's talking to people that are not experienced, I guess.

And that's how we're going to set up our ad sets. We're going to have a prospecting asset and a retargeting asset. Well, he's going to put in the same CBO, retargeting and the prospecting asset.

Okay, interesting. So our prospecting asset is going to be broad, meaning that we aren't changing anything. It's 1865 USA and no interest targeting.

If you have existing customers or it, okay, so we need to talk about a lot of things here. So first of all, if you're going to do broad, again a generalization. Let's say that you sell makeup.

Are you still going to target men? You're not going to do only women, for example, in your broad targeting asset. And I'm not talking here about someone using the crazy method, for example, stuff.

I do understand that it's advanced for some or some they can disagree. But when you're going to do one ad set with broad, why don't you think a little bit? Why is it has to be the same recipe everywhere?

Okay, I just see a one trick pony person here. Then it says you're going to exclude your past customers. If you're selling a course, okay.

If you're selling clothing and there are people that they're going to buy again in the next collection, why do you want to exclude them? So again, I don't see it. So some people might say, but other than that, you're going to leave the asset as it is.

So I'm just trying to say here that it's just one recipe that goes everywhere and no thought at all. No thought process to anything. So when you're having repeated customers, why is it bad if you put in even in your call traffic audience, the people there, even if Facebook is going to steal a sale, it's totally fine.

Let it steal it. It's going to still be data that's going to optimize. After all, you are all about exiting the learning phase.

So how are you going to exit the learning phase easier if you don't have data and you are limiting Facebook to only new customers, for example? I'm just saying, okay. So I don't use exclusion on the call unless if it is the business.

For example, if you sell a course that someone buys once, I would exclude the past customers, of course. Then you'll also create a retargeting asset and this will include people who have engaged with your ads, paid social, website, videos, etc. You're going to exclude people who have already converted into sales or leads.

If you want to add a third ad set, this is where you add your lookalike audience. So you're targeting a broad targeting audience. The problem here is that you're doing a CBO and you're putting inside one ad set which is having broad.

What are you going to do if the pixel is not trained, for instance? Are you going to to put just again a broad audience? No matter what, you're not going to change, you're not going to check, for example, the data from the previous campaigns to see which ad set worked better.

Maybe the interests are working right now in this account which is having a new pixel and the CPM is high on the broad targeting. Why do broad? So the things that we say, we need to think of the different categories and the different businesses and the different people that we are trying to help.

Okay, so this is a mistake that I was also doing at the start. I was talking only about bigger accounts and I was forgetting the small ones, you know, because in the big ones you can talk about lookalikes broad and all of that, but in the small ones you have less things to talk about. So the other thing here is in the CBO campaign when you're going to put a retargeting inside with a broad, CBO is going to spend all the money on the broad audience.

It's not okay for you to do a CBO campaign. I have a video which is all about it and I explain it more, but it's not okay to put a CBO campaign and have inside an audience of 200 million people with an audience of 10 000 people, which is even all of your middle of final people who engage with social media, video views, all of that. So if you do that, you defeat the whole purpose and you are actually mixing two different categories.

So why to mix your retargeting ads, which is a very specific warm audience with your call traffic audience and let them compete. You don't want your call traffic to compete with your retargeting. It doesn't make any sense.

You want to put your retargeting with a smaller budget over there. At the end of the day, if you're spending 1 000, for example, in this precious CBO that you're going to do, the only one in the ad account, why are you going to mix together the broad with the retargeting? Even the lookalike that you're proposing as a third ad set over here, it's going to be much smaller comparing to a broad audience.

So here we're talking about zero knowledge on CBO optimization and CBO and how it works, how it distributes budget and all of that. And I don't think that he cares about that. He just cares to to say some clever things and that's it.

Zero thought about the technical side. If you want to add a third ad set, this is where you'll add your lookalike audience. Technically, your lookalike audience is prospecting audience.

So what do you mean technically? It is. So you'll denote that in the ad set name, which might look something like this.

Pro LA 1 to 2 leads or placements. The other two, ad set naming conversion. Okay.

Retargeting, cold placements. Okay. As you can see, we have three ad sets, two prospecting and two are retargeting.

We've set the budget at the Capelli level. So Facebook, a machine can allocate the budget in real time towards the best performing budget. You don't want retargeting to compete with cold.

It doesn't make any sense. Put your retargeting on the site, on another campaign and do... Okay.

I get, you can live broad with lookalike to compete. It's fine. But it doesn't make any sense to include also the retargeting.

I think this is the most crazy thing that I have ever seen. And now I start to realize from where all of these questions to my YouTube channel come from. Because I was thinking why somebody would ask me if they put the retargeting in the same campaign as cold.

So most probably they also feel, the people feel that this is strange and they ask because they have seen it somewhere. You can allocate the budget in real time towards the best performing ad set. Measured by cost per result.

Oh, Facebook is going to do it. Okay. Okay.

What about Facebook ad? Before we jump into the ad, let's discuss reasonable expectations when taking over. Okay.

So guys, most probably here comes the cut. Management of an existing Facebook ad account. When you start managing a Facebook ad account, the first 30 days, your main goal is organized and make the account work better.

So he basically says that for 30 days, the results are going to suck. Why it has to be like that? So let's say that you go in a working ad account.

Okay. And you are having six campaigns and four of them are working. Okay.

Just close the two that are not working and do your thing. Even this stupid CBO campaign. Okay.

I'm not going to use expressions. Even this CBO campaign, just do it by taking all the budget of the other two campaigns that you turned off and do it like this. Why it has to be always 30 days?

So whenever you take another account for 30 days, you have bad results. Why? Sometimes you should not.

What if they come to you before Black Friday? They're going to have 30 bad days on Black Friday. You're going to consolidate campaigns and ad sets as we've discussed.

Once you've consolidated, you're going to need ads to put into your ad sets. What you're going to want to do then is identify the best performing ads and then duplicate them into your new campaigns and ad sets. So here you're going to check what was working better.

But when it comes to targeting, when it comes to what works better in the ad account... By the way, the ad accounts also form behaviors. Okay.

So you might go in an ad account that it might have been trained all of these months that the person is running it to work with a specific type of campaign. This is what you have to follow because the period that you're going to spend in order to train the ad account to the ways that you like most probably it's not going to be enough and the client is going to fire you. But here we are seeing that I just don't get the idea of going into another account and doing the same thing that I do in all the other accounts without thinking anything.

Okay. And I know that if I might talk to this person, he will say, yeah, if it's makeup, I will do only women. If it's that, why don't you write it then?

Why don't you say that? But you say things like this. Why don't you have the responsibility to understand that when you talk to people, some people are going to listen to you because this is how our world is working.

And they're going to make very big damage to their ad account into their pocket. It's not only about, okay, I have a YouTube channel. Okay.

I do this. Okay. I do that.

You have to also feel the responsibility that you have and that you have to be careful of what you say. What are you going to do is identify, okay, in order to duplicate an ad into your ad set, you need to make sure it's optimized for the same event. Yeah.

In other words, okay. I will try to make it faster. Okay.

Let's see this one. So you can only duplicate ads that optimize for purchase into ad set that is already optimized for purchase. If the ad is optimized to view content, you can duplicate it into campaign optimized for leads.

So make sure you pay attention to the optimization event. This will save you a ton of time and headache. Existing ads in existing account.

There will be ads that perform better than others, either measured by volume or corporate result. Okay. What you're going to do is you're going to duplicate these ads into existing campaign and all ad sets.

This will allow you to generate confessions at a fair cost per while you generate new creatives for the account. I agree with that. Speaking of new creatives, the first thing you want to do is identify the best performing ads and create variations.

Correct. This will give you a head start. In fact, you'll find some of the biggest gains by simply tweaking their existing ads with a better copy, text overlay and recall change.

Correct. Okay. Cool.

Facebook Ads Foundation. Here are five ads you need to be using to have your bases covered. Ads vs.

them. Okay. So this is a little bit of theory about ads and I don't care so much about these things because whatever you say, it's going to be correct.

At the end of the day, all of this is correct. If you test it and it works, it's fine. If it doesn't work, you move on, you create other creatives.

Optimizing your own ads. Optimizing your own ads is actually much harder than optimizing an ad account you are taking over. That's because when you're optimizing your own ad account, it means you are trying to optimize to improve on your best ideas.

You didn't launch crappy hooks and ads to begin with after all. So how to improve and optimize? So let's say that you have your own ad account and you try to work on that.

This is easily the hardest job in all of marketing. Optimizing, improving your existing Facebook campaigns. It's not like I set out to launch a campaign that didn't generate that.

It just kind of happened. So let's say that for example, you have an idea but it doesn't work. So one or more of my campaigns are driving results and I need to make some changes.

Here's what I want to do. Spend in learning phase. The first thing I'm going to look is how much of the budget I'm spending in learning phase.

Too much about learning phase. I don't think you should be focused so much on it. But I guess you have bigger problems than learning phase.

Learning phase is just a small thing which is maybe it's causing the other because if you're so fixated with learning phase, maybe this is why you want to do just one campaign. Go to your ads manager. There will be a menu on the left.

Simply clicked on the clock icon. Percent spending learning phase. Okay, I don't do this kind of things.

Optimizing your own ads. First make sure about the five foundation. No, this is also about theory.

Do not make small iterations. In other words, do not test a different background color or front of line. Okay.

That's how it's been working. It's time to shrink the fences, meaning you need and 100 degrees change. You can make tweaks or variations.

Okay, too much about creatives then. Where we can help. So this is his pitch, I guess.

I'm going to read it a little bit to understand. Optimizing Facebook campaigns can feel like a full-time job because it is... So his optimization is basically only focused on creatives.

He doesn't believe that he can improve results. But, and it makes sense because he just does one campaign with one ad set or two or three ads to it. So he's not working at all in the technical and the optimization.

He just works on the creatives. If you're looking for better performance with your Facebook ads, don't hesitate to reach out to us. Not only will we get your Facebook ad accounts performing much better.

Okay, it's a sales pitch, I guess. Okay. We will also provide you our Facebook ad templates.

We'll set up automation, provide your team with SOPs and best practices. Bullsh**. SOPs and best practices are total BS because they don't work for all accounts.

It can work for one. So you have to just be able to be good enough and technical enough to be able to pivot between other accounts and be able to do different things to each other account based on what you are observing there and based on your technical knowledge. Provide weekly coaching and reporting as well as full money-back guarantee if you don't get results within the first 16 days.

Whoever is giving money guarantee back, it means that they don't appreciate their work. So do I give money guarantee back? No, because I know about Facebook.

And whoever doesn't want it, he cannot work with me. It's fine. I'm having many clients.

It's not that I'm in need of that. But whoever is doing that is doing it because they have s*** results. If you have good results, you're not afraid of asking your money at the start of the month and you're not afraid to say that, look, I'm going to try.

There's no guarantee. I'm going to try to get a good deal. But also here I'm reading, in other words, you're not getting leads and closing deals within the first 16 days.

We will work for free until you regroup your money. I did no questions asked. So he's not...

clever guy. So the thing is that from what I understand, he says that if you pay me 5k and another 5k in six days, so let's say 10k, then what I'm going to do, he doesn't say I will give you your money back, is we will work for free until you recoup your money. So either they're going to say, okay, we're going to work for free for two months.

So yeah, or they're going to keep working on the ad account until you have some good results. The problem here guys is this. What if your methods and all of that is not correct and it's wrong and you're actually hurting the business.

The solution after two months is to fire you. So you should give, for example, the money back after 60 days. Okay, give the money back.

If you don't, then you are going to keep hurting the business with your ideas that I disagree with, for example, for a much longer period. And guys, this is a problem with agencies. This is what is being created over here.

Just the mistrust and all of these issues that they're causing because there is no thought behind this post. There is no thought in the work of process. It's just one trick pony and working with the same strategy to all other accounts and everything, which I strongly disagree.

Conclusion, improve your Facebook performance by consolidating campaigns and segment at the asset level. Don't worry. If you see deep in performance, don't worry.

Of course, that is expected by consolidating your teaching Facebook machine to go after your ideal client profile. Okay, so I think that this is total BS. And the person that wrote that either wrote it with ChatGPT or whatever.

It doesn't make any sense. It's a lot of people listening now or when we write into Reddit and stuff because there are people that are going to be harmed in the way with that. Now, maybe there are some people that are going to be harmed also with the things that I say.

Okay. But at least I try to justify it in a technical level, not just saying the learning phase is going to do this. And I get it's a post.

Okay. It's not a video like a one hour podcast to explain everything. But I do know that if I go in a discussion with this person, most probably they would have nothing to say.

Also, having a post like this in Reddit is problematic because you cannot upload the results. For me, it's easier. And this is why I never went to Reddit.

Okay. Because it's easier to come here, tell you something, then take you to my PC and tell you what I observe. And then you can see on your own what is it.

Also, thinking that everything works in every other account, it's stupid at least. Okay. Because every business is different with different numbers and stuff.

You cannot just approach other businesses with the same thing. Last thing. This person most probably doesn't have any experience and can understand it with the way that he writes and stuff.

Maybe he's not even doing the ads and he's an agency owner and somebody else is doing the ads and he just knows the theory. The point here is this. There are many agencies that they follow this, which is just a blueprint.

I don't know if you have seen it in a course or whatever. But we have to be better than this if we want to work with clients and do better. I'm having the sense over here that it's not only a person who is inexperienced, but it's also a person that doesn't care.

Okay. So let's go guys to your questions. We have some and then we will close it.

I'm not going to talk about Reddit anymore. You can say whatever you want about me there. I don't care.

And there's no way that I'm going to also comment in any of the things. I have seen my name pops, not from other people, but my students, if I want to be fair. I have seen that someone called me that I'm full of s***.

But I'm not going to reply and stuff because I told you, I do believe that most people that they have an opinion over there. They have seen some things and they try to explain it. Whoever wants to say something about me or whatever, they can upload the results and we can see.

And I'm not talking about case studies and stuff. I'm talking about, for example, in this specific post, I believe he was mentioning that using interests is very bad. I have a video which I'm uploading.

I don't know if it's uploaded or I will upload that I saw that I started a new ad account and I was doing advanced plus campaign. It was having $30 CPM and then I did the interest that it was having 12 and I started having sales. I'm not saying that I should do interest forever, but I'm just saying that it's just one step for me to go faster to the broad targeting.

If somebody doesn't understand that and even if they go and they see that they have zero sales, they keep doing broad targeting ads and they don't try anything else. That's their problem and that's their issue. Being super strict and saying that whoever is using interest in 2084 is a total idiot, you are the idiot.

If you don't understand, because here we talk about data, you cannot deny data. If I'm showing you a video that I'm showing you the CPM with broad targeting advantage plus broad targeting normal and then interest and then they just having sales and lower CPM, then if you don't understand that, that means that you don't want to admit anything into your life. Okay, so whoever wants to say something and say that this is this and that and that, they can post a video.

They can say, I believe that Konstantinos is wrong because I'm saying this and that and that and that and that. The problem here is that I'm going to be open to see because I do believe that all of us were observing things and I'm listening. Okay, but there are people that they don't listen.

They talk about one structure campaign. They talk about not using interests. There is not such thing like every setting, for example, in Facebook has a use.

Okay, even lookalikes lookalikes are working in some other accounts. Let's say that you go and run an account. Okay, just to put it in a simple way and you're doing interests that don't work.

You're doing broad, it doesn't work and you're doing lookalikes and they work. Okay, they work, they work, you observe, they work, you have sales. Why don't you continue doing lookalikes and try other things in the meanwhile.

Okay, don't just say never use lookalikes. Okay, there are not bad settings on Facebook ads. It's just the way that we're using them.

Okay, so and I do know that everybody says their truth and what they see on the ads manager but I don't believe that there's one person commenting below we don't hold the only truth. Not me, not anyone. Okay, so we have to be careful of what we say and we just have to observe and we have to be able to understand that if we see something working on Facebook, that's the whole deal.

It's not about me proving that crazy method works and if someone comes and tells me that crazy method doesn't work on his account, I'm not going to say just that crazy method works everywhere. No, I'm saying that maybe it doesn't work in your account. Maybe maybe you don't know how to optimize it.

Maybe it's not going to work anyway into your ad account and you have to do more simple structure campaigns to your ad account. So that being said, I'm not going to talk again about Reddit. You can do whatever you want there, guys.

I do understand that it's a way for you to find leads and everything. I hope that not a lot of people are going to share it along the way with all of these. Some of those are stupid suggestions and good for you, but sadly for others, I don't have the time to just go there and start commenting on everything and I don't want to, to be honest with you.

I feel like it would be exhausting to just reply in all of that and I have nothing to win because I don't want to get any clients from Reddit. Let's go, guys. Questions.

Enough for Reddit. That's a drama, but the reason that I have this thumbnail is because like a**holes, everybody has an opinion. Okay?

And that's the problem of our society right now is social media. Just because Konstantinos has a YouTube channel or just because someone posts on Reddit and he has many votes, it doesn't make what I say or he says or the other person says credible or correct. You are here to see everything, observe the information, try to analyze it, test it on your ad account and see if it's working or not.

And maybe something is going to work from me, something is going to work that you have seen on Ben Heath, something is going to work that you have seen on Ben Theriot, something is going to work that you have seen on Charles or whoever else has a channel or this person that wrote. Maybe he's going to write another post and it's going to be good with some good information. Enough.

Let's go. Do you think when you change just a name on the ad that it resets the optimization after you publish such a small change? Guys, when you change the budget, it can take you out of the learning phase, of course, with another way, but not with that way.

It's not resetting your ad. But when you change the ad set name, the campaign name, the ad name, this is not going to reset the campaign. Okay?

Don't worry about that. Everything else it does. If you change a comma into your copy, it's going to.

Hey, Konstantinos, congrats on the house. Thanks. I was wondering if you could help me out a bit.

I'm newcomer to your videos. Welcome. I have a kinda new pixel running a skincare brand.

I have tried broad from day one and while I get some sales. It isn't consistent. I'm also selling in Australia at the moment targeting mature women.

For example, over here, while in USA it would be okay, let's do one or two campaigns with broad targeting. Let's see if it's working. And if it doesn't, let's move to interest.

In Australia, because it's only 20 million people, which is just an interest, you can start with broad targeting right away. It's not an issue. Do you see how different it is from country to country, from situation to situation?

Also broad targeting here from skincare means that he's going to target women only, which means that he's not going to target men and women. So it's going to be a smaller audience. So maybe it goes to 10 million, for example, or 12 million for women.

And even mature women. So this is going to be seven, eight million. Of course, he's going to do broad targeting and he's going to have some sales.

Does he have to test in this? Yes, in order to see what kind of CPM he gets. It's not bad, you know, to test.

So he says, I have started a new CBO campaign with 10 different assets. Each one having one different interest on the asset level. I have three creatives using post IDs.

There is one, these ones, sometimes generated sales. Is it okay structure to begin? So if you were in the United States, for sure, 100% because you would have to test different interests there.

You cannot go immediately to broad targeting. It would be too much for your pick. But even if I say that you should not, I also go into other accounts and I do one campaign.

I do try it immediately because it's going to make also my life easier if broad targeting is going to work. On the other hand, we go here in Australia, which is a completely different case. And I can tell you that in Australia, for instance, with such a small audience, you can work immediately with broad targeting.

So I would try mostly to do Advantage Plus campaigns with my creatives. I will try also interests and if it's working, it's working, I will try to see where should I spend more money so that I can pivot a little bit to lookalikes. And after lookalikes are working perfectly, I will just go to broad targeting over here because in Australia, it's also a small country, so it doesn't work to do lookalikes at all.

Okay. It's not like United States that you can do 10% lookalikes and it's actually a good big audience. It is okay structure.

You're at the start. So there's not such as okay or bad structure, unless if you put retargeting inside the CBO campaign with your cold traffic audience. But yeah, by the way, on that note, you should not even do middle of funnel and bottom funnel retargeting in the same CBO.

You don't want your middle of funnel and bottom funnel to compete. These are... You want broad targeting audiences and cold traffic audiences to compete with each other.

You don't care about your retargeting competitor. Your retargeting is already good traffic. Okay.

You don't want if it's coming from conversion ads and not from traffic ads. Okay. So do you see how I talk?

I'm not certain about anything. So for example, I don't say all of your retargeting traffic is okay. I'm saying if it's coming from conversion ads, not from traffic ads.

Okay. We have to be careful of what we say and how we phrase things. Okay.

So because someone might listen to this and he says, okay, I'm going to do a lot of traffic campaign, very cheap, and then I'm going to retarget. This is not a retargeting audience. This is just a junk audience that you created from traffic campaigns.

I'm talking about the retargeting audience getting from conversion ads. This retargeting audience is already a good audience. You don't have to go and just filter it more by making it compete with other audiences.

And the reason that it's not going to win in a CBO campaign, it's because it doesn't have volume. When you have 10,000 people and then it has to target 200 million people on a broad targeting, it's going to spend all the money to the 200 million people. It doesn't have the volume to compete with the broad targeting.

Next one. Hello again, in your recent podcast and other videos, you mentioned that the first day of running ads is usually particularly successful as Facebook aims to motivate us to continue working on an optimizing campaign. Okay.

You take the conspiracy theory part. The reason that it's doing that is because Facebook wants to give you some initial results. Okay.

Because Facebook optimizes with conversion events and it says a purchase event. So it says, give him one purchase, give him two purchases so that it can start, so that the algorithm can start understanding which which people it has to target so that it can give you more sales. It's like you're starting a machine.

It has to start, you know, and after that it's working and all of that. So it tries to start the process like this giving you low hanging fruits. Over the last two days I've been trying dynamic ads on CBO campaign with 40 as my budget.

Yesterday I turned it off and spending around 30 without any orders. Whereas in successful campaigns my usual order cost is 6. Today after spending 18, I still haven't received any orders.

My product was selling not long ago. I'm confident in it. Should I, for example, I think that you're taking decisions super fast here.

Today, for example, let the campaign spend 50% of the budget 20. Sorry, sorry that's all that. I do understand that, sorry, I do understand that 20 bucks is important for you.

It's just funny in the way that you try, it's just funny in the way that you try to cut the corners here, you know, you try to find a solution to be cost efficient and stuff. And if no orders are received, turn it off and set it up for the next day. How does daily starting on the campaign impact subsequent launches?

Well, that's the other thing. I'm saying things, I'm saying that, for example, if one campaign stops working, it doesn't mean that it's over. You can just take it and relance it.

And then there are people that they say, okay, he said, every 24 hours we get good results. And if we relance a campaign, we're going to result. So what if I relance a campaign every day?

Okay. This is abusing guys. This is abusing of something.

Okay. Abusing is not nice in any way. Okay.

So even if you're smoking one cigarette per day, I guess it's fine. But if you smoke 10 packages, it's not fine, you know. People say that you can drink one glass of wine.

If you drink one bottle of wine every day, you will have a problem, I guess. There are people doing it and they have zero issues. If it was a negative effect, what's the best approach in this situation?

Thanks in advance, your content helps me learn something new every day and at home I'm moving to the right direction. You will eventually. I replied to him, you always take decisions based on 24, 48, 72 hours etc.

I get that you have limited budget, but at least take decisions after the first 24 hours! He says after that, thanks. After I wrote the comment above, I received three orders.

That is totally approving your words. I know. Thank God you didn't close them.

Okay. So just because you don't have budget. So let's be realistic over here.

If you don't have budget, it's not a problem for Facebook. Okay. It's your problem.

I do understand that you try to be cost efficient and stuff and you're not making the sales and everything. But the reality is this. If you want to have an expensive car and you don't have gas to put in it, well, that's your problem.

It's not the fault of the car, you know, that it cannot run without any gas. Next one. Thank you very much for your answers.

I apologize in advance for the lengthy explanation before the question. But I've been running Facebook ads for several years with varying success and I would like to provide some context. Before I started exploring your channel six days ago and making advertising decisions based on your advice and took the entire process more deeply rather than in accordance with the advice of Blueprint or Facebook official consultants or just rely on my own intuition.

I used to run various campaigns on the advertising accounts often with ABO and without going through the pixel training stages. I would frequently run broad targeting, turning it on and off the next day if there were no results. Additionally, I used the landing page only with a pixel without API.

Okay, you're not the only one, I guess. Over the last six months, I spent 6500 and I've had 12 successful campaigns. I thought 12 sales.

I read 12 and I did 12 sales. They said, oh my God, this guy is in pain. I didn't have a consistent sequence where every campaign resulted in sales upon launch.

I was only on average every third campaign. I was on average every single day. Now my question is, should I continue using the same advertising account or pixel for my ads?

Yeah, this is where the doubt comes, you know. Your pixel is fine. Other than that, spending this amount of money with your mistakes and stuff, it's still training your pixel, okay?

Could you have done it in a more efficient way? Yes. Considering the number of missteps I've taken, would it be better to work with a new advertising account or at least create a new pixel?

No, no. You should stick with the same. And a new landing page where I can set up the API and operate on the same advertising account with a new pixel.

And did I understand correctly that for a new pixel, I will need to start with interest? It's not necessarily the order interest, broad, broader interest, lookalikes, start lookalikes and only after that broad targeting. Also, preferably to follow such strategy with small budget, 40-50 per day, right?

So, it's not necessarily the only truth, okay? As I said, Australia, different case. United States, different case.

You have to test broad when you go in another account. Maybe it's going to work. Maybe your product is viral and it's going to work, even with a new pixel.

And then you go back to other solutions because if broad doesn't give you results, you have to do something about it, okay? Apologies again for the lengthy question and huge thank you for your content. Thank you very much for consuming it.

We discussed about everything here. You don't need a new pixel, man. Just keep working on this pixel.

It's not that you trained it wrong. You were getting sales after all. So, keep working on that and just do it better.

Hello, Castatillos. I'd love videos on creatives. So, if you try and use for newer accounts, static brands, what type would you run for a skincare brand for the beginning?

Sorry to disappoint you, but this channel is never going to talk about creatives and what kind of creatives we use, if we use a UGC, if we use this and that and which creative work better than that, simply because these are not my assets. They're coming from my clients and I don't want to expose my clients. I think it's already too much that I'm showing their ad accounts.

This is why you see a lot of blurring and stuff because these people trust me and I don't want to hurt their trust, okay? So, there's no way that in this channel... Sorry guys, in an ideal world I would, but I can't.

We cannot have creatives and talk about creatives on that. Maybe there are other channels that they talk about creatives and strategies on creatives, but this channel is focusing more on the technical site on Facebook ads and not on creatives for this reason. And as a person, I don't focus on creatives so much because I do work with the owners on the creatives that they're going to have and I test them, okay?

My job is to test them. I'm not a content strategist, okay? I'm doing Facebook ads.

So, I'm more about the data in the ads manager and the results and not about the creation, okay? I do understand it, but I don't want to mix myself to it. The thing that they say to most owners is this, when you have a brand for three years, is it possible for someone like Konstantinos to come and tell you what kind of creatives you're going to do?

You know exactly what kind of creatives you're going to do? You know exactly your audience and everything. The thing is this, I cannot tell you how to sell it better because it's your baby and you know it, but I can tell you what is working better on Facebook and us working together, we can make a very good cooperation which you're going to say your thing, I'm going to say my thing and we're going to meet in the middle to do it in the best possible way.

This is why somebody is going to hire me, not just so that I can tell you them what kind of facts they're going to do and what is going to work because I don't know what is going to work and I don't care, okay? All I care about is testing it and seeing what is working, okay? I'm not going to say this creative has to work no matter what.

No, I'm going to test if it doesn't work, it doesn't work, okay? So that's it about the creatives. So guys, don't ask about creatives, it's never going to happen.

Great podcast, as always I'll drop a few more questions, okay? If I'm running a broad crazy method at 100 per day with 5 assets and after 3 days I'm happy with my results, should I not change the number of assets when duplicated to a bigger budget? Meaning if I have assets at 100 per day, I'll perform well, I should keep 5 assets at 200 for, okay?

As long as I'm happy with my average cost per purchase or should I still add more assets? The reason that I'm not proposing to people to do more assets is because I'm afraid that CP optimization with more assets is more difficult. By the time maybe if you can become more experienced, you can put more.

Also, in the last year, in 2023, I have noticed that it wasn't so efficient to put many assets. I used to put 50 assets, 30 assets back in the day, but I'm not using so many because I want my assets to have stronger spending, okay? My winning assets to have stronger spending.

So you can... I wouldn't go with from more than 12 or something like that, okay? So you can go to 10, I guess, with 400, but with 200, I would keep it on the same for sure.

And it really depends on your cost per percent and all of that, but I wouldn't go in more than 15, okay? Anymore. I don't do it anymore also.

And the reason that I'm saying between 5 and 8 is because I have seen that this is the sweet spot by training people to understand CP optimization and it's easier for them to understand it. Because, for example, when you have 25 assets, you might have to close 4 assets at a time, while in the 5-8 assets, you will close one. And with the 4 assets, you have to do many more things to keep the balance instead of the other or check more things or observe more things.

Next one. How would you test new creatives if my broad, crazy method is performing well? If I currently run ads with 5 videos and I want to test images, I should start again with an image-only campaign at 100 and then duplicate to bigger budget if it's probably basically the same approach.

Yes. So whenever you find the structure of campaign that you're having good results and it's working, then you eliminate one factor which is something stable. So you have a stable campaign which is working.

Is it advanced? Which is whatever. If it doesn't work with the new creatives, then the creatives are the problem.

Do you understand? But if you always test a new thing, for example, new interests, let's say stupid example, new interests all the time, you haven't tested if these interests are working with your good creatives, so you cannot know if they're going to work with the new ones. And if they're working, it's fine, I guess.

Okay. But if they're not working, you don't know if you have to blame the interest or the structure campaign or the creatives. But if you have a structure campaign which is working on your ad account consistently, then you can go and you can just go and add your different creatives and see if they're working or not.

One thing that I'm noticing here is that you are also trying to abuse the crazy method. The crazy method is here for you to explore a little bit more and spend a little bit more. So having one crazy method working with 100 and doing another on a 200 or another on 400, I'm not saying that it's not going to work, but I'm saying that it's a little bit more abusing.

What you should do is what you're thinking here properly is that you should do another campaign with, for example, you do one campaign with 100. You scale to 200. Okay.

Don't do another 400. Just do another campaign with 100 with new creatives, then scale this one to 200, another campaign. Just do another campaign with other creatives, other creatives.

More creatives are going to help you scale instead of abusing the crazy method and try to spend more and more and more with the same creatives. Eventually it's going to collapse. How do you determine when to launch a dynamic creative crazy method?

When you have more than five creatives to test, as you mentioned, you do have more than five under one ad set. Yeah, but that's a good justification. I like to put between three and five ads per ad set.

If you have more than that, I would do dynamic creative ads. But sometimes, to be honest with you, I go crazy and I put even 10 ads per ad set, but it's not efficient. I know it doesn't optimize very well.

I'm just hoping that over there, one of them is going to overperform the others. And I do it also in ad accounts that I don't have issues with, you know, stable ad accounts and everything. But you can do that or if you have too many creatives, you have to go, especially here, we talk about crazy method bro targets, so you can go immediately to Advantage Plus.

Thanks. Just remember one more question. If I have a niche store, but the products are slightly different, let's say the niche is pain relief products, but one is a knee brace and the other golf massage, should I use one pixel for all products?

Or in bigger countries like US and UK, is it better to have separate pixel for each product? So there are different cases to that. Either you're going to use the same pixel for all, or you can use the same pixel for all the products and different pixel for each country, which I'm doing, especially in ad accounts that I know that I want to scale a lot.

And then the other thing is that if you see that one of these products is doing really well, then you're doing what we call spin-off and you're creating a completely new site with a new pixel and everything, but you have data to back up your decision on that and the specific marketing for this product to do better instead of having it mixed with other products. Constantinos, I've tested Interest, Lookalikes and Broad. Broad just works the best.

Perfect. But this is healthy. You know, you have done Interest, Lookalikes and Broad and Broad is working better.

Perfect. It's fine. But you tested it.

In that case, I should never bother with Interest or Lookalikes anymore. Just do Broad and test as many creatives as possible. I wouldn't bother with Lookalikes and Digest anymore.

Maybe six months, in six months and stuff, because you have to keep testing things. No, whatever works, whatever works. Just focus on whatever works.

But test it first. Don't just say, okay, I want to do Broad targeting. Test it first.

Next one. Wouldn't putting more budget into middle of funnel increase ROAS for bottom of funnel? I think the opposite would make putting more budget into middle of funnel increase ROAS on bottom of funnel.

First of all, why do you want to put more budget on middle of funnel? So, I guess the idea here is that bottom of funnel is inside middle of funnel. So, if you increase the budget on middle of...

Yeah, but this is not bringing new customers. They just exist together. I just don't get it.

I don't think that it's going to increase the ROAS on bottom of funnel. I just don't get it. I get that bottom of funnel is inside middle of funnel, but how is it going to increase the ROAS if you spend more on middle of funnel?

Middle of funnel is not a prospecting campaign to have new clients which is going to feed more data to bottom of funnel. I just don't get it. Anyway, Konstantinos, okay, just wondering.

I see a lot of e-commerce folks doing budget splits of 70 to 30 and have been trying to find the best balance for my offer. Most of the times I like to use 80 to 20, 80% cold, 20% warm. But there are cases that I don't even do retargeting, okay?

But yes, I do focus mostly on cold traffic because without cold traffic we have nothing. Next one, Konstantinos, all of my sales are coming from Facebook and Instagram feeds. Would you do manual placements in that case?

I'm currently on auto placements. So the truth is that those that you're following my channel for a long period, you know my opinion about automatic placements and I have a very clear opinion and videos about it. So you can go and you can watch them.

The thing here is this. I have done it. I have seen for example that it's working for feeds only and then I'm breaking down results and then I'm changing it and I go to see what kind of results I have in my new campaign with all these placements.

The results are bad and I think that it's because Facebook is pushing the concept of automatic placements and all of that. So what I'm doing is I'm playing the dumb and I'm saying, okay Facebook, take the extra money that you want to spend but keep giving me the results that I want. When I break down the results I see that the results are getting worse and I try to only focus there.

So keep using automatic placements. It's just pure observation. I cannot prove why except and say that Facebook wants to push automatic placements.

I don't bite the fact that it's spending some money on other placements and then it finds that the other one that's good. I don't bite it. I don't bite.

So yeah, for me and only as pure observation without being able to tell you why, when I do it, the results are getting worse. You can do it and you can tell me. And then it says, based on that case, how do you optimize creatives for each placement?

I was currently working on some story creatives and was planning to launch on story placements only. The videos are very short and vertical. They would look great on stories but not so good on the feed though.

So I should launch them on auto placements and hope that Meta will show this creative on story placement. No, you can go and you can change and have different grades for feed and stories when you're doing normal ads. You can go and you can edit the placements and you can have different creatives there.

And as I said in the previous podcast, be careful there because if you put anything there like the creative, the headline, the tags, everything that you put there inside the edit on the ad level on the placements. Add level, not add set level on the ad level. Just below there you will see that when you add a single image or photo, you can edit the different placements and change even the creative there.

And you can put in a correct placement dimensions for stories 16 by 9. And remember that whatever you put there from destination URL to headline and to copy, this is what Facebook is going to use. No matter what you have on the ad level below the creatives, it's going to use whatever you have inside there.

So be careful. Next one. Hey Konstantinos and this is how you're going to optimize for different, created for different placements.

You can even use a completely different video for example. In stories, a completely different video in feed. Hey Konstantinos, great video.

I was grouping a lot of different countries in my campaigns and all the budget was going to countries like India or Brazil. Should I do now one campaign per country with different assets for different interests? No, I think you should keep grouping them.

But don't group, don't group the... First of all, don't use countries like Brazil and India if you don't have a specific reason because they're taking all of the budget. So break down the results and see if you have Tunisia, Turkey.

These are countries that they take... Pakistan. These are countries that they take the budget and you should not use them.

Try to focus to the good countries as we call them. And try also to do a segmentation for bigger countries as small countries. For example, if you put United States with other smaller countries, United States is going to take more budget.

So you can still do clusters but for sure you should not use India and Brazil and these countries because they just only create an issue. Hi, I appreciate your efforts, selling your expertise and knowledge. Does this also include digital products?

If I use volume or is it used to use better volume or ROAS in my case? Thanks in advance. Digital products also have the same rules.

So whatever we discuss about crazy method and all of these kind of things, they have the same things and rules. Now, I need to tell you this, there are different cases also on digital products and for each case we go either for ROAS or for example. If you go for a course, on the course you have to check that you don't have repeated customers, you don't have all of that.

So you are building a base maybe that you're going to exploit later with another course, who knows? But just so you know, when you don't have repeated customers, you have to go for ROAS. Okay?

And you have to find the balance between volume and ROAS. So you're going to spend as much as you want as you can as long as you're having two ROAS, for example, which is giving you X amount of profit. Okay?

This is something that each one of us has to decide based on what they want. Secondly, if you go for example for a subscription model with an app and a digital product, then you can go and you can have a much higher cost per purchase from the first month. For example, if it is $100, okay, for someone to enter and then he stays there for five months, that means that you're going to make from this person $500.

That means, and of course, you need to know these numbers, okay? So you need to run ads for a very long period in order to know if these numbers are accurate. So this case is different.

Over there you go for volume, for example, and you don't care for ROAS initially because you're going to recuperate this money from the retention rate that you're going to get from these people. So it really depends on the different businesses. But I can tell you that Facebook, of course, it's a platform that likes volume.

It's not a platform that was built in order to give you ROAS and very big profits. But it's there to give you volume and after that it's up to you how you're going to exploit all of these audiences and the lists that you're going to create and all of that. One thing that I'm seeing right now and I think that's going to be a main thing is that Facebook ads are becoming really expensive right now as the time passes by.

So what I believe that's going to happen, because eventually there's not going to be a way for people to keep improving their prices and their site and the average value and stuff with all of the inflation that we have. So we're going to have an issue. And then there are going to be people and other accounts and companies that are going to run with what they're going to call middle of funnel marketing.

And it's going to be taking a lot of people without converting them initially, but then converting them through a journey. And you will see that it's going to start being a new thing of people talking a lot about the middle of funnel and that and not about ROAS and purchases. I can still see some people starting talking like this because apparently they cannot have good results for companies.

They need to keep working doing ads. So they try to convince them to run other type of ads and everything in order which can work. But these people, they do it knowing that it's not going to work and they have maybe one or two case studies that it's working.

Traffic ads, for example. Maybe there's a company that's going to run traffic ads and they are going to manage to convert a lot of people out of that after that with a special journey. But doing it for all the companies is not going to work.

But I'm telling you, it's going to become more and more expensive. And you're going to see in the next 10 years, for example, people saying that Facebook ads is not here for ROAS. It's here to bring you a lot of traffic to your email list and stuff and then you all have to do this and this and this and that in order to convert all of these people.

So it's going to become a way of getting a lot of people and then finding other ways of converting them because it would be super expensive. That's what I believe for the long future. Hi, Konstantinos.

If we are using the same creatives for top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel and if we use the same objective of sales for all three, what's the difference between the three of them then? For example, top of funnel can be broad targeting and bottom of funnel can be catalog, or retargeting but then is that it? There are different audiences.

What do you mean, what's the difference between them? There are different audiences because you're having cold traffic which is broad or whatever you want to do. Then you have middle of funnel which is long-term retargeting, let's say, people that they have been to your funnels or to your social media for 365 days or 108 days to the website and then you have the people that they have been there for the last 30 days.

What I was trying to say is that you don't need to have different creatives for all of these people. Let's go to the next one. Hello Konstantinos, we meet again by watching your video.

I know that we usually start advertising at 6am. 06 is often a bad period so should I turn off my ads at 0 o'clock every day even though some ads have good results and then start at 6. No, you should not.

You should only close and turn off whatever you don't want to reopen. Okay, so if something is working, you just soak the damage on this period and you keep working because if you do so, you're going to reset your ads. So even if they have some sales, they're going to be resetted and start all over again.

So you don't want to do that. You want to maintain it and it's fine that you're going to have just some bad hours during the day. Last question.

This great stuff. Absolutely love your content man. Question about retargeting.

Do you exclude customers purchases for the retargeting ads? No, I don't because there are still data data or repeated customers. But if there is one specific business that it has only one time purchases, yes, I'm going to exclude past customers, even all of the past customers and even on my cold traffic ads, I'm going to do it.

Next we have our freelance dyers for today. I'm running out of freelance dyers. Maybe they're afraid of me and they don't post stupid things on Upwork or I'm not a lot on Upwork lately to be honest with you.

So, I own a healthy hair product line for natural and multicultural hair types. Okay. I need someone that can convert views into sales for my Shopify store.

This came from my friend Meets actually, I remember now. This person should be an expert at Instagram ads, TikTok ads, Facebook ads, Google ads, Google shop, Pinterest ads and Twitter ads. So, he has to do everything and this person must provide monetary sales results from day one.

So, you go there and from day one you have sales to all of these platforms. You do understand how crazy this sounds. Yeah, it's actually very funny.

I'm speechless, I have nothing to say about it. So, guys, that's all for today. I hope you liked it and I will see you on the next podcast.

This was the Facebook ads breaking news podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is. Better galleries!

Hardcue Cut Ale