Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Hello guys podcast 116 and what happened the previous week we had the lunch of my course. Thank you very much for all the positive reaction to the course.

There are already people coming and they are commenting about it. We're going to read some of the reviews because as I told you I'm really proud of this course. Then we're going to see about the new ABO setting, my tests on value rules and then we have your questions which are not that many.

Because summer it's a slower period, we know it anyway. First of all, let's start from the part that I'm telling you that in this podcast I have seen that there are more and more people that they are signing for the membership thing. When I started the podcast I had the full version for free.

Then I decided that I want to cut it in half because there were way too many questions and I wanted to monetize a little bit the podcast. And I have created half so that it can be still free for a lot of people to have their questions featured. And half of it with the other questions was paid.

I do still have it on Patreon for the other platforms like the podcast platforms like Spotify or Apple Podcasts and stuff. And now we have the option on YouTube to have this membership. I have seen it from other YouTube channels and basically it's 19 per month and you have immediately access to 56 videos from the past plus the extra one from today, the other half of the today.

So it's value for money, you can just do it for one month, pay 19 and just see all the previous videos, value for money and you know, it's a good thing. I have seen a lot of people already signing up to this and thank you very much. Now let's go to the part that we will talk a little bit about the course.

The course has been a success from the perspective that a lot of people are already doing it and they're telling me very good comments about it. We have the first one here. Hi Konstantinos, it's been a while since we last talked.

Hope you're doing well. The course is really well put together, which I totally expected from you. There's a ton of great info and I've already started putting some of it into practice.

Also I have to say it's super easy to follow everything you're explaining, especially with the paperboard you use to show the graphs and visuals. It helps a lot. I'm really excited to keep learning and check out the rest of the course.

Thanks for giving me the access to the course. I was actually planning to message you once I finished, but even now I can already tell it's really solid. I'll get back to you with final feedback once I finish the whole course, most likely in the next few days.

You're not going to finish it in the next few days because on top of that, I video-shooted more videos that I'm adding now with some new things that I wanted, some things that I believe that I didn't cover. So in the next one or two months, we will keep uploading stuff along with the chosen five sessions and other Loom videos that I might have. The other message is I could see who has done progress.

So I asked them to tell me what they think about it. He says, yes, I've started it. So far, everything is great.

Tons of content and theory videos are awesome. The Loom videos are extremely helpful, especially the ones with your mentorship sessions. Love the fact that you are going to keep updating it too.

Really looking forward to hearing you talk more about Flex Ads and new ASC, the new UI. By the way, I did the video shooting about those yesterday. As well, since my ad accounts have unfortunately been updated now, thanks, Meta.

Next one. Hi, Kostadinos. Just a quick text to congratulate you for the master course.

I've taken a bunch of online training through the years with all price ranges on all topics. 90% are usual crap with 5-10 hours of videos saying stuff you can find anywhere. This is what I have found also with other courses.

This is why I created this one. And this is why I called it the best one in the world because I haven't found a better one. I literally spent two evening deep diving into and I've just finished module 2.

You take time to explain your concepts and POV on top of just basics. At my stage of the courses where most gurus would just toss a pre-built blueprint. Anyway, I will return to it.

Just want to say congrats. Such a huge work and quality work. So this is another review.

Let's go to the reviews that we had already on the Trustpilot. Hands down the best Meta-Arch course. No fluff, no recycle, YouTube content.

By the way, there's none YouTube video. It's all content that it's made for the course. Just real, actionable strategies and actual work.

Every single module is packed with value and explained clearly. I've implemented what I've learned from my clients here in United Arab Emirates and the results came fast. What makes this course different is that Costantino doesn't hold back.

He gives you exactly the system he's using. Worth every cent I paid. If you're serious about scaling with Meta-Arch, this course is a no-brainer.

Next one. I'm reading you all of this just to influence your decision on buying it, the course. You can also check the free version if you want.

Next one says... Where is it? Discord title speaks for itself the best Facebook ads course in the world.

It's packed with valuable insights and clear and depth explanation of the theory behind Meta-Arch. The methods taught here have helped me understand what to focus on and make smarter, more confident decisions that work for my business without relying on some generic guru blueprint that doesn't fit everyone. The Loom videos and optimization breakdowns are top tier.

If you're serious about mastering Meta-Arch, this is the right place. Next one. I purchased multiple courses on Meta-Arch management over the last three years and have been disappointed from most of it.

If not all of them. The course is hands down the best course I've ever seen so far. Full of details on every aspect.

Realistic expectations. No BS. Just to impress.

And Konstantinos is very good at explaining complex concepts. We definitely recommend it if you're looking for value for money. By the way, on Trustpilot, apparently when people do reviews, you don't get five stars immediately like in Google rating.

They have another system of calculating. So I started with 3.7 even if the first review was five. And now I'm on 4.2.

I hope that more people are going to come and leave a review about it. And we'll have better score. I've been running Meta-Arch for close to two years.

And this is by far the best and most detailed course I've ever seen. Konstantinos is very experienced. And this is how to test and learn for yourself.

I couldn't recommend this course more. Next one. This course delivers incredible insights.

It's generally eye-opening. Once you go through it, you stop being the marketer you used to be. Everything clicks.

It's not just theory. It's a mindset. Shift highly recommend.

And the last one. It's after six years running Meta-Ads and several courses taken. I must say that this is one of the...

This is one... This one is... Far one of the most insightful.

Not only it is today the most up-to-date, but it also brings methods that you won't find elsewhere. It is well structured and there is no BS blueprint to follow that you will get 12 ROAS. And his thoughts are backed up with examples in Ad Manager.

And you have a lot of cases in the last chapter to have a deeper understanding of the methods in the Ad Manager. Thank you all for your reviews. It means a lot.

Thank you all for keep joining the membership here and watching the previous videos. And thank you all for buying the course. And thank you all for completing it and giving me your opinion about it.

Don't forget. You can check the link below. You can go buy the course.

It is the best Facebook Ads course in the world. I will keep updating it. There are more videos coming that I video-shoot it.

And the other thing is that it's full and packed of real Ad Accounts, real strategies that are working, Theory with Wideport, which is going to help you understand more, Loom videos and live examples, even for cost gaps, bid gaps and optimization of ASC and CBO. Now, main topics for today. First of all, let's start with the fact that value rules do work in some of the Ad Accounts that I'm testing.

And I'm using 80% on the bid and I have tested them in two or three Ad Accounts and they are working. You can use value rules in two different ways. The first way that you can do it is that you can see, for example, you are having a breakdown and you're seeing that you're not spending a lot in the age of 50 to 65 plus, for example, but you're having very good cost per purchase.

Sometimes this can be true. Sometimes this can be not true. Because it means that if you had a lot of spend there, maybe it wasn't going to have this cost per purchase.

But the best way for you to test it is to keep the targeting open instead of you pushing it all there, just increasing the CPM a lot. But by doing that, you can put 80% on the value rules. You can spend more on this and see if you're going to be able to maintain the same cost per purchase that it was giving you in the other campaign that it was not spending the majority of the budget in this age range.

The other thing that you can do is to reverse engineer. What we did now is reverse engineer. We don't have a spend in an age, but it's getting good results.

What if we bid more to it? Perfect. The second thing that you can do with value rules is that you can go and you can do the following.

You can go in a campaign and you can see that you're having better results in spent and good results in specific age or gender. You can do the same campaign with that, focusing more on scaling to those. Instead of doing a crazy method or something else, do it by bidding more with another campaign.

These are the two ways that I would use the value rules. And to be honest, I think that only 80% and above is what's working. I wouldn't do less in the bid there.

Now, let's go to the next change that we're having here. It's on the ABO. We have a message over here that says, share some of your budget with other ad sets.

We'll share up to 20% of your budget with other ad sets with this campaign when it's likely to improve performance. Huge change, in my opinion, is going to make some of the old strategies from some people running ABO campaigns with many ad sets, $5 each, relevant again. Let me tell you why.

I'm calculating over here, for example, let's say that we are running an ABO and inside we're going to have, let's say that we have 30 ad sets. Okay. And each of the ad sets has a budget of 10.

10 per ad set. Okay. Now, 20% of the 10 is going to be 2.

But if we take 2 and we multiply it with 29, because we have 30, let's say that the one of them is good, so it's going to keep all the $10. It's not going to distribute 20%. So what we are having here is 58.

So immediately, in this scenario, for example, that out of the 30 ad sets, we have one really good, this can spend from, instead of spending $10 per day, it can spend now $68 per day. That's really big. I think that this change has been made because Meta realized that people, sometimes they don't pick the right budgets for the ad sets.

What have we said? Budgets are daily and they are resetting daily. If you're having an average cost per purchase in your ad account of $50 and you're just doing an IPO campaign to test new creatives, new blah, blah, and you're putting $5, it's like you're asking from Meta to find you an ad set which is going to give you 10 ROAS, for example.

10 multiplied by 5, it's going to be 50. So it's like you're asking too much. So maybe you're asking too much on a daily level when you do this, but if you do many ad sets, $5 each, $10 each, and then it can take 20% from each ad set to the one that it can have enough budget in order for you to find a winner, then that makes more sense.

I think that this could be the birth of a new strategy that says I'm not spending a lot of money per ad set, but I'm going to spend enough with this 20% distribution if I have a lot of ad sets. So if you have a lot of ad sets and each one of them is five, it's enough to distribute on other ad sets that they're going to do better and you can find more winners. The question is still the same.

Is something that is working with a smaller budget going to work in a bigger campaign budget immediately? Sometimes they don't work. That's why most of the times what I'm using is running my ads with the one variable rule, which is I have a structure which is already working.

ASC, whatever, the budget, the number of ad sets on the CBO. I have seen that this is working already. I have established the campaign which is working profitably.

What am I doing is I'm duplicating this one and I'm changing my creatives. I'm changing only one variable, which is the creatives. And with this way, I can do it.

But I'm not going to be amazed if we're going to see now new strategies coming that they're going to talk about a lot of ad sets like 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 ad sets to test a lot, especially in dropshipping. Test a lot of creatives, products and stuff with $5 each. Okay.

And because of the 20% distribution, actually be able to find some winners that maybe they can scale in other campaigns. A new thing. It looks like it's a small CBO.

So CBO, this is why it's really good and it wins CBO most of the times. Because in CBO, Facebook is deciding where to spend and how much. So here, Facebook is trying to intervene a little bit more to this style.

And yeah, it's trying to make it in a way that it's going to help you more put proper numbers to the spend of its ad set. Because apparently, as a human being, you cannot know the things that the algorithm knows. Okay.

Now, one thing that I need to clarify is that we're talking about ad sets. So we're talking about an ABO campaign that has many ad sets. The budget is going to go to many ad sets.

Because we cannot talk about the ads. Because the budget is already there on the ads. And the ad set is being distributed on the ads.

Okay. So we talk about ad sets over here. Last, there has been a message over here on the top of my account.

It says, add your phone to get important alerts. Stay up to date about your ads and payments by adding your mobile phone number. Some people ask me if they have to do it or not.

The truth is that I'm afraid of doing it. Why? Because I don't trust Meta.

But anyway, I didn't add my phone. They have my mail if they want to reach out to me. Now, let's go to your questions.

There are not that many. And let's see how fast we can go to do all of them. When is the course coming out?

I can't wait any longer. Liar, the course is out. You haven't bought it yet.

So I would expect you to buy it in the next days. It has been live for three days so far. We are video shooting.

Today it's Thursday. We are video shooting on Thursday. It's been live since Sunday.

Can we pay in three installments? Guys, I have tried to put Klarna for the course. And to be honest with you, they don't allow it still on my country.

The moment they will allow it, I will put Klarna so that you can be able to pay also on installments. I'm trying my crazy method. The crazy method must help me to afford it.

I would be really happy if someone tells me that I was running Euro strategies and I made money and then I bought the course because of Euro strategies. I would be really happy about it. Any scholarships for the needy to pay in creative work on ads.

Now, let me be clear about this. I used to have these ideas also when I didn't have money. There is not a single person on earth that is going to take you.

So it's not like what is this joke that they say that when you go into a restaurant and you cannot pay the bill that you will stay to wash the dishes. There is no such thing, you know, as, okay, come and work for me so that you can pay me with your work. There is no such thing.

Okay. Why? Because you're going to be a pain in the ass.

I will have to train you. I will have to keep... It's like you're asking for a mentorship, you know, and pay because you're going to do ads.

I have people that they can do ads. Okay. Now, secondly, I'm not a university.

I cannot give a scholarship. I'm not a university or an entity like that to give a scholarship. But what I have done is, and you have to admit that, in all of these years, I'm giving you a lot of free content.

All of these videos. Half of the podcasts are free and half of the period that we had the podcast was free. I put a very big free course, which is part of the main course, so that you can take some value even if you cannot buy the course.

So there are a lot of things that you can do with my free content. And I'm putting a lot of free content and I'm not holding a lot of things for the course. Is there anything in the course that explains how to set the initial budget for campaigns and how many ads to start with?

Yes, of course. It's the chapter on module 3 about CBO campaigns and how to calculate ads and spend. I often have doubts about the best structure to use when testing creatives and what budget to set at the campaign level.

Thanks. There are dedicated chapters. About testing, we have the one variable rule.

About the structure, we have the structure of the ad accounts and how to structure them. We have many things in the course that are explaining all of these things. That's all, guys, I had for you.

I have to go back to doing stuff for the course now that it's live. I will see you guys on the next one. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is.