Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostlantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast today. We're going to start with talking a little bit, by the way, I want to thank everyone because we reached 5000 subscribers.

Today actually this happened and I'm very happy with that. Most probably I'm going to host one giveaway for the 5000. It's going to be something like access to some of you for the course and maybe some cash price I will see.

I don't know about the cash price. I don't know if I want to attract people that they are here only for the money not for liking Facebook Ads and everything but for sure it's going to be access to my course. That is also super successful.

So today I would like to tell you that the results on the platform they seem to be improving a lot. I can see that the CPMs are dropping. I can see that in several accounts I'm having, I'm scaling even further.

And most probably this is because the Chinese New Year is coming on the 22, which means that a lot of, we have extensively analyzed that in the past and we were discussing about it. Basically the thing is that we have the Chinese New Year, the Chinese distributors, they are not giving products. So a lot of dropshippers that they do the traditional dropshipping, they are not having any product to send.

So they stop sending and so on and so on. So we have less competition in the platform. So this is on the 22, for one week everything is closing and when Chinese people talk about closing, they actually mean closing.

So just keep into your mind that maybe this is a good period for you to start increasing a little bit your budget. If you see good results, don't be afraid of it. Because later on after that everybody's going to come back and they're going to start advertising all over again.

And we know that when everybody's advertising at the same time on the platform, the CPMs are rising. So the main topic for today is going to be the, I have watched one video, it's one YouTuber. The only hint that I'm going to give about his channel is that he's having double the amount of my subscribers.

And by that, sorry my cat is playing here. Yeah, it's hot. So this guy has something like 12k subscribers and stuff.

Before I comment anything, first of all, the topic that I want to comment is about the targeting. He has made a video and he was talking about that you should not retarget at all basically, because you are retargeting already in your top of funnel, which is something that I would love to analyze today. I also had some comments recently in one of my videos, which was all about don't exclude past customers into your cold traffic campaigns because it's giving you lesser results.

And the thing is that we're going to analyze a little bit about it and also show some of the comments of this YouTube video. Of my YouTube video, I mean. But analyze it in a deep level.

So let's start. First of all, there is a summary that I want to show you after that for this video. Before we go into the video, I would like to say that I really like the way that he is approaching it because he's approaching it at least with a philosophy.

Okay, he has a philosophy. He's talking about do this or that because of this reason, because of that reason anyway. So the thing is that he's not like a person that he has an idea of don't do this just because I have seen better results.

But he's trying to explain it in a good technical level with his knowledge and with his perception. So the thing is that in Facebook ads, we can never be certain about the things that we say. We just share our experiences.

He's sharing his experience. I totally respect it for that. And he's trying to put all of this technical information around it so that he is going to support it.

But I have major disagreements with what he says. So I'm going to explain some of the things about it. On the other hand, though, I must say that he's one of the people that at least he has an opinion.

Okay, and he's trying to explain this opinion based on his views and everything. The fact that I'm having maybe more experience, the fact that I'm having other experiences and stuff and I don't think that this is true. It's another situation completely.

Well done, Dioxys. Figgit, Figgit, Figgit, Figgit, Figgit. Sorry, but my cat decided to go crazy over here for some reason.

So, now, the thing is that in his video he's saying several things like, for example, if you have more than one frequency, you're already retargeting in your top of funnel campaigns. I strongly disagree with that. You are retargeting the...

So, what is frequency? Frequency is the amount of people they have seen the ad more than one time. So, he says that if you have more than one frequency, then the people that they have seen the ad, they are already being retargeted by the same call traffic ad.

This is not considered a retargeting in my opinion. The fact that they are seeing again the ad in order to be convinced, it doesn't mean that they are being retargeted. Retargeting is another whole concept that means that you are just trying to retarget people that they have seen your ads or they have been to your site and you try to retarget them in a way so that they can convert.

It doesn't mean that if you retarget... If you saw... If the same person has seen the same ad, it's being retargeted.

I don't think that the concept is the same. Most of the times, let me tell you that serious companies, they have different ads for retargeting, different copies for retargeting, different funnels for retargeting. And the fact that you are showing again and again an ad into your call traffic and they have seen several times, it doesn't mean that it's not working in a way.

So his point of view is that since you are going to do a call traffic ad and you're going to have more than one frequency, then you are already retargeting. And what about the people that are not going to be retargeted there with frequency? Because it doesn't mean that everybody, if you have 1.6 for example, which is the case in several of my call traffic ads, 1.6 means that 60% of the people, they have seen it two times.

And two times, is it enough for retargeting? Maybe some people need to see it 5 or 10 times in order to decide if they are going to buy or not. And just to be certain, just to be very strict here, the fact that you are having an idea about a business or one other account that it worked like this, it doesn't mean that it's working like this in several cases.

If you have a very expensive course, for example, maybe the people need to be retargeted a lot with different ads, maybe in most cases just to decide if they want to buy it or not. So just to say in general that you should not run retargeting at all in all of the accounts and stuff, I think that this is wrong. And I don't do it also with all of the things that I'm saying.

I'm saying that it can work in most cases. I'm saying that every account is different and you need to have different strategies. So I'm showing all of these different strategies just to follow them.

For people to be, he's also very young. So I think that he gets carried away. For people to go away and say that whoever is doing this is stupid, for example.

Or whoever is doing this is losing a lot of money. Whoever is doing this is doing this and that. Maybe I have said that whoever is doing this is leaving money on the table is the phrase that I like to use.

But at the end of the day, I do truly understand that there are different businesses that these things might not work for them and they need another way. But most of the times what we try to do in our channels is to show different methods so that you can use them in your different accounts for the different things that you're doing. Or we're saying something that applies to most of the people and then we can answer to comments about everything.

So I totally disagree about one frequency. I think that maybe there's a business that needs more than one frequency and needs a lot of times for people to see it. And also the fact that you are having 1.6 doesn't mean that you are targeting everyone.

Or even if you have two, you just are targeting them two times with your call traffic ads. So I don't think it's enough. Then the other thing.

Then he says that our call traffic ads are also targeting our warm traffic audience. I believe that he's 100% right to that. Let me tell you why.

I have several companies that we are running with specific UTMs, ads and we are running also with specific URLs. So I know that a lot of times in my results I see other results and in reality the results are different. Because at the end of the day, I can tell you that when we are having this kind of results with the companies, I can see that the Facebook ads are stealing sales from the email marketing, from the SMS marketing and they are just reporting them on the ads.

How do I know it? Because we have different UTMs and different URLs and in the SMS or email we have different URLs. So we kind of know what are the actual results.

The thing is that a lot of times in call traffic, and this was also the point of my previous video that you should not exclude past customers in your top funnel ads. I have a thumbnail, I believe that says don't do it with red background and stuff. So over there I was saying that even if one sale is coming from your past customers into your top funnel audience, this is enough for me to believe that it's data that it can be used so that it can find new customers.

There is a lot of times the concept that you should not use your past audience for example inside your call traffic ads because you just want only new customers coming from Facebook. And I don't believe that this is the case. I believe that you should see Facebook as one of the channels that is going to also have repeated customers.

Not only your Shopify store is going to have the repeated customers, but they should go through your Facebook ads so that these data of these people that they are loyal to your brand and they buy from your brand, they are going to buy again and again, but the data is also going to be used as strong points so that it can find more people that they are going to buy. And it makes total sense. If you think of it, you are doing a call traffic ad.

Who do you think that is going to target first? The people that they have bought in the past, the people that they are considered from your pixel, the ideal avatar customers. So the case is that I believe that call traffic ads are also stealing from a warm traffic audience.

This is the reason that Advantage Plus has also now a feature that it's saying that you can exclude past customers from it and they have done it because this was one of the main reasons that everybody was saying that Advantage Plus was successful because it was stealing also from the warm audience. Now, another thing that I saw in the video is that he was mentioning that you could run $500, $600, $1,000 ads and you should not run retargeting ads. I totally disagree with that.

I think that when you are running this kind of budgets, it doesn't hurt you to just give a very small percentage like 10% or whatever to your retargeting. Just $50, for example, for the $500 situation, $100 for the $1,000. I'm not saying that you should use a percentage of 50% retargeting, 50% cold.

I don't say that. But I believe that between 10% and 20%, especially in smaller, in bigger budgets, you can go to 10%. I think it's super healthy and you should do it, especially when you can use different creatives for your middle of funnel and bottom of funnel if you have the luxury of doing it and the creatives.

Now, I'm totally against the fact that in the video he's saying that everybody should close their retargeting ads. There is even a comment below which actually really bothers me because it's the situation that I'm saying that when somebody is having 12,000 subscribers, immediately everybody believes him because they believe that this is his credibility. He was showing some accounts, but I didn't see anything crazy to be honest with you, to be convinced about what he's saying.

I didn't see a serious case study. I just saw print screens and stuff. He didn't show like me dates that from this to this point we were doing this, from this to this point we were doing this and the rows increased like this.

He wasn't showing this, he was just showing a print screen of this thing. I'm not saying that he's lying. I'm just saying that he has, he thinks that he found such a clever idea right now and he's a pioneer and he's getting carried away from it and he thinks that is the only solution and whoever else is not doing what he's saying, he's just stupid.

And I was seeing all of these comments that they were saying, yes, we will do this stuff. There's a guy that says, I just turned off my retargeting and he says below, clever choice. How do you know if his ad account is a suitable account for what you are saying and you're telling him why it's choice?

Okay. Also, we need to understand that as people that we influence other people in the social media and in YouTube and we're saying things about Facebook ads, we need to be careful of what we're saying. You don't know if his business is retargeting or not.

Maybe it's a business that has only one item like a trip to the moon, for example, as we explained that nobody is going to buy again. But even that someone would buy again. Let's say something that nobody would buy again.

A book, for example, that someone can read only once. Nobody would buy again. So in that case, you might not want to run any retargeting, but you just want to run retargeting maybe for the people that they haven't converted and you want them to convert.

But even if you run only cold traffic ads because you want just new people that are going to buy it, it does make sense. But if you have a decent company, okay, and there are people that are buying the next collection, the next collection, the next collection. His idea is that you're running only cold traffic ads for the new collections and you're not retargeting with them.

Well, I think that this is the most stupid thing in the world to do. You need to retarget again the people that they have bought from you. And in my opinion, proposing this just blindly without watching what kind of business everybody has, I think it's a little bit dangerous to be honest with you.

And when we have these kind of channels that people are following us for advices and stuff, we should be careful of what we're saying because we don't know how much money the other person has, how big business it is, what kind of business it is. So we need to be careful. We're just here to give ideas and stimulation to people so that they can think of it and create the best strategy for their own account.

This is our work. Our work is not here to come and dictate blueprints of things that people need to follow because it's not going to work for all of them. Then it says that the algorithm is working very well and we should not put it to do retargeting because it's already doing it in top of FANN.

I totally disagree with that. I do remember the situation with... There is a...

I don't call it... I think it's a myth, I believe, or it's a religious thing anyway in the Greek Orthodox thing. Most probably in every Christian culture that they say there was a guy that was in the sea and he was involved in a shipwreck and he was in the sea like this.

And there is a guy who comes with a boat and tells him, come, come, I will take you. And he says, no, God is going to save me. I'm waiting for God to save me.

Then he was praying, saying, God, please help me, help me. Then there is a very big vessel from the Royal Navy coming and trying to save him. And he says, no, no, no, I don't want your help.

God is going to save me. Then after some point he was praying again, saying, God, please help me, I need to come out. Then there is another guy who is coming with a helicopter to save him from the top.

He's saying, no, no, no, I don't want to be saved. The God is going to save me. So he's dying and he's going to heaven and then he meets God.

And the God, and then he tells the God, but God, why didn't you save me? And the God told him, but I sent you a guy with a boat. I sent you the Royal Navy and they sent you a helicopter and you didn't want to get saved.

So thinking that the algorithm is the best, is the best in the world and we should do nothing. It's wrong. The same way that this guy was thinking that because he believed in God, it was going to be saved.

We need to do also things on our own so that we can be helped from God or be helped from the algorithm. That being said, and with my example, which by the way, it's a very good example. I should use it in my book in the future, I guess.

The thing is that when you have this kind of situation with the algorithm working very well, you should not just rely only on the algorithm. For example, what do we say on the Advantage Plus campaigns? We say that it's going to focus on the best ad set, but we are not thinking that it made the right choice.

We know that it's working like this, it's working very well, but maybe the decision that it made for the one ad set that is working in the Advantage Plus is wrong. So what are we going to do? We're going to close it.

So that's going to focus on the other one and maybe the other one is the correct one. So the situation is that the algorithm is working very well. Nobody is doubting that and I love the algorithm also.

It's a very good algorithm. This doesn't mean that you should not use it with retargeting. Okay.

And I just gave again the example of the clothing store. If you have a new collection and stuff and you show it to your past customers, you are increasing your chances of these people buying again and again. Even if you run email marketing and SMS.

I said that all the businesses are not the same and we should not. I was just watching his video and I was keeping notes. I said that all the businesses are not the same and we should not just say the same thing for all the businesses.

He's saying that after iOS the things have become worse in terms of retargeting. Yes, he's right. Another thing though that I'm noticing right now is that when I'm doing the breakdown of results that I have analyzed in one of my previous videos, I can see that there are more devices of iOS that they are actually converting from Android.

Which means that the situation with iOS is not as bad as it used to be. It's improving and improving because the people that are buying, they are more from iOS from Android devices. And based on the fact that Apple announced that 95% of the users opted out, I cannot see this on the results.

I think that Facebook finds ways of actually pinpointing these people that they are actually buying. Yes, the situation is less favorable for retargeting after the iOS changes because we lost data. But this doesn't mean that we're not going to do retargeting.

Then it says that there are some customers that they talk to him about retargeting and he tells them that if you want to work with me, we're going to run only cold traffic ads. I have nothing against of people that they have their own strategy. I also have my own strategies and I tell to people that if you want to work with consolidation, I'm not going to work with you.

Okay, but I have, I don't agree with that. Anyway, let's keep it like this. But I do respect the guy for having his opinion.

This is what I want you to understand. It's another thing of saying that I'm not going to spend a lot of money on retargeting, but at least you can spend some money on retargeting. I think there is benefit to it.

Of course, Topofunnel is always the most important sales funnel that you need to have. I don't believe that you should run an ad account if you run only retargeting. I believe that you should run an ad account with Topofunnel as the majority of the budget and the cherry on the top, it has to be the retargeting.

Just because I think that retargeting is going to help you get some more sales that you wouldn't have in your Topofunnel in another way. So, I don't believe in his idea that even if you don't run retargeting, all the sales that are going to come, they're going to come anyway in the Topofunnel because it's going to retarget. I just don't believe in that.

I do believe that Topofunnel is stealing sales. I do believe that Topofunnel is also doing some retargeting, but I don't believe that you could get the same amount of sales with the same ROAS as he's showing some results and he's saying that the ROAS is the same and stuff, which I don't believe it by print screen. I would like to see it in a different period.

For example, I would like to see for the whole September we didn't run retargeting and we had exactly the same results as where we were running retargeting. Then I'm a little bit skeptical about the comments that all the people there just believe it because he's saying it. Then I'm thinking that it's not okay to take this to a whole new level of consolidation.

What he's proposing, he's not even proposing a crazy method on the Topofunnel. He's proposing to run just one call traffic ad with one ad set and that's it. Then what's the point of doing Facebook ads?

I don't understand it, just doing that. Then it says, yeah, so the fact that we are thinking some things over some strategies and some things and we have our experiences on the ad platform, it doesn't make us geniuses or it doesn't make us the people that you should always listen. I think that you should listen to me, to someone else, someone else and take your own decisions based on what you see on the platform.

I just don't like the fact that you get an idea and you just say to everyone else who is not using it that they are stupid and then you just go through the process of thinking that you are the only one. I think that you are delusional if you think of that. Even me, that I have a very strong opinion about Facebook ads, I never think that I'm 100% correct.

I always listen to things. This is why I also watch this video in order to understand and say my opinion. Then we discussed about the percentages.

He says that if you don't, the point that is that you cannot scale your retargeting. So what's the point of running any ads on the retargeting? The point of running ads on the retargeting is because you are getting some sales that you wouldn't get otherwise in the top of funnel.

It has nothing to do with scaling. Scaling is only for the top of funnel. Also another thing is that for smaller companies, retargeting can be crucial.

Retargeting can be crucial maybe because they don't have the budget of running so many broad audiences on the top of funnel and maybe they need to have some repeated customers in order to start working properly. Retargeting can be crucial. He was also showing some pre-screened of retargeting not doing very well compared to cold traffic ads and I can show you another 20 ad accounts over here that I can show you that retargeting is having double or more the amount of return on ads spent.

At the end of the day, it doesn't matter because if it has even a little bit more from what you have on your cold traffic ad, it's still more volume that you're getting on your sales and more repeated customers and more and more and more that you're benefiting other than of not running it. And again, I'm not talking about extensive budgets. I'm talking at least for small budgets that as long as you're having healthy frequency, healthy rows and everything.

He's showing a little bit of case studies. And he was having, for example, a frequency that it was showing 2.95 on retargeting and his cold traffic ad was having 2.12. So for me, this was not even improper retargeting.

It wasn't retargeting enough people. If he is one of the people that he believes that 3 frequency is a lot in retargeting, I can tell you that it's not a lot because I'm running ads here and I'm having 8, 7 in some cases and stuff and it's working flawlessly with very good rows. And again, we go into the spectrum of the situation about repeated customers and everything, but I can tell you that there are a lot of companies that they want repeated customers and they are not able to get it just with email or SMS.

Then we have, then I believe that by watching his case studies that he's leaving money on the table and that he could have much better results if he could have some retargeting inside there, not any massive budget. He's saying that it was better without retargeting because you're competing with yourself. So basically, this is for me a stupid concept that when you run ads, you might compete with yourself.

I think that we are stupid and we don't understand how big and massive are these numbers in order to think that we're going to compete with ourselves when we are running ads. There's no such thing as competing with myself and even if it's happening, it's happening at a very small level. You're competing with others, of course, but you're not competing with yourself.

I saw his video extensively and I can tell you that he didn't have any strong case studies to support it in terms of showing that this month we have done this, this month we have done this. So the difference was different. And then the cherry on the top and the thing that I have seen is that he has a summary over here and he's saying that he haven't done any retargeting in 2022.

By the way, in this account that he was showing, I could see retargeting. And he made to his clients 10 times more money. For a person like me who is experienced, I think that this statement is completely click bait, fake, whatever that may be and stuff.

Then I saw some of his old videos and I have one more remark to make. If you see someone who is trying to convince you about his success, about showing cars, Lamborghinis, Mustangs, whatever that may be, houses, whatever that may be, don't believe them. Because they have a problem here and they are thinking that they need to convince you about their success with their money or with whatever.

And if I ever go to this deep level of doing the same thing, of showing houses, flying on stuff and showing lifestyle of mine so that I can convince you that I'm successful and I make money out of it. First of all, the fact that you make money out of it, it doesn't mean that you're good. Maybe you have very good connections and you get clients.

It doesn't say anything about your results. Okay. So the fact that he's showing wealth and stuff and he's trying to do this stupid hustle thing that the young people are doing.

It's not giving credibility to anyone. And whoever you're watching doing that, don't trust them. Because they have issues.

First of all, psychological issues that they try to convince the people that they are rich in order to feel better. In order to convince them that they are successful by that, any kind of person that is doing that is not okay. In my personal opinion, his mind is not okay.

Because you can do a lot of things into your life and have money and everything without anyone knowing. And this is the fun. It's not about making everybody feel bad about the money that you have and the money that they don't have so that they can feel bad and they will say, okay, I want to become like him.

This is not the point. The point is for people to like you for your brain. Not because they see a gold chain or something and they want to follow you just so that he can become like you.

This is a total false idea that we have right now in the society. And it's mostly because of trappers. The trappers have brought all of that in the equation.

And now there are people that they have these rich schemes that they try to prove you that how successful they are and they live. It's so that you can be jealous and you will say, I want to become the same. So whoever is doing that and showing Facebook ads or showing any other thing, don't believe them.

Okay. I don't think that the situation of their money, even if the situation of their money is like that, there is no point of showing and rubbing to the faces of other people that they are doing this so they make money. If you're a trapper, okay, this is your lifestyle and you want to mock everybody that they're not making money, whatever.

Okay. But in our cases over here, there is no point of flushing money in order to convince people of who we are. We can convince people of who we are with our ad accounts.

Okay. Show your ad accounts. Show your ad accounts.

Show the results that you are having over there. And don't flush other things like money and stuff. And if you come and tell me that you were doing this when you were young, I still believe that you have a problem with your character because I haven't done it not a single time.

Because this was my mindset that I don't want to do that. I don't want to flush money or anything in order to convince people. I want to convince people with my knowledge.

Okay. So this is my opinion about this kind of people. Now, but again, I truly respect him for the fact that at least he is having a philosophy that he wants to follow.

Even if I disagree with his philosophy, I truly believe that he, for example, his philosophy might be Kung Fu, my philosophy might be Krav Maga. We are in two different ways. But I respect him for having a philosophy and he is trying, I think he's doing some mistakes because he's very young in terms of saying whoever is doing that is stupid.

Whoever is doing, you know, stuff like that. I think that he, I think that he's in a good path of becoming a good advertiser here later because he's trying to understand Facebook ads in a deeply, in a deep level, which we don't see in most of the channels. Just people, they want to show things for beginners and they don't focus on deeper stuff.

Then we say, then he says over here that retargeting is slowly being phased away from Facebook. This is total BS. Facebook is supporting 100% retargeting.

Now, is this good or bad? It doesn't matter. Whatever decision we're going to make about retargeting is going to be based on the results that we're getting.

iOS 14.5 drastically decreased the efficiency of retargeting. This is true. Focus on highest leverage actions inside on ad accounts at all times.

Okay. Just a general statement, doesn't mean anything. Build better ads that take user thought, user through the who sales process plus better landing product pages.

I don't disagree with the fact that Facebook ads is another thing and the product landing pages that you have, the product and everything, the pricing is another thing and you should take care of all of that and be sure that you are having also all of that. Then we have leverage email marketing, SMS organic content for retargeting. Which makes me think, is this person selling also the services of email, SMS organic content and stuff so that he can sell them as a separate package?

Is there a reason that he's having this perception about retargeting is because he's doing only Facebook ads and he truly believes it? I don't know. This is also another thing that you should see.

For example, you come to a person that you see on YouTube and he's saying some things about some things. And then he's trying to sell you, for example, I don't know if this is the case. And he tries to sell you email, SMS and organic content creation which is another package and another package of mine.

Then you have to think that maybe he's doing it for this reason. Okay. But yes, I believe that email, SMS and organic content are, it should be the majority of the money that you spend on retargeting.

For Google and for Facebook and for other platforms, I think you should spend a small amount on retargeting. But I truly believe that it's necessary. Of course, there are companies that they need retargeting a lot.

And there are companies that they have high ticket ads and stuff and they take the people through another whole journey. Which doesn't mean that necessarily this journey has to be inside the Facebook ads, but it can be also in SMS, email marketing and so on. So this was the main topic for today for retargeting and if we need it.

I truly believe that we need it in small budgets, we need to fix our top of funnel first. And I truly believe that we should not have general opinions about everything because it's not okay. Every business is different.

And just so you know, in my channel also, whatever I'm showing, I'm showing things for the majority of the people. And sometimes I might forget a special subcategory. So I have some questions that they came from the previous ads that I was the previous video that I was running over here with excluding past customers and how bad it is.

So it says here, so if I understand correctly, you don't put any exclusions at all in your top of funnel campaigns. That's correct. I run lead gen campaigns and only excluded gens in the last 90 days because I don't get paid on duplicates.

So this is one of the cases that you do a video and somebody comes and he tells you a situation that he's right. He's actually right. If you don't have repeated customers, you can have this type of exclusions.

Okay. Maybe it's wrong on my part not to phrase it like this and tell them that if you don't have repeated customers, if you have repeated customers, you should not exclude your past customers. Which is the case over here, which I explained to him that in your case, I truly believe that you should put exclusions.

And this is why we have the exclusions because he's an exclusion to the general rule over here that it doesn't mean that you should put exclusions. So in his case, and if you have a product that it's actually having, let's say something that people are not going to buy again, I think that you can use exclusions, of course, and it does make sense. So another thing that I want to say is that in this channel, I'm putting so much content as fast as I can.

And for someone to really understand me 100%, he needs to digest all the content, which is difficult because now we have also the podcast that we share your things. But I'm sure that if he watched all the content, and of course I'm not blaming him because he has better things to do instead of watching my whole content. If he has seen all of my content, he would know that I'm not against of excluding people in several cases when it doesn't make sense.

Another thing here is from Dimitris. He's Greek. He's a fellow Greek.

So it says, hello Konstantinos, I love your videos. I personally exclude only my 30 days buyers as is the maximum period it will take to get their orders delivered, but that's it. Do you agree that also it is now less relevant to run retargeting in this case unless you have a new product or you are running a sale?

I feel our top of funnel campaigns are already doing the retargeting. He's kind of on the same situation like the previous video that we were explaining. I think that he's going to get a lot of answers there.

But let me explain bit by bit what I want to say about his comment over here. So you exclude people in the last 30 days. I told him in the comment below that if the problem here is that it takes you 30 days to ship to someone, then the problem is on the fact that it's taking 30 days to ship to someone and you should not exclude them.

He told me that this is the maximum and I get that. But at the end of the day, if this is the maximum and it's not the general rule, I wouldn't exclude them. This is my answer.

And there's another thing here. If you're doing drop shipping, for example, and you're having long shipping times, maybe you should exclude them because if they see your ad again, maybe you will have stupid comments like I didn't get my product, where's my product and stuff, which is going to ruin your credibility into the ad. And the other thing is maybe it's going to ruin also your paid score because people are going to comment after they see your ads that they haven't received their product.

So this is another situation that you can exclude people in general. And this is what I also explained to him is that most of the things that I'm saying over here is for businesses, businesses that they are running with, normal businesses that they are running and they don't have issues. For example, if you have a business that can deliver between three to five days, which is a standard thing to do in the United States, maybe some they are delivering even faster and you're having good customer support, you're having good landing pages, you're having your process and everything, you should not exclude the past customers.

Now, if you're an exclusion, for example, you have 30 days delivery, which is not the standard, maybe you should exclude them for the reasons that we said. If you have one item, if you have one product that people are not buying again, maybe you should exclude them because you're just showing the same ad to the people that they're not going to buy again. So there are exceptions to the rule.

And then it says, do you agree that it's also now less relevant to run retargeting in this case, unless you have a new product or you are running a sale. So when you're having a new product or you are running a sale, of course, you're going to do retargeting through your bottom funnel and middle of funnel. But I don't think that you should not run retargeting at all if you're not having a promotion or a new product.

I think that there are also going to be repeated customers if you have several products. And as I said, and we said that you're not one of the previous cases, I think you should not exclude the past customers. I think that even one or two of them are coming over there.

They're going to give you data so that you can continue optimizing. The general principle behind that, and I get the point that you say that Top of Funnel is already doing retargeting. But there are two things here.

The retargeting is going to help you, of course, to get some money that you wouldn't get. I don't believe that you can ever reach three or four frequency to your Top of Funnel campaign unless if you're targeting a very narrow audience. So I think that you need to do also retargeting because if you don't, you're losing money.

Of course, you will do retargeting from time to time for promotions and everything. But also keep into your mind that your Top of Funnel should not have excluded past customers because even one past customer that's going to be listed in your Top of Funnel ad is going to be a data point that's going to help you get another sale and another sale and another sale. So even if it's helping like 10%, 50%, whatever, I think that you should do it.

And even if the retargeting is increasing your revenue by 10%, 50% and so on, I think you should do it. So it's all about the ratio of do I benefit from it or not. And I truly believe that in normal situations and not in exclusions, not in specific situations like one item products that you don't sell again or high shipping times and stuff.

I think that you should do retargeting with a small budget like 10% of your budget, let's say. If you don't want to do more, there are businesses that they have to do more because this is the thing that they do. There are other businesses that they have to rely on retargeting.

For example, they do a lot of call traffic ads with another event like SaaS products, for example. They have a call traffic ad which is about downloading a PDF for starting a trial. And then after the trial, they have to retarget people in order for the people to decide if they are going to buy the product or the subscription.

So there are completely different models here that everybody should follow based on the information that they have in technical level. Dimitri, I think that I answered to your question and with my previous remarks about retargeting and if we should run it or not. So this is why I think that you will find your answer.

If you have any blank spots and stuff, let me know on the comments of this podcast. So here, so yeah, this is about that. Oh, Q5.

So I talked with some people recently, some of my clients that we discussed a little bit and some of the people that I just met. Because to be honest with you, there are a lot of people that they come to me from YouTube and I'm very happy for that because I'm starting working on their accounts. We have amazing results and they met me through YouTube.

They contacted so that they can handle their accounts. And it's a very good experience so far. To be honest with you, all the people that they contact me, they're amazing people that we work together and it's going very well.

So for me, the YouTube is this. I always wanted to meet people that they understand Facebook ads, they're successful business owners and I could help them scale. That was my only goal with YouTube.

I didn't expect to make any money. I didn't expect to do sponsorships and stuff. There are a lot of people that they send me messages about sponsoring their products and video stuff.

The only thing that I ever sponsored is this on the background, which is from a client that was also working with me on that period. So to be honest with you, it's a very good journey so far. And I really enjoy also the community and the comments that we have and I see that we have very good comments.

So one of the comments that I got is that you are talking about Q5 that is not good and stuff you made a video, but for me Q5 was very good. Point taken. I can tell you that still for my accounts, I didn't see good results for Q5.

Maybe because I'm biased. Maybe because it's my fault. This is something that I'm going to take care of on the next year.

Sadly, I cannot look at it now, but I had two comments already on two people. One from Switzerland, another one I don't remember, maybe it was Australia, that they were telling me that Q5 was very good for us. We were actually having some very good results.

So maybe I'm super biased against Facebook and I believe that they're doing it so that they can make money. Maybe Q5 is working, you know. For those of you that you don't know Q5, Q5 is the period from the 25th of Christmas to the 31st.

And Facebook is saying that in this period, not a lot of people are advertising. So you have less EPM, so you have better results. And there are two people that they came to me and they told me that Q5 has worked for them.

So I'm trying to restore here maybe a mistake that I have made and told them that I don't believe that Q5 is going to work. But even here, just from the previous context, I'm not saying that whoever is doing ads on the Q5 is stupid and you should not do it and stuff. I'm saying that in my personal opinion, I think that this and this and this and the decision is yours.

And I'm not doing this so that I don't have the responsibility. I'm doing this because I don't know your business and maybe your business is going to work very well on Q5, which is another proof over here that you should not be certain about the things that you say about Facebook ads because you don't know what kind of business the other person has. And in this case, I was wrong in their case.

I was correct in my case or maybe I was biased about Q5 and they didn't gave it enough attention. On the other hand, the Q5 is only five, six days. So there's nothing to plan over there.

It's not like a massive period to do ads. I don't know. For sure, I know that I'm going to look at it better the next year, but I also know that there are people that they told me that Q5 was good for them.

So I have to also tell you and I also know that we should not be certain about the things that we say, especially because Facebook is unpredictable and there are so many businesses out there. One last thing that I have as a note is that there's a new thing for all of you that you don't know it, but maybe you want to explore it, is that there's a new offer from Amazon, which is actually doing this. They tell you that you can put a payment gateway into your Shopify store, for example, where somebody buys the things onto your store.

So you're keeping the data, the pixel and everything and Amazon is going to fulfill the order. So you can have immediately something like shipping being sorted by Amazon and you keep the data instead of having products to Amazon, because a lot of times there are people on Amazon, not just for the amount of sales that they're getting organically over there, but because it's helping them to sort the shipping. So if your situation is, if your problem is the shipping, you can solve it with Amazon like this and you can still keep the data and do your advertisement to your site and keep the data to your pixel.

Now, another thing is that another comment that we have here is that why we don't use minimum spending in CBO to avoid Facebook spending all money on big audiences. So I get this message a lot, especially in conversations. This is happening because of what I have done with Crazy Method and the CBO optimization that I'm showing there and everything.

And people are just thinking that it's a little bit too complex. So they try to make it less complex. It's complex because this is how it's working, at least for me.

So the reason that we are not using any minimum spending on CBO in each one of the assets is because the moment you go and touch your assets in having minimum or maximum spend, you're just making it an ABO. Because if you have a minimum spending there, you're just making an ABO and the whole concept of CBO and having several assets is that it's going to distribute the budget among the assets and the best one is going to win. Which is also the reason that I don't understand that why is Facebook pushing the consolidation thing when they have the CBO.

These things don't go together. When you have a CBO, the whole purpose is to have a lot of assets that are going to compete with each other and the budget is going to be distributed in the best one and so on. So you have the CBO and then you have the concept of consolidation.

If they didn't want it that they could have not invented CBO and they could have only had ABO. And then we would talk about different kinds of optimization. So I don't believe in touching the maximum or minimum spend on each one of the assets on the CBO because the whole concept of the CBO is different and we want them to compete with each other and leave the CBO work in a way that we want.

So after the point that you're touching it, it's better to run an ABO with your own rules. But in CBO you just want it to do its thing, let's say. Okay.

So another thing. I have seen this ABO post over here. It says, we had a supply chain issue and it caused us to delay our shipment to customers two weeks longer than expected.

Being said, our Facebook page feedback score has fell to 1.2 and we need to get it boosted as up. If it's on 1.2, they should be banned, I think. Anyway, looking to hire someone who can help.

So the situation is this. If you have this kind of issues with your Facebook page, I can tell you that it's extremely difficult to recover it. Most probably when you will start noticing that the percent, the rating of your page is dropping, it's going to be already too late.

The other thing is that, and I'm not saying that you should do that. I'm just saying that I have listened to this. I heard that there are people that they are having several accounts, which they go and they give you positive reviews and you build a positive score.

This is something that one of the person that I speak told me and he has done it into his business and he told me that he is successful. Although, I want you to be careful because most of the times there are going to be also scammers involved in this situation that they are going to promise you that the score is going to be fixed. But it's never going to be fixed.

The same situation as there are scammers that they promise that they are going to take your Facebook page back and they never get it back. So, the thing here is that if your page score is very bad, I think that there is not a lot of things that you can do. I think that you just need to move on to a new solution, like a new page or whatever, and try not to get banned.

You know, I just try to abandon the page in the area that is before you get banned and then move to a new page so that you can advertise there. The second thing that I believe that you should do, if you are desperate enough, you should try to look one of the solutions because the person that talked to me and told me that, he shared his personal experience and he told me that this is something that happened to him. He did find a solution like this, so I believe him also.

So, this is another solution. There are most probably services like that. Just be careful for not to get scammed.

Just try to ask for a guarantee or anything. For example, pay them on PayPal so that you can get your money back if anything happens or whatever. Another thing.

Hello, I need your help. So, I had an Instagram account that someone hacked. I had someone to help me and they keep asking money saying that if I don't pay more money, they will hack my Facebook account.

Can you help me? So, this is a situation that I was explaining before. Just to keep it clear for the Facebook page score, I have seen people, I haven't seen it.

I have listened to people that I believe that they are telling the truth that you can fix that by hiring someone to do a lot of positive reviews. I have never seen someone paying someone though and getting his account back from restriction. Never.

It's always coming from a Facebook guy who is going to help someone or someone who has connection to Facebook to help him, which I don't. Someone or the customer support. It's never just a person that is going to help you.

These are scammers. You have to be careful. Don't do it and keep it to your mind that there is also a fake account which is pretending that it's me.

With a massive following that most probably it's a fake following that it was generated by... I wish I had that following on Instagram. He's changing the names all the time so there is no point to tell you what his name is.

But be careful because these people, they are ruthless and they just want to take your money. They don't care about your business or if you are going to cry about this. Just be careful guys.

Another thing. We have Stefka here. She made a question on the group.

Konstantinos, thanks for the video and the good advice and tips you share with us. Thank you Stefka. What do you think about the approach of running a rich remarketing campaign instead of a conversion remarketing campaign?

The audience should be the same in both cases but how exactly works to perform the algorithm? Thank you in advance. So you're actually lucky Stefka because I have done it for a business.

I wouldn't have done it but the person wanted to reach to as many people as we could from the past clients that he had. As fast as we could. So I knew that the fastest way it would be a rich campaign.

I would never made a video about that because I think that it was going to confuse people a lot. But this is why we have podcasts so that we can go deeper on stuff. So the fastest way to reach to an audience of let's say 2000 people, it's not engagement, it's not traffic, it's rich campaign.

It's going to reach to... it's going to try to show it to all of these people as fast as he can. Okay?

So this is the situation with this. So in this case I had the situation of having a rich campaign with a rich event, not a purchase event and stuff. And I was trying to reach to all of these people as fast as I could.

Because it was a limited time offer for a specific product that wasn't going to be... and we wanted to retarget all the past customers because we knew that they were going to be interested in that. Did it had sales?

Yes. It had sales. It had good sales and it served its purpose.

Should you do it in a normal situation that is not having all of these different parameters? No. Because when this happened then the owner of the business as it's normal to say, he said, okay, now let's turn all of our retargeting on rich.

So we did that. And I can tell you that the rich campaigns were not having better results from the conversion campaigns. So you can run rich retargeting campaigns, only retargeting, not on cold, rich retargeting campaigns when there's a specific situation that you want to be fast.

That's fine. But in the normal periods of the year that you are running remarketing and you want to have repeated customers and everything, if you believe in remarketing, because as we have seen at the start of the video, some people don't believe in remarketing nowadays on Facebook, you should do it with conversion ads because they have better ROAs and better conversion from rich campaigns. I hope that this answers your question.

Now, Upwork needs to add an option. I think that one remark that they have before we go to the freelancer days, how many times? Okay, perfect.

We're on time always. So I think that there's one thing that really annoys me lately on Upwork and it's the jobs that I'm seeing posted there. Most of the jobs, they're actually from agencies, from all of these people that they try to create an agency and they're going to be able to do it.

They're going to be able to do it. And they're going to be able to do it. And they're going to be able to do it.

And then they want to pay them $200, $300. And this is the biggest problem because all of these people that are going to serve customers, that they're going to be annoyed by their services. And then they're going to be skeptical about Facebook ads, which is doing a bad thing to the industry and to the other, to the other advertisers that they are legit like me.

So I was thinking that maybe Upwork should put something like, because I'm getting messages and messages on these jobs. And by the way, right now I'm not bothering a lot with Upwork. I'm just looking at it out of being used to it so many years.

But because most of my job now is coming from networking from people that I'm working with, they meet me with other people, YouTube, and from podcasts that I go and stuff. So Upwork now is a very small percentage of the works that I take. And also I believe that the quality over there of the leads is very bad.

I think that Upwork should put a feature that's going to say that this job post is from an agency and this job post is from an actual owner, so that nobody can actually post on these agency jobs anymore, because they keep posting stuff and they're just people that they haven't found a single client that they just want to find. You're just wasting your time with them because they haven't even found a client and they just want to find a client in the future. They're just making dreams.

Okay. They're not businessmen. Now, I have two freelancer diaries.

I'm going to start first with this one, which says, Hi, I need someone to hack into my boyfriend's messenger on Facebook, please. It says, I need to see why my boyfriend is always on messenger and whenever we talk he's different. I don't want to come off as someone who doesn't have trust, but I need to know why he's like this towards me.

I've tried so many apps and nothing. I'm willing to pay. So we have a love story over here, guys.

We have a he or she, I don't know, which is trying to actually find if his or her boyfriend is doing something on the messenger side. I thought it was very funny. But on the other side, it's a little bit sad because I'm sad of the person of feeling like this.

Now, what is funny though, is the next thing that it's not an actual job post, but this has happened, I believe it was one year ago or something. And I think that they have it in one of my Freelancer Dias episodes. But, you know, in the podcast, we said that we are going to bring all those back again.

So we have a message here. I'm going to hide the name of the guy just so that I'm not going to insult him or anything. But it says, hello, thank you for applying.

I apologize for taking so long to get back to you. It has been a busy few days. I have some follow-up questions for you, if that's okay.

English proficiency is really key for me. How would you rate your level? Two, given our geographic differences, would you be free to schedule a call or two with me?

Things I'm in need of. A step-by-step guide to creating ads linking my Shopify store to Google, Facebook, etc. to increase sales.

A step-by-step guide to scaling properly. Three, possibly a guide for order fulfillment. I currently have one store in Shopify that is connected to a Berlo.

Of course, he's a dropshipper. What else? Then he says, my goals for this venture.

Within one to three months, have two to three stores generating one to four K per month run by me. Within three to six months, have three to four stores generating six to ten K per month with almost total automations via plugins and virtual assistants. So, most probably, he has seen a video about telling him that he has nothing to do and he's going to just get paid.

Do you understand how difficult it is to have three or four stores of generating this amount of money? It's going to need at least ten people working. I understand that some of these profits would be reinvested in the business, but if I could obtain gold two with a rough profit of six K per month, that would be ideal.

So, he's saying that he wants to have within three to six months, within one to six months, he wants to have three to four stores that are generating profitably six to ten K. And he wants to also have, he wants to only invest the four K back and he wants to keep six K. And then he says, do you feel that these goals are obtainable and realistic?

So, I answered to him, no, I feel like they're not. Good luck though. So, because there are all these people that they have this concept that you just make a store and you're just making money out of it because I have seen a video of someone doing it.

Just so you know, a lot of these videos that you're watching from dropshippers and everything, let me tell you one hypothetical scenario. I'm a guy who's running Facebook ads, okay? I have access to several Shopify stores.

I have access to Shopify stores that there are legit businesses that they're having X amount of revenue and stuff. What is stopping me from creating a video that I show that dropshipping is successful and I show his account? The account of the guy who is running the successful store.

Does it make sense now to you? Because maybe I have a friend, for example, who is a dropshipper and I give him access to do a video here on my studio just so that he can present to you that he has a successful dropshipping store doing 10 million per year. This is not the case guys.

Because someone is showing you one Shopify store without showing you the brand and everything, it doesn't mean that it's lazy, okay? So I don't think that... On the other hand, what am I doing?

I believe with ad accounts, even if you don't show the brand, you show the results. And I always tell you that even if you see 8 ROAS, 10 ROAS, 6 ROAS, it doesn't mean that this is profitable for the business. It means that...

I'm always telling you, for example, the videos, this company has a break-even ROAS of 2.5. This company has a break-even ROAS of 4, 6 ROAS. Because recently I uploaded some videos with some big ROAS, I can tell you that this company has a break-even ROAS of 4.

So it doesn't matter what you see. Also, there's a lot of people that tell you what kind of ROAS are you achieving for your clients. Whoever is asking this question is clueless.

It means that they don't know what they're talking about. It means that they don't understand that there are different businesses with different ROAS targets and everything. So, in my opinion, today I think that the biggest thing that you should get is that don't believe anything that you see on YouTube, even if it looks super credible.

Because there are a lot of people that will go into great extent of showing you their Lamborghini or whatever to convince you that they are successful. There are other people that they are going to show you fake, not fake stores, they're going to show you stores that are not dropshipping stores, but they are legit businesses and they are going to present it like dropshipping stores. And there are going to be people that they show you just a print screen, which shows this retargeting and this and that, but they don't show you actual live account with video and stuff so that you can see what is happening here and there, refreshing the page, showing you also the ROAS between different periods so that you can understand what is working and what doesn't work.

And also there are going to be people in YouTube that are just going to express their opinion without even running Facebook ads, which is also another case with other people that they have YouTube channels and they don't run the ads. They just franchise of the business and whoever is coming, they are sending them to team A to B that is going to run the Facebook ads for them. And they are not touching ad accounts.

Whatever I'm going to do with my life, I know that I'm going to touch at least 10 to 20 accounts on my own. And if it becomes so big, I will have people that are going to do the workload and I'm just going to do the optimization. So 10 to 20 accounts on my own at least so that I can keep doing ads and keep being able to produce content and show you live accounts.

And if it becomes so big, someone is doing the workload, I'm doing the optimization so that everybody can be happy and keep communicating with the client. Because there is no other way that I can keep being updated. If you continue to just drop the work to someone else, you will be eventually outdated.

That's all I had for you today. I hope you liked it. Let me know in the comments if you liked it, if you have any remarks to it, if you want me to improve anything, if you want to discuss about something in the future podcast.

And yeah, that's a good idea actually. Let me know if you want me to discuss anything on the other podcast. It's not like I cannot find topics.

But maybe I can push a topic that I have in mind for the next one. But there are things happening all the time as you can see. So we have content here.

But I would love to hear your ideas so that we can discuss something that it really bothers you or you don't understand or whatever so that I can tell you my opinion. which doesn't mean that necessarily it's correct. So I will see you in the next podcast guys.

This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast.

Like, I know, it's a great deal. This was what it was. It was a great deal.

This was a great deal. It was a great deal. It was a great deal.

It was a great deal. It was a great deal. It was very good.

It was a great deal. It was a great deal.