Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Ελώ Φασίγου Ατζοί, είμαι Κωνσταντίνος και αυτό είναι το Φασίγου Ατζημιού ΑΝΟΥΣ Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Εταιγου νό paj University Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Ουθύματα κινη χάρη Μουσική Υποτετλοι AUTHORWAVE Δες πραγματικά με nella να ανακατεύουν Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Ψασίγου Αυτές Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Έτσι, για να ακούθουμε years to talk about the performance and how we can increase the performance. I'm going to make a dedicated video about it to tell you some things that I want about what I have seen there but first of all let's discuss a little bit about what I've learned and my opinion about it and then we can go straight away to your questions. Most probably in one of the next podcasts we are going to discuss and I'm going to make also video about the Black Friday period and what we should do in the next days.

But let's start. So one of the things that I've learned is that this Q4, it's considered $1.14 trillion period. That being said, a lot of times I'm saying that these are big numbers that a lot of times, we cannot understand.

In order for you to understand how big is this number is to make a percentage out of it. So if you say, for instance, that hey, this Q4, the amount spent is going to be 1.14 trillion period. So what is the percentage of the market that I want to take?

So if you are spending 100K, for example, with two, three ROAS and you're doing 300K, that means that you are taking 0.000 something percent of this market. So in order for you to understand that, yes, there are very big possibilities in this quarter, especially with Black Friday, you need to do a percentage and to just understand. And sometimes I also put people to do a percentage of their niche market in order to understand what kind of share they're looking to take from the market.

Because a lot of times people talk about saturation and all of that. And when you see these big numbers, you understand that all of this is in our heads. And the market is so huge that we just cannot understand the full potential numbers.

When you hear, for example, L'Oreal taking 60% of the market. Well, that's actually crazy. Okay.

These things are not happening. They can talk about saturation, not us. Now, another thing which was mentioned there.

It's pretty obvious, but for me it was, you know, a good observation that maybe I was missing. They were talking about Q4 being a very good initiation period about people that they don't know of a brand and they are going to buy from this brand because they are going to see some promotion or some coupon code and maybe after that they are going to be hooked. And it makes total sense.

In the normal period, people that they see in other brands and stuff, unless if they like something a lot, they're not going to buy. But if we talk about clothing, T-shirt, underwear, and all of that, a lot of times the initiation is happening through this Black Friday period because there's a good promotion and you are having the chance of testing the product with a lower price. So for all of you, it's also a very good initiation point for new clients so that you can have the mass repeated clients after that and this is something that you should consider strongly because if you have the chance to get a lot of sales from repeated customers and a lot of sales from some customers and a lot of sales also on the period after that from customers that they are going to stay, that's huge.

They were talking about 33 billion investing in AI this year and they are going to even spend more. They talk talk, of course, about account simplification and learning phase. And I just had the feeling that they do know from theory, which is learning phase and all of that, but they never run ads.

They don't know how the ads are working. They just, they're just a bunch of people over there that they're just talking in theory, but they never do ads. It's like, it's like you go in a place that there are 10 virgin men and they're talking about having sex, but they're talking only in theory and they have never done it.

Okay. So this is what it reminds me. It reminds me of people talking about something, but they have never implemented it on their own.

And I could understand it from the examples they were giving in the presentations and stuff. For example, I went in a workshop after that and they were having a case study. So basically the case study was that you're having one campaign that it was having broad targeting females 18 to 40 and it was 10 million people rich.

Then below that it was the beauty niche, which was having 6 million. And then below that it was the wellness with open targeting both of these interests, which was having 6 million. One of them was 4 million.

The other one was 6. And then you had one lookalike 3% which was having, I believe it was 3 million people, something like that. And then you had a bunch of retargeting of last 2 days, last 7 days and stuff and one for last 30 days.

So the question is what would you do in order to make the account better? Of course I told them that you should do a middle of funnel for people who engage with Instagram and Facebook. You should do one simplified bottom of funnel by just closing the 3 campaigns for different days and just keeping the 30 days one.

And of course, most probably consolidate all of these to running, of course I didn't mention Crazy Method because Crazy Method is against the rules about simplification. But I told them that, okay, you should close the other campaigns and run in Advanced Plus with broad targeting. Basically, this is what they want to hear.

But I told them and this is what really intrigues me. So let's say that I'm doing a quiz to you, okay? I'm putting a case study.

The numbers that I'm going to put, they're going to make sense. For example, I might tell you that you have a broad targeting of women and stuff in United States. Most probably I will open my ads manager and I will see the actual number.

But they're so sloppy. Even the person that came on the workshop talking about technical stuff never run ads because you can... I told her actually which counter is this?

Because if we want to talk about something, we need to know also the counter. So which counter is this that has 18 to 40 women, only 10 million people and the wellness or beauty interest in this audience is 6 million. There's no such counter or a 3% lookalike with 3 million.

So just a bunch of random numbers. Not even having the need to go to the ads manager. I don't know if they even have access to ads manager in order to check these numbers.

And to me, it was a little bit disappointing because I'm feeling like I'm talking... I was talking to people that they were not on the same level as me. A lot of sale mood.

So do this, do that, do this, do that, just to sell. But in reality, all of my questions that I had, nothing was answered. Questions like, why do we have only 8 advance plus limited in an account?

Are you going to do anything about that? Interest and lookalikes. Is there any engineering team actually working right now with these things?

Are they going to move better? Or you're focusing only on broad targeting? And many other...

What is datasets? Can someone explain what is datasets? Because we had pixel and API.

Dataset is something that is working together. How does it work? All of this kind of stuff.

And to be honest with you, they told me that, okay, we're going to hook you up with an engineer who is going to talk to you. Most probably I'm going to talk to him in two, three hours from now. But other than that, I must tell you that I was a little bit disappointed from the whole experience of...

You know, a lot of times I tend to talk about the meta reps or other people like brainwashed people. Like they live in North Korea and they believe that Kim Jong-kun is the supreme leader. Here we have a situation that people, they know nothing about running ads for businesses.

They just talk about theory. And I hope that at least the engineering team that I'm going to meet is going to answer some of my questions because everyone else was actually clueless. From the highest executives, from the lowest that they were talking into this conference, nobody knew what they were talking about.

Just theory about how to use Advance Plus, how AI is helping us with Advance Plus. The new thing, it was do more REITs campaign because REITs campaigns are going to help you a lot into your REITs. Because this is a new thing now that they're trying to push.

They talk about REITs campaign and REITs campaign and REITs campaign. and then you had also talking about AI, how it helped and all of that. The Advance Plus that it's amazing.

Consolidation that you should all do it. Actually there was one speech with one guy that he was scaling to 1.5 million per month spending and stuff. And in the workshop that I mentioned, I was with him in the same team.

So we had the chance to talk a little bit and this was a guy that knew what he was talking about Facebook ads. And he goes to me and I tell him, and are you doing all of that with consolidation? He tells me, no, I f***ing hate consolidation.

I do many ads. So basically I realized that everybody was trying to be polite over there, but not saying the truth about it. You know, okay, we do have Facebook and the rules and everything and stuff.

We do respect you. Okay. But we do just a small percentage of what you say.

and we do it only if we see that it's working on our ad accounts. So this person even that was speaking on the speech wasn't doing even consolidation. And there was a very good speech from one guy talking about creatives and stuff and that drills it's all about considering it as a new language.

and that too much focus on learning phase. They were not even mentioning anything about new ad accounts. And they were just saying about broad, broad, broad, like new ad accounts don't exist.

Another one. They were proposing to take the ads and turn them off during the promo periods to avoid getting out of the learning phase. Okay.

Which was actually a little bit crazy for me. They were talking about rates campaigns, as I said. And I have even been into one meeting that they were showing me a chart for this business that I went for because I was invited there because of the numbers that we do for a specific business that I do for a specific business.

And the thing is that they were showing, for example, just random numbers, I don't remember, that you reached in the past six months 10 million people and your frequency is 0.78. And I told them, how is the frequency below one? How is it possible?

Are you telling me that Facebook is lying for the 10.8 million that we reached? Because if we reached, let's say, 10 million and the frequency is 0.78, it means that we did 7.8 million just to put it in a simple way. It's not like that, but just to put it in a simple way.

So the frequency has to be always one something. Okay. If it is below one, it's not frequency.

It's another metric. Basically, by watching the presentation, I realized that they were taking the frequencies and they were dividing by the number of the months, which doesn't make any sense because they had to take the average out of it. So then I learned that one to three people actually got laid off recently.

So this has impacted a lot the customer support, of course. Just to give you another perception before we move to your questions. And of course, you can see everything that there is with images and videos and stuff into my video that I will make.

To me, it was very strange. It was a very beautiful building and all of that. Just a tech company with such nice places and rooms and everything.

But to me, it was looking like nobody was working and everybody was taking a break. The same situation that Elon Musk found on Twitter. I believe it was the same.

It was all about the woman CEO that was running it there bragging about how they employ 130 different nationalities and the whole situation of, you know, employees 65% women. I just wanted to raise my hand and say this is racist against men. because obviously over here we have a situation that they are, you know, it's all about a CEO that went up and talked for nothing.

She said nothing about meta, the ads or something new coming, which is what you expect from a CEO. from... it's not the CEO, it's the regional manager.

So you expect something like that, some news and all you hear about is how many people they employ, how good is to eat ice cream on the porch and, you know, all of this kind of stuff. Which, you know, it might sound appealing for some other people, but not for a geek like me that wants to hear only about Facebook ads. Okay.

I wasn't there to just see how good meta it is as a company. I don't f***ing care. I f***ing care about the algorithm and if it's working and if my ads are working for my clients.

That's it. Let's not talk about the 120 nationalities that you have in Censa because nobody cares. If you employ someone from Ghana or from China or from Greece, we do care if they give us good customer support.

We do care if they give us good changes on the algorithm, good tools. we don't care about anything else and about all of these politics things. Okay.

And, you know, this has, you know, irritated me a lot because I truly believe that they are missing the point over here. The point is the product. It's not what you are as a company and what you do and all of that.

This is very good if you want to talk to your investors or to anyone else. Anyway, they were taking breaks of two or three hours long. There were very big conference rooms that people were going as teamsters and working and stuff.

Also, there was very good food, even soft ice cream and marshmallows and whatever you can imagine that you can go and you can grab and eat and go into an area, take a coffee. out of it. You cannot imagine.

You can just, you know, do all of that all the time. And would I be happy if I was working there? Most probably, yes, because it's so relaxed.

Nobody is bugging you and you're working. But as a customer, I must tell you that I didn't like it. I thought that everybody was slacking there.

in the area. Okay. And they were not doing their proper job and we can see this on customer supported stuff.

If the customer supported everything else was working perfectly, the reps and everything, then I would say, oh my f***ing God, that's an amazing model and look how happy everyone is. But the way that it's working right now and also I now realized why the customer support cannot help you because they don't know. They don't, they just have in front of them some articles and stuff that they read and they don't know.

When you go into a workshop and the person that is talking in a workshop, which has to be an expert, is giving you wrong numbers and doesn't even put the effort to open the ads manager and actually check some numbers so that it can give you a proper case study so that you can discuss whatever you want to discuss about it. Even, even if you want to push consolidation, even if you want to push rich campaigns, just make a proper thing. Don't show me also on a wrong presentation 0.7 frequency.

You're not talking to someone idiot who is not running ads. Then I talked with a higher executive about some things in a technical level and he got annoyed because I shouldn't talk to him about this kind of stuff. Anyway, he wanted to talk only about other things because he's an executive and I should not ask him technical questions.

Total BS guys. Anyway, my experience as a place, it was an amazing place. Very good.

I had a really nice time and it was a very nice place. Also, I really thank them because I I wouldn't have the possibility to go there. It was nice.

But, you know, if you don't like criticism, then you're not going to do well, okay? I'm very harsh on myself also about the things that I do. So, my criticism is this and this is my true opinion about it.

And sadly, I do believe that even if I wanted to, I wouldn't be able to say it straight in their faces because they just wouldn't accept it or they wouldn't care about it, okay? So, I think that the problem is that nobody is being trained on actually running ads and I truly believe that if Meta had a simulation, okay? So, who is working where?

Everybody has to go through a simulation of running ads. It's like you're working on Slack as a company or you're working on... Which one?

Let's say you're... You are working on OORA ring and you are not wearing the ring. So, you don't know how it's working.

How the are you going to do customer support? So, there has to be, in my opinion, a simulation of, you know, people running Facebook ads so that they can understand a little bit, okay? I'm not saying that they should be become all experts, okay?

But, running at least ads, understanding how the ads manager works, create one campaign. All of these people, they talk about theory without... Never, ever, ever had their own ad account, for example, okay?

If I took Meta tomorrow, the first thing that I would do is that I would oblige every single one of them to create an ad account to do on business, to go on business settings, give them a domain which is going to be their email also, to have to add it there as a site or whatever and just have a demo simulation so that they can run also some ads and see how it is to create something and I would make this also monthly, okay? So, every month every employee should have one campaign that they created with some creatives and stuff, whatever that may be and run it so that they can be updated on how the ads manager looks and feels. Okay, that's enough with it.

I think that I will cover everything else and even some of the things that they said here on the next video that I'm going to make. Let's go to your questions. I don't want to talk about any other...

Okay, let's talk about a little bit about what is happening right now. So, we had a very good June, we had a very, very, very good July, a good August and now a very bad September so far. And how do I know this?

I know it from my friends, I know it from my clients, even my very big strong accounts, they're having less for us and I know it also from the people that they send me messages. The amount of consulting calls that I have done this month, it's not even comparing to the amount of the consulting calls I have done in June, which is not a lot. But this month I have done a lot of consulting calls helping people.

Now, the situation is this and we have to admit it if we want to be honest. When you are running Facebook ads, there are going to be good periods and bad periods. Why?

Because there are a lot of people that they are going to read Reddit or their friends or whoever that says, oh my god, I had an amazing month, I made 300k on July. Okay. And then you have all these people flooding the system, coming and doing ads.

And then at some point all these people lose their money and they stop doing ads, so results come back to normal. The rule is simple and I'm going to lay it down because a lot of times I see people making this mistake from the comments. You have to be lazy when things are doing bad.

So when things are doing bad, you should not just close ads, remove budgets, just try this, try that, try that, because it's not a good period for you to test things there. It's not a normal period, it's a period which is flooded with ads because a lot of people are advertising and you should not do that. So that being said, in that period you have to be lazy and you have to wait.

Okay, you have to diamond hunt all of the campaigns that you have and you have to keep it there so that you will be able the next day to scale. In the last two days, which is 18, 19 and 20. 19 and 20.

19 and 20 of September, the results have improved a lot. You can go into your ad accounts, if you run many ads, you will see that the results improved a lot. That means that a lot of people stopped advertising and now we're going to have a good period.

Now is the time for you to do new ads. Okay, because whatever chunk of the market you are not getting, someone else is going to. So when Facebook is giving you good results, you do new ads.

When it's giving you bad results, you just stay in where you are. And sadly, this is a hard game that you have to play because a lot of times people don't have the luxury of staying there because their accounts are not stable and they cannot stay on the same budgets because they are losing so much money that they cannot afford it. That being said, I have been also to some businesses that they told me, run ads for as much as you want, spend as much as you want, as long as we throw competition away.

And they have done it successfully. I have been into businesses in specific niches where I were running ads by losing money, a lot of money every month just to throw out the competition. It took us eight months and the competition stopped spending on ads and we covered that gap over there, but we had a lot of money to bear.

So imagine that this can happen individually, which is very difficult because it needs a lot of money. And I'm talking about one and a half, two million per month. This is when you're going to make a huge impact to your competition.

And I'm not suggesting you to do it. I'm just telling you that all of these years I have done some crazy stuff that I even tend to forget them from time to time. Now that I have seen this, I remembered it.

Just to throw away the competition, it actually was successful. And when I get good results in my ad accounts, I see other people send me messages that they got results or my friends tell me that. So I know that there's a pattern there.

And the only logical explanation all of these years that I have is that that a lot of times and it's happening also after a good period. Okay. The same thing happened on February.

Okay. We had a very good February, good March, April medium, May was very bad. Then people stopped advertising on May.

We had a medium June, very good July. Okay. And then we had a medium August, very bad September.

Most probably right now we're going to have a good October and November because it's Q4. Okay. So that's the situation with the ads.

And it's always about people coming, flooding the system with advertisements. They're taking some chunk of the market sales here and there and there. And they're limiting the rows of other people that they're running ads.

So at this point, you have to be lazy and you have to do nothing. You just have to wait. Okay.

And in my opinion, it's very important to have someone who is going to guide you on that period, not to be afraid if you have the money to support it and stay there. I'm going to make a dedicated video about this one proving all of that. I know that most of you, you're not going to do it.

It's fine. I understand it. To be afraid, I understand it.

I totally get it. Okay. But I'm going to show you in a video that when you are keeping like this your position, you are always winning the competition.

Always. Whoever is doing a lot of changes, small changes here, here, here, here, they're compiling two mistakes that you do every day and all of these mistakes make a huge mistake and you are losing your position. It's not about only profits.

Sometimes it's about maintaining your market share. So if I'm spending 100k and I'm not getting the results that I want for two weeks, I'm keeping my position so that nobody else is going to cover that. Okay.

And when I'm keeping my position and I'm scaling more, it's not only I want to keep a position for specific rows, it's also about scaling because if I don't scale, my competition is going to scale and they're going to throw me away from the market. Okay. These are things that you need to understand if you ever want to run ads in a bigger and higher spend.

In the smaller spends, whatever we discussed doesn't really apply. But even the smaller accounts, they get affected on this period. So right now, the situation is better.

I'm going to start doing ads on all of my accounts. I have already prepared for that. I told to everyone to have ready creatives for me so that I can start doing ads on that period.

And most probably later, we will see some comments that they talk about how they were having good results, they closed them and now they cannot actually recover them. The truth is that when you close your ads that you have for a long period, even if they do bad in the last seven days, what is happening is that you are doing new ads that are competing with the new CPMs. That being said, this is problematic because these are new ads that are competing with a lot of volume of ads.

And right now, I believe that we are again at the phase that you know, a lot of people that they shouldn't be on the platform advertising because it's too expensive for them. They realized it and they stopped advertising. And now, there are already a lot of people talking about how bad are the results and everything.

So now, we're going to have a good period for all of us, the professionals, that we can have actual numbers that we can work with on Facebook. Last thing. It's very sad, but this is our job and I'm talking to all the marketeers that they might be watching this podcast.

We have periods that you might be unlucky, for example, and you're going to to onboard a client on September and they're going to do very bad because what the client sees is that in July, I was getting very good results like everyone else. And then I took Constantinos, for example, in September and my results went down. Okay.

So, in my opinion, and I don't know if I will start doing that because I don't want to pressure people for three month contracts and I want to do it monthly. Maybe because of all of these fluctuation or results on the different months, maybe it makes sense to work on three month contracts because just one month, it's just a... and the opposite also can happen, by the way.

Okay. Maybe somebody was doing ads on May and you just start working with them on July and you just have amazing results comparing to something else. But it's not fair, you know, because maybe you have an advertiser on May and you have an advertiser on July and people see the results of July and they think that it's only because of the advertisers.

It's not because of that. It's because of the CPMs that you also had. And it's time to address this kind of thing because it's a little bit toxic to think that Facebook advertisers influence 50% or 60% of the results.

We do influence 10%. Everything else is rigged. And you do want advertisers like me or someone else for the knowledge that they can give you in scaling.

Okay. I have businesses that I'm running them for years and I have scaled them because I know all of these patterns. If you want to hire someone for one month or two months or three months and then just stop it, then for me it doesn't worth it.

Okay. It doesn't make any sense because it's going to be a different period and a different period. And you know, it's a little bit sad, you know, because I'm just me or someone else that we're being criticized on something that we cannot control, which is the CPMs and the number of people advertising.

So the situation is this. If you want to hire someone and I'm not talking about myself only, but in general, just work with them for a long period, just let them do the work. Don't criticize them based on the previous month and stuff.

Just try to see what is their plan, how they're going to structure it. You see in my case studies, it's a whole plan of different campaigns that they're staying there and everything. And I'm trying to put all of that, but I know that a lot of times into owners, the fear is overcoming and they are afraid or they don't have the money to support it.

I get it. Okay. But don't expect for someone just because you have 1.5 ROAS to take you to 3 ROAS just because this is what you want.

Okay. These things are not happening. Also, these things are not happening only in terms of the Facebook ads.

You need to have landing pages, creatives, all of that. The ad accounts that I'm showing you, the case studies, they have a very good plan about SMS, email marketing, landing pages, new collections, creatives, influencer marketing, influencer outreach, all of this kind of stuff. It's like a well-oiled machine which is working and then Facebook ads is just making it explode.

If you don't have all of that, don't expect stability or anything else. You are just going to be like everybody else that they come and advertise in certain periods just because this is what worked for them. Okay.

Okay. Just because this is what works for everyone else and they want to see if it's going to work for them. Now, enough.

Let's go to questions. Hi, Konstantinos. Thank you for the insightful video.

Some great tips in there. Do you have any tips of using rules for Advanced Plus campaigns? I have been running some for an e-commerce business which started off well with quite acceptable CPAs.

However, some campaign CPAs have suddenly gone through the roof, of course, because it's September. And no, I'm not using any rules to Advanced Plus. One simple rule that you can use if you want is that as long as it's hitting certain ROAS, you can increase it by 20% or 18% if you are super superstitious about the 20% and you don't believe it, it, you can make it 80% so that it doesn't go out of the lending phase.

Using Advanced Plus, you can only set rule to work across all Advanced Plus campaigns. I'm working from Australia. If that makes any difference, yes, that rule will go to all of them.

I have tried to set a rule to decrease beats by 0.5 if beats go over a certain threshold, but it does not seem to have any effect. I don't like that rule. It doesn't make any sense.

With some CPAs still coming around 500% above target. And tips of advice would be greatly appreciated, Simon. So, I don't like rules because I'm all day on PC and I'm working on the ad accounts daily, so I don't have to use any rules.

I do understand people using rules for scaling with the 20% rule in the daily level as long as it's hitting targets. But other than that, I wouldn't use them. And also, what you said about the CPS skyrocketing, this is one thing.

He's doing all of this kind of stuff during a bad period. Now, does he know it? No, he doesn't know it.

But the truth is that he should find a way to know because doing all of these kind of tests and things during a bad period, it doesn't mean that it's a good period for you to test things in order to understand if they are going to work or not. Now, next one. Also, the other thing which is very funny is that you do stuff, you do stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, stuff, and then something is working, but it's working when all the accounts are going to do well and you think that this is the magic thing that actually worked in the ad account.

It's not like that. It's because everything else worked. So, you go like crazy and you test different things, even you go and watch videos from Constantino's crazy methods, stuck localized, whatever, and you do this and that and that.

You say it doesn't work and then eventually you try something else and it works and you say this is the thing that works. No! You should test things in a good period.

You should not test things in a bad period. In a bad period, nothing is working. You can do nothing about the CPS.

Next one. Hi! New account, sale and again I'm not outside of reality.

I know that some of you you cannot afford it. Okay? Sadly, that's the truth.

Close your ads. Don't try new things all the time. You're just spending money for no reason.

And who is going to tell you if there's a good period or not? Obviously not me. So, don't start sending me messages.

Is it a good period or a bad period? There are a lot of people that actually do it but don't. But, you know, hire someone to do your ads.

I don't know. This is the hard truth. Okay?

If you want to admit it or not or whatever, but if you think that you have done a new campaign and suddenly it worked because it was a good campaign and a good idea, no. It worked because it worked for everyone and you have less competition. Next one.

Hi! New account. Sale 10 days in a row.

USA Adsets and 25 countries in another Adsets. Tried an Advance Plus no sales. What would be my best move for a smaller spend around 85 per day?

I tried a broad Adset, got a sale, ABO. I found 3 interests that got sales. I'm trying now with 2x CBO, one USA, one 25 countries.

4 Adsets each, the 3 interests and the broad. The 3 interests and the broad doesn't make any sense because most probably if you are in a CBO, yeah, you are in a CBO, you're going to have an issue because most of the budget is going to go in the broad. So, you should not test broad with other interests.

Do you think I'm making the right decision or should I be concentrated on say specific ages, genders and placements to try get another 50 shares before CBO? The last one failed. Thank you, Wayne.

So, basically over here I can see several mistakes. I don't understand why you want to do two campaigns when you have only 85 dollars as a budget. I really like the fact that you are separating USA from other countries because USA is a big country, it's going to take all the spend.

I don't like the fact that you have a broad targeting with other interests. Maybe you can do crazy method with your best working interest and try to see if you can find some hot pockets there. Other than that, I have nothing else to propose.

And of course, Advanced Plus most probably is not working because you have a new pixel and it's a broad targeting. So, focus for now not on broad but just focus on on interests and then lookalikes and then broad. Of course, test them from period to period in order to see if they are going to work or not.

Next one. Hey bro, are you noticing a drop in conversion for the past weeks and an increase in CPMs? My conversion just stopped all of a sudden and my CPMs went up considerably after releasing but that hasn't helped either.

Just wondering if you're noticing anything similar. So, this is the same discussion that we had earlier. A lot of times people send me these messages and yes, it was a bad period and yes, you had an issue and yes, I told him that basically you f***ed up, you shouldn't have closed your ads and relance and stuff.

He answered to me, I don't have the luxury, I couldn't support it because I was losing money. And of course, it's totally acceptable but it's not the right course, sadly. It's not the right course of action to take over here and basically you should be more patient in order for it to work.

Sadly, that's the truth. Right now, you need to build it all over again. But it started working again well, so you might try now.

Great, Dr. Kostadios, thank you. What I would like is having two identical adsets within the second set, the identical adsets of the first set.

For that, I need the ad IDs. Although I can find the ad ID numbers in the Ads Manager, this doesn't work. Do you have any work around for that?

That would be great. So, I'm preparing a video. I don't know when it's going to be live basically this video is all about spotting these, you know, post IDs and how to use them.

There are two ways. First of all, you can go into your working ad and there's a share button which has a drop down. You can click over there Facebook post with comments.

When you go to that, you can click into the... There are some blue letters as a link. You can click to the date.

It's going to say March, April, whatever. You can click to the date, it's going to open you a new window. In the URL on top, you're not going to see numbers but you're going to see a very long thing which is going to say PF.

I don't remember if it's PF or something else. It's going to say PF blah blah blah. Let me see actually.

Let me make sure how it looks because I replied to this person just to be sure. just a second. What's his name?

Let me see. His name is affiliate. Just give me a second guys.

There he is. There he is. So, I wrote to him.

I prepared a video about it. I don't know when it's going to go live. We'll try to explain it here though.

I like... Okay, the first way is that I like to go to my message center through Business Street of course and find out the Facebook comments. Basically, over there you can see all the Facebook comments and over there in the Facebook comments which you should reply as a business.

You can see the different posts. So, basically, if you are even running dynamic creative ads and you have several combinations, over there you see the combination and you see how many comments it has, how many likes. When you click on the...

When you click on the date over here, it's going to open a new pop window. On the top, you're going to see the URL. It's going to say PF and a long text with Jupyres.

So, basically, you take that and you are copying and then you go into the ad level, use existing post, find post and then you copy paste into the search bar this big text and then you're going to be able to find your post over there and you can take it and you can use it as an ad. This is the way to do it or if you have your ad already, you do Facebook post with comments and you find it from there with the same way. I like more the comments because I'm using dynamic creative ads and they can create thousands of combinations.

So, there you can go and you can see which combination is taking all the comments and everything and it works flawlessly, at least for me. Next one. I hope that it's going to help you and do it faster before the video because I don't know when it's going to go live.

Hello, Konstantinos and fellow group members. I have a quite interesting question and it's intrigued me for a long time. Recently, we made some changes to our website, like checkout and adding some more buttons for our customers to buy, while our ads were still live.

After that, our results dropped. A similar happened when I was working with one of my clients two and a half years ago and he made changes to his website, like changing the whole theme of the website on Shopify. How...

I don't understand this... It actually annoys me a lot. Why are you touching something that is working?

I never understood that. I never, never, never. And even if many years pass by, I will never still understand it.

Why the are you touching something that is working? Why? You have gone through the process of doing tests here and there and there, finding something that's working.

Why you touch it? You are not going to make it better. 99% of the cases, you are going to make it worse.

Okay. However, we didn't send traffic during that period, but when it turned out and campaigns back, our results dropped too. I don't know if it's true or not, but I believe it does affect the results.

I'll be happy to see the insights of you and fellow members on how relevant this thing can be. Super relevant. So, let's think of it in a normal way.

So, let's say that you have a girlfriend, okay? And then you go and you paint your hair pink. You change nothing else into your character.

Nothing. You're the same person. You take her to the same places and all of that.

And after you do that, three days later, she tells to you that she wants to break up. Okay. Either it's going to be by luck or from the one thing that you f***ing changed.

You painted your hair pink. Okay. Or purple.

So, that being said, when you have something working, you do your ads, they are working and you do something drastically in the side and you change it and then results are not there. Why is it a rocket science to understand that most probably this is what is affecting it. You should not even thinking about it.

Okay. Of course, it can influence. What did we say about Facebook?

Facebook is the intermediate. It's not the one deciding if people are going to buy or not. Facebook is the platform that is connecting someone with your product landing page, which has a certain price, a certain landing page, a certain this and that and that.

So, So, of course, if you do changes into your funnel or your landing pages or your site or even change your whole theme, as you said that it was happened by a client two and a half years ago, it's going to affect everything and maybe it's going to ruin everything. Okay. Next one.

Also, don't forget that the pixels are getting trained even on landing pages. Okay. So, if you take one product from store A to store B, which is different, it doesn't mean that because it has the pixel there, it's going to convert.

I have seen it happening. The pixel also gets trained on how to sell to specific people that they are going to like this landing page to buy this specific product. Next one.

Hi, Konstantinos. Waiting for your review on the attribution tool you mentioned in July videos. Sadly, the client took more time from what I anticipated about this.

We are starting now to work with it and I have no idea on how it's going to go. You will have to wait. I'm not going to announce anything if I'm not sure about it.

There's a growing noise about excluding past engagers from past engagers. who the f*** is proposing that? From TopoFinal Conversion Campaigns, I only use what you prescribe on the channel and my frequency over three months is cold.

TopoFinal is less than three. Perfect. What's your thought on this?

That's total BS. You cannot... I'm even against of excluding past customers.

Just so you know, because I still believe that even a past customer is going to convert even from another way and Facebook is stealing the sale, that this is still data that Facebook can use to find you a new customer. When will you restart the Friday podcast? Can't wait.

I have already done it. There are two of them that were live this way and this one which is going to be most probably huge but it's going to be one because we will make another one next week. And then we will start rolling to our normal hours and stuff because there are a lot of questions piling up.

Most probably guys I will have to start sorting out questions and not taking all of them because right now I'm taking 80-90% of them. I will have to start sorting them out to make the podcast a little bit more hour friendly. Hello, Constantinos.

I've watched a lot of your videos but haven't found any suggestions regarding ad placement inside a CBO Dynamic Creative Ad. Are you sure? I have my masterpiece about automatic placements.

Anyway, I do talk about placements. You can check about automatic placements and stuff. I configure it for manual placement but I'm unable to to locate any customization options.

Ah, I see what he's talking about. So when you're doing normal ads, you have the option of having different creatives into different placements. In Dynamic Creative Ads guys, you don't have this option okay so don't expect to find it.

This is why there's no video because there's no such thing. My particular need is to utilize a 9x16 format for Instagram and Facebook stories while opting for a 4x5 for the feed. Regrettably, I haven't been able to find any settings that allow me to make these adjustments within the CBO Dynamic Creative campaign.

You cannot. This level of customization is readily achievable in Advanced Plus or ABO campaigns but it seems to be absent here. Don't run Dynamic Creative Ads if you want that.

Sadly, there's no option about it. You can even run crazy method with 3-4 ads, 5 ads per adset. It's still working.

I'm especially concerned about upholding a professional image and a way to avoid the 4x5 format being applied to stories or is... Okay, you take something, you lose something with Dynamic Creative Ads. I know it's not the ideal when it comes to the placement and the creative that you put there.

Could you please provide any recommendation or workarounds to help me achieve this formatting? There are no workarounds. You will have to use something different or use the Dynamic Creative Ads for another purpose.

Next one. We'll go to my friend here. This time it's only three questions.

Welcome back, Kostantino. So, I've recently found one YouTuber who preaches broad targeting. I asked him what he thinks of having multiple broad ad sets within one CBO crazy method and this is what he has to say.

The concept of different hot pockets makes no sense. I will tell you what makes no sense but anyway. The ads are doing the targeting.

Why would you even want different hot pockets? Because... Okay, let's read all of it.

Wouldn't you want an event diagram of ads that have a bountiful opportunity? The five ads' logic comes from trying to force 2016 Google Display thinking into a post 2018 Facebook world but rejecting how Facebook works. Not quite sure if I fully understand his response.

Any comments on that thing? So, I don't understand his response either but somebody not talking about hot pockets. I think that doesn't understand how Facebook works and this is an issue that we have to address.

Now, when you are running one and I have explained this a lot of times and most probably if I had the discussion with this person I would be able to convince them if they will be open-minded because this is not a theory that I have in my head. This is something which is proven by data within the ads manager. If you have one ad set and you run it on Monday, then you run it on Thursday, then you run it on another day or another day and if you're observing what you're doing inside the ads manager, this is very clear that there are hot pockets.

Super clear! When you have people like me spending 1.7 million in one ad set and you're seeing that you are reaching only 10 million people, you know that you have hot pockets. When you are having one company that's having different average order value based on what they are selling and you see that one ad set, for example, when it's starting with low average order value orders, it continues with low average order value orders and this never increases, then you know that you have hot pockets.

It's all about observing and not being brainwashed by what Facebook says. So, when you observe all of these kind of things, you cannot just deny that there are hot pockets that are being created in the different ads. Also, I would strongly appreciate if you don't go to other channels and you create, you know, you start trying to convince people about the crazy mental stuff because it's not easy for someone who has a channel to just accept something like this if he's preaching something else into his site.

Now, whoever has the balls and wants to do a discussion about it, we can go into an open discussion and we can discuss it but there is no point going and I can see that the way that you asked the question was a very polite way but don't go into other channels and try to push this concept because they have their own way of thinking and the way that they do ads. But whoever wants, the data is there. I can prove what I'm saying about the hot pockets and not just a crazy guy who thought of something and is starting saying it.

It's there and it's proven at least with my reasoning, okay? Maybe even if I show him all of that he's going to say, no, this is happening for this, this is happening for this. The problem guys with Facebook ads is that none of us has actually studied ads in a university or whatever and we have learned by our experiences.

If you have worked with several companies that they have high average order value items and stuff, most probably you have other experience. If you have worked only with real estate, you have other experiences. Yesterday I was discussing with a girl from Philippines for a consulting call that I had and she was telling me I have a business which is all about traveling and stuff and in this business these people they are taking leads and then they are converting them because the seven days attribution is not enough.

And then she told me that I'm having now a new client that wants conversion stuff and they don't understand this kind of concept. So what am I going to do and stuff? So imagine someone working with someone in a travel agency with leads and someone working with a travel agency with conversion.

They would have completely different ideas. Also, I have worked in several niches but I cannot say that I have worked in all of them or have the knowledge for how all of the niches are working. Real estate, for example, I don't do real estate ads, okay?

So most probably there are people that are better than me. The problem is that when you have a YouTube channel and you talk in general about Facebook ads, you don't know what is going to work where and there are people that they might be saying that, for example, hot pockets don't exist but maybe this is their truth based on their experience that they had in other accounts that they had. We cannot just say that I'm correct and he's wrong and everybody is correct based on their experience unless if they are conmen, okay?

And they know that they have no experience with Facebook ads and they just talk, okay? But if they are running Facebook ads, they are not telling you lies. They are telling you their own truth.

Their own truth is something else that they have seen. This is why I'm always telling you, look at me, someone else, someone else, someone else, take all of that. Test them into your ad accounts.

Don't test them in a bad period. Test them in a good period and see what is working better for your business, okay? It doesn't mean that just is going to be right or someone is going to be right based on the experience that they had and maybe it's going to be something which is closer to you if your numbers work for Facebook and if, if, if, okay?

There are so, so many variables over here. But yes, hot pockets do exist and they do exist for every niche, okay? But maybe because of the ads that he's running, he doesn't, he doesn't understand it fully yet or he didn't have the luxury of running 1.7 million in one ad set in order to see it with his own hand, with his own eyes, okay?

So there is no point of trying to push other, to other experts, other methods because they have their own things which is coming from their own experiences. Next one. And the reason that I'm mentioning this is because I'm having over here one message which I'm going to read after I'm done here.

So it says, I got a bit skeptical when the same guy said it's better to start with Broad right away because even though it will require more money to invest upfront compared to interest and LLAs, eventually the long-term return will be higher and you will be able to scale better. Then why not start with interest and move Broad once you get more data a lot. I agree with you.

So maybe this person is working only with big brands, okay? And he doesn't understand that there are going to be some small players over there that they don't have the luxury of doing that. And I know that most probably his answer which he's not going to be able to say is that the the small ones.

If they cannot enter the market, we live in a capitalist world. So who cares? Let them not ever advertise.

But I get it. If I had, which I had in past, an investor which was telling me spend as much money as you can in order for us to go as fast as we can into the scaling process, I would just do Broad also and try to train it immediately. So it's not actually wrong what he says.

It's how you do it and how fast you want to do it. Because there are two ways. Either you're going to have interest, lookalikes and stuff and build your way up with the results.

And the second way is that you're doing Broad which is going to work eventually at some point and you're going to just hit all the time into a wall trying to penetrate that, okay? And eventually you're going to penetrate the wall and you're going to break it and you're going to go into a trade pixel. Because it's how you do it.

How efficient are you? How much are you spending for a purchase? If you do it with interest and lookalikes initially, maybe you will spend less.

Okay? And then later you can do Broad. If you do it with Broad, you're spending more, but you're going into a situation that you're just training an ad account for just Broad targeting.

Also, let me mention that the way that the algorithm is moving and the money that is being spent on the algorithm and stuff, if the threshold for doing Broad targeting, for example, this is a new ad account, this is a new pixel, okay? And this is the point that you can start doing Broad targeting. The more we train the algorithm, this threshold is moving closer, okay?

At some point, maybe we can use Broad targeting since the beginning, we don't know that. But as it stands now, I think it's more cost efficient to start with interest and lookalikes. But I get his point.

His point is also that, look, I work with big companies, they spend a lot of money, and they want to do it like this. Totally acceptable also. I've also noticed a lot of marketeers are saying that lookalikes are not worth doing anymore.

I totally disagree. There are several accounts that is working. Is that because of FIOS update or something?

Most probably if they're using 1% or 2% that they don't know from stacked lookalikes. Stacked lookalikes are working, guys. I wouldn't use them individually.

Yes, 1%, 2%, I wouldn't use them individual. But stacked lookalikes or a 10% lookalike, it's working in most cases if you have a good pixel. I mean, logically speaking, lookalikes are even better option than interest for products that don't have interest.

That's true. Yeah, but Broad is even better than lookalikes than niches that don't have interest. For example, any product related with paint don't have interest like neck paint or knee back.

So I think LLAs in that case should perform and actually do perform better for me personally than interest. Yeah, as I told you, everybody shares their own experiences about that. I got also a message from, I think his name is Charles, it's the disruptor.

He has done also an interview recently with Ben Heath about it and most probably I mentioned in one of my podcasts, the 3-2-2 method. He says, my man, I love that you talk about my 3-2-2 method. By the way, my disagreement with 3-2-2 method is that I truly believe it's a little bit of marketing.

Okay, so you market it because it sounds well as 3-2-2 and I truly believe that if you have done 3-2-3, 3-2-4, 3-3-3, okay, 3-3-3 sounds better. If you have done, no, 3-2-2 sounds better. I think it's the best marketing.

Like the crazy method. The crazy method is something that everybody is mentioning because it's a good marketing as the way that you call it and this was my disagreement. Why not, you know, a different combination.

He says, let's do an interview today, River, in your questions and we can totally have some great chats about other things too. 100% I respect my man. Let's open it up and have some fun.

100% I told him, you can shoot me an email whenever you feel ready that you want to do it. The issue is that I can sense also that Charles is not like Ben Heath is a gentleman, okay. Ben Heath is from United Kingdom.

He's a gentleman. He's very polite. I have also talked with him in one call.

Me and Charles, I don't know Charles if we are opening the Pandora's box here, okay, because if me and you we can go in an interview, first of all, I don't know how long it's going to be. Secondly, I disagree with a lot of things that you say and you disagree, I'm sure, with a lot of things that I say. Of course, we can, as I said earlier, all of us, we can have our own personal opinions based on our experiences.

But I don't know how this interview is going to end up. But to be honest with you, I'm open to it. We can have some fun but most probably it's going to be a heated conversation because I know that you are also super, you know, you're defending your position relentlessly, okay.

So let's see, who knows, maybe it's going to happen, maybe not. I'm waiting on your email I guess. For sure the fans are going to enjoy it, okay.

On your side and my side, having us in a conversation, it's going to be most probably super entertaining for them. Next one. But I'm not going to go like Elon Musk and Mark in a Brazilian GOG too much.

If you want that, we can just avoid it, I don't know. But a discussion for an hour or two, talking about all of this kind of stuff. It would be interesting.

Next one. Hey, Constantino, being a long time follower. Thank you, bro.

You're one of the only ones on the watch now days because you are so informative. Thank you. Just a quick question.

I just recently paid my billing due to the payment hitting threshold, but I didn't notice that the monthly billing was going to hit a couple days after. So I'm stuck after with a dilemma. Okay, that's nice.

Not what happened to you is nice. It's nice as a dilemma. either leave the campaign on and let it hit a failed payment or turn off the campaign until the monthly billing passes by.

Understand you said in the previous videos to never let that happen and also to never turn off your campaign if it's doing good. It's actually a good dilemma, you know. It's like the thing that you say, would you prefer to be a cow or a chicken, for example.

It doesn't mean that any of these options is good, for example, but you have to pick one of them. Okay, I love this kind of dilemma a lot of time. Now, if I had to pick one and this is what I told you and then we had a conversation also with Messages and you told me that it worked, is that I would close my campaign.

I wouldn't let my ad account go into a failed payment like this because I have seen that this is a penalized behavior from Facebook and I have seen it several times. So, better to close the ads than open them again, turn them on and you told me that it actually worked and you had zero issues, which is good. But both of these options are bad, but if we want to choose one I would prefer not to hit the failed payment.

Thank you so much for sending. Next one. I've talked to Ride recently on a call.

It says, hello, thanks for the great value. I use Advanced Plus all the time and it's working perfectly fine. I don't use CBO at all.

Is there anything wrong with that? No, not at all. This is what I said.

You can use whatever you want and whatever is working into your account. It doesn't mean that because it's working for others it has to work necessarily for you. I keep hearing that Advanced Plus is only for scaling.

Let me know your thoughts. Yeah, Advanced Plus is scaling. You can scale much easier comparing to CBO, but it doesn't mean that you cannot use it for maintain budget campaigns.

Next one. Hello, thanks for the great content as usual. I watch every video about five times.

I have a question. When do you start optimizing Advanced Plus campaigns? Do you wait for about seven days or do you start optimizing by switching off failed ads after only one or two days?

It really depends on the average of the value. This is what I realized and also the feeling you have on the ad account. So when I'm going to another account, I have a feeling.

So am I doing changes super fast? I'm starting doing changes. I'm starting optimizing one campaign and then I'm closing adsets and they see sales coming later.

Okay, maybe I should have let them one or two more days. So you get a feeling of the account on how fast it's reporting, how long it's taking for people for the adsets to convert and so on. From personal experience, the higher the average of value is, the more flexible you need to be.

So if you have an average reserve value of 1800, you should leave it for three, four, five days because one sale can make a big difference. But if you have a smaller one, you can start touching it from two, three days and then is the feeling that you have on the ad account on how fast it's reporting sales and stuff. For example, if a lot of times you're closing adsets or ads and then you see sales after some time they're profitable and the ad set is profitable, that means that you should be more flexible in your next optimization.

until you find the right spot. Hello, I have a question. Do all the campaigns with different strategies have different creative?

Oh, he's talking about a case study. Can I use the same creative in different strategies to see which works better? In that case that you are referring to in a case study, yes, they do have different creatives.

And yes, you can use the same creatives with different strategies in order for you to see if you can scale. But most of the times when I do another campaign, I prefer to be with other creatives so that you can have different penetration to the market. Next one.

I just started Advantage Plus, day one. I just made it to 1.15 ROAS. Day two.

It was almost three ROAS. Day three. It's around 1.4 ROAS.

I have no idea how this is going to go. It's all over the place. I'm hoping it will balance out soon.

It's not going to. It's out of learning phase now, so we'll see. I'm hesitant to increase the budget at this point.

I'm spending 300 USD per day on it. You are experiencing what we call a new pixel or your ad account is not strong enough in order to keep stable results. What you need to do is you need to watch the average results of the last seven days and not the results of individual days in order for you to be able to understand better what is working and what doesn't.

The other thing is that you need to be patient and also based on the message that you sent me, you have done it also in a bad period. So in a good period maybe it's going to be better. The fact that you're getting consistent sales every day is very important.

If it's not enough, maybe you need to work with your numbers and the average value and everything or you need to be spending a little bit less in bad periods and a little bit more in good periods. But don't expect it just to, you know, go to super stabilization just like that. Okay, next one.

Okay, next one. First, congratulate you and thank you for your dedication and time on such excellent videos. Thank you.

Could you please activate the subtitles of this video? Okay guys, let's discuss about this. So behind the camera is the person that is doing the subtitles for the podcast.

Let me tell you what's happening. You do realize that one hour video or one hour and a half which this one most probably is going to be or even more. It's impossible for us to have the subtitles the same day that the video goes live.

I know that a lot of you don't speak the language and it's difficult but it's not going to harm you if you watch the video five or six days later with the subtitles. Okay, it's impossible. We have tried it.

I have even employed another person for it. It's impossible to have subtitles on the same day. Impossible, just impossible.

Then, what is your opinion of the online market in Portugal? Three years ago, okay, three years ago, we sold the clothing and footwear very well via messaging applications which stopped working with the transition obligation until the new DSA law and the data protection law were applied. I don't know if from now on it will start working again with the updating of these laws.

Then, we set up our site for the store. I have applied each and every one of your advice which is great to appreciate as well as advice from two or three other recognized special experts, and recognized specialists on the subject. We have spent money but we have no return on investment and I'm desperate with my wife.

We need to sell and reduce stock to recapitalize and I can find a solution. What do you think of Portuguese market and of the new European laws? Great job, you're fun, you're a better master of masters.

So, first of all, and I'm sure you're going to get a solution. So, let's address a little bit to reality. So, you're testing me, okay, it's not working.

You're testing another person, another person, another person, as you said, three, four, five people. If it's not working, most probably it's not going to work with anyone. Secondly, Portugal is a market which is not a big market, it's a small market.

I have seen some success to it but with beats here and there. Nothing crazy like Germany, for example, or United Kingdom. The laws that we have, especially in European Union are stupid.

Don't forget that we don't even have threats yet in European Union in order to start seeing it. the problem is that I think, my friend, you need to watch all of your numbers again because if it doesn't make any sense, you don't sell and stuff, you need to start seeing your collections, everything. And because it was selling some years ago, it doesn't mean that it will have to keep selling for forever, okay?

And yes, I have seen successful businesses in Portugal. If it's not working for you, it's not because of Facebook or strategy, you need to just rework the numbers and all of your collections and everything in order to find it all over again. Next one.

Hi, how does your strategy work with Advanced Plus campaign? Or should we go back for Black Friday to a regular CBO and different assets for pre-Black Friday and so on? Hell no!

We're going to use Advanced Plus all the way along. Don't forget that Advanced Plus came to our live on September, the previous September. So we used already Advanced Plus in Black Friday and it was working perfectly.

So we closed a specific asset and after its sale until the 25th. Thanks, Marcos. So basically the scenario here for Black Friday is that we run some campaigns before.

Of course, I'm going to make a dedicated video about it. But we do run some campaigns before, like as Evergreen campaigns and even if we are unprofitable on the first 10 days, we just keep them because these are very important campaigns because they're going to be fueled with a lot of data and we want that, okay? So we're going to start campaigns, some of them in the middle of October, some of them at at the start of November and some of them at the middle of November.

At this period we're going to have campaigns and we're going to start increasing our budget and even if you are unprofitable for 10 days, believe me, or 7 days, you're going to make money during the Black Friday period. You start with those. You take all of these and you just pump them with data during the Black Friday period along with your Black Friday campaigns.

These Black Friday campaigns, of course, I'm talking about accounts that they have some spend, okay? Not very small accounts. If you have that structure, then what you're going to do is that you're going to have your campaigns running for Black Friday.

I would prefer if you don't start them on Friday but start them on Monday or Tuesday as a pre-Black Friday. Keep them up to Monday with a general copy that would apply both for Black Friday and Cyber Monday. at least this is my suggestion and then you do take that and you just close your Black Friday campaigns.

You keep the other campaigns that you had that they have been fueled with so much data from Black Friday because don't forget they don't have the copy of Black Friday but people go to the site and they buy with the offer still. So they are being flooded with a lot of data and all of this data is helping it a lot in order to keep getting more sales, more sales, more sales and more data which is what you're going to keep after Black Friday so that all of this effort is not just going to be a firework. You will just have also some campaigns that they help you scale and then you try to see what is happening and try to see if you can scale down a little bit or if you want to maintain it until January that's going to start picking up again.

And of course you can do another promotion after that for Christmas so from the first up to the 20 or 21 depends on when you want to send, when you are able to send the product and how long it's going to reach the people because people want to receive everything before the 25 so that they can give it for presents. Next one. Hey Kostantinos, I seem to have to restart my campaigns every month.

Is that normal? No, it's not. You should not do that.

Usually after 30 days my conversion rates go down significantly. No, it's just that you have seen the effect of September and no, you should be more patient and you should keep them because if you do that all the time you will never scale. Okay and sometimes if you do that you're going to pay the price super heavily because you might end up launching them in a very bad period where everybody's launching a new ads.

So you should be more patient, you should keep them and just because we have the relances it doesn't mean... By the way relances also prove the concept of hot pockets because why is relancing working then? So we have a campaign stop working and then you relance it and it's working.

Why? Why? Why if it depleted all the audience that it should go there?

It's working with some other people and it's forming another hot pocket. Anyway, don't abuse the relancing, okay? Okay, after 30 days it's not abusing, okay?

But try to be a little bit more stable in what you're doing to your ad accounts or you will always be a victim of these bad periods that results are not working. Next one. So good to have you back.

Thank you. Some people told me that if they are running Advanced Plus with catalogs they are seeing higher CPMs on their ad account. Are you seeing this?

No, I'm not seeing higher CPMs when I'm running Advanced Plus with catalogs but what I'm seeing when I'm running Advanced Plus with catalogs is that they are taking all of the budget. So you have to be careful when you're grouping them together with other creatives because you have images that they have to be alone because videos are going to steal all the budget if you put them together. You have videos that you have to put alone and you have catalogs that you have to put alone.

If you put a catalog with an image creative ad or with another video ad, most probably it's going to take all of the budget and this is problematic because you are not testing efficiently the other ads. So catalogs they have to be used alone and they're working flawlessly especially with small budget guys. Catalogs is a very safe bet for small budget and it's working very well.

So use them, just don't use them with other creators because every time they will take all of the budget. Next we have an email that I received from my friend Jordan. I wanted to read you this.

Dear Kostantinos, I'm actually super touched that he's writing Kostantinos not with a K but with a C. Just so that you can understand, Kostantinos with a K is how we write it. With C it's coming from Kostantinopoul, okay.

So Kostantinopoul, which is now named Istanbul but we don't say it Istanbul, we will always say it Kostantinopoul. It's the capital from the Byzantine era and the Emperor Kostantinos was the one who founded the city. This is how it was called Kostantinopoul, okay.

So my name is actually ancient. It's coming from the Byzantine era and the thing is that writing it like this it's a little bit of nostalgia for us but we write it with K, okay. Just so you know.

It's Jordan. Hi Jordan. I'll come back to you, give you some news.

Thanks to your training I was able to stabilize my brand. Jordan by the way is one of the people that he's inside the course. I have talked with him several times.

He's a super lovely guy and funny also. I also managed to pull off a beautiful suit and create a full-size variation of he's selling a bathroom rug. Significantly increasing margins.

I also asked him if I can say this to the podcast and he said okay. Increasing margins while keeping a super happy customer. Since January I have had a turnover of 432k for a profit of 220.

Well done. Well done Jordan my friend. I started training on he doesn't say much, he wants to say much which allowed me to generate 380k in turnover to date.

This email is simply to thank you for sharing your experience and expertise in media buying. I am certain that without it I would have never been able to develop my brand as much as I did. I'm only on the French market I also developed Google Ads.

By the way it's so wrong you know what he says because okay I just believe that if I helped him I helped him just two percent. He was meant to do all of that. okay.

All of the things that he has done. He hasn't done it just because Costantino sold him Facebook ads okay. He has done it because he has done all the other things to his business and stuff and then Costantino's influenced two percent of his success more okay.

But the 98 percent it's his okay and what he has done. I had a very good income in August which was my best month with great stability this summer strangely. No it's not strangely it was like this for everyone.

Again September is off to a great start but things have gone south over the last three days. I have never had a single day of loss since the start of the year and before yesterday only 20 dollars in profit and today I must be losing 300 400 or half of the advertising budget. I told him the same things that he should stay like this so that he's not going to lose all his progress and that this is very typical and it happens from time to time.

What is strange is that the results are deteriorating on both Google ads and Meta. Of course because Meta is the platform that is driving your Google ads sales just so you know that and whoever is doing Google ads and he is actually annoyed by that I don't give a f*** because what is happening is that with Meta ads and the ads that we are running when I'm scaling suddenly the Google ads are also scaling and they are doing well and the truth is that Facebook ads are helping enormously the Google ads and it makes total sense for this kind of products and the opposite guys okay because if I'm selling something that people are looking for on Google and Google is doing well then I'm also doing well so it makes total sense. When you increase your budget on Meta most probably you increase your budgets also on Google.

I would like to know if this specific to France. No it's not. I reduced the budget for some campaigns cut off ads that didn't work in Advance Plus to leave only the best ones.

I would strongly disagree with that. I would think that you should keep it as it is because you have the luxury of doing it. There are other people that when we go to the bad phases they have to kill everything.

But you have the luxury of leaving it even losing some money on the process but maintaining your position for the future. And following that the worst day of the year today I don't know if this is the right thing. I've cut back a little over that last three days.

In August I also tested to avoid reducing the budget by not optimizing ads on PurposeTC and the results was... you see. He says in August I also tested to avoid reducing the budget by not optimizing ads on PurposeTC and the results is the best month of the year by not touching anything for two three weeks.

What I told you. Okay every time I touch the campaign budget to lower it by cutting ads I have the impression that this disrupts the algorithm that it takes time to recover. So after you have a campaign and you optimize it in the first seven, eight, nine, ten days and it optimized then you should leave it.

Then you should not touch it anymore. The whole optimization that we are teaching on the channel is about the first days and it's not about the rest. Do you have an opinion about this?

I'm also going to do a new shoot, a new creative for scaling and also release a magnificent range of luxury bath towels. I would like to develop Germany, the Netherlands and the US. I think that at this level I would need your expertise really to scale.

Over here we're going to hide his brand. Okay because I don't want it to be shown. Here's the current site and we will hide also the site.

I would love to be able to work with you one day. Please let me know how this might work and if a small developing brand like mine might be of interest to you. Of course and we talked with Jordan and stuff and most probably we're going to work in the future.

Please don't forget to hide his brand. I don't want to for dropshippers to start stealing all of his products. Next one.

Hi, I have a question about the CTR but you see that other people, by the way, they are also mentioning the things that they say. It's pure observation guys. Okay, you don't need to have 20 accounts or 30 accounts in order to see and just observe the things that I'm saying.

Hi, I have a question about CTR. We have campaigns with high CTRs above 2% mainly. We have between 1% to 2%.

One campaign has an average CTR around 0.8%. Should we always try to get the best CTR as possible with creative testing? What is your experience with your clients?

How are the CTRs in average and how important is the CTR for you? Are you good selling accounts always have a good CTR? If yes, what percentage?

So, I like to watch CTR in order to understand if a creative is good or bad, mostly for that, but it doesn't mean necessarily that this goes along with return on ad spend. You might have a bad CTRs, I have seen it, and have a good ROAS. Of course, the best thing is to have good CTRs and good ROAS.

That means that the ROAS that you have is because of the creative that you have. That being said, I must say that CTR is something that I'm watching on the first days and after that I'm not even watching it a lot because maybe the ad is going to optimize into an audience and that doesn't mean that necessarily it's going to come with good CTR. Maybe it's going to decrease, maybe it's going to decrease, but at the end of the day you need to watch the return aspect.

CTR is very good in order for you to evaluate if a creative is good or bad and if you want to have a good CTR, I would consider something between 2 and 3. A lot of times we see CTRs between 1 and 2% which is acceptable. Below 1% it's very low to be honest with you and rarely you will see ads working with it, but I have seen it also.

And then there are the cases that you have 5% and 6% but this necessarily also on the other hand doesn't mean that you are going to have good ROAS. So these are good metrics in order to evaluate creatives and stuff, but it doesn't mean that they're going to be the ones that are going to decide how much you're going to make. Thank you for all your videos brother, thank you.

Just to inform you that it really helps a lot, thanks. Especially your paid masterclass, thank you. Ah, it's Armando.

I just wanted to ask about the pixel and API. Would you suggest to use the same pixel or API across ad accounts or different pixel API in each different, in each ad account for the same product? Thank you.

If it's the same product, I would use the same pixel. If it's the same product in different countries, depending on how much you want to scale and what you want to do, the operations that you want to have, I would use different ones. The demographics for a United States pixel selling one product are different from the demographics from a Euro pixel.

So what I would like you to do is to decide how far you want to go with that and then do it like this. But even if you use the same with the same pixel and everything, that would be okay. Okay.

Let's go. We have three more questions. Hello, I hope you enjoyed your trip in Ireland.

I did and it was nice. I smoked a lot of cigars. I drink a lot of whiskey.

It was raining and I learned nothing new about Facebook ads. Okay, so it was fine. But I learned a lot about how they are working.

I'm looking forward to the video of... Maybe how does he know? I never mentioned it.

I think I messaged it in one comment. I don't know if this was the person that I did mention in the comment or anyway. I'm looking forward to the video of what people on Facebook told you about.

Yeah, you will wait. the last one. Once again, I want to thank you for the simplistic humility professionalism.

The productivity. Guys, the amount of love that I'm getting from the comments is is uncomparable with which you make this video extraordinary. I want to be sure.

Thank you, bro. I wanted to ask you about this video. This new way of selling Advanced Plus on Facebook doesn't appear to me yet.

If you don't have only Advanced Plus and the traditional one appear to me. He's referring to a video that I made about tailor-made campaigns. It's good that it doesn't appear to you.

It doesn't appear to all other accounts just in some and to be honest with you, it sucks because it doesn't even let you to do more ads like the Advanced Plus. If it's traditional to sell, I understand that while the pixel heats up, you recommend using detailed segmentation. Putting how many segmentations.

I have multi-brand clothing store in Portugal with Levi's, Calvin's, Skechers and stuff. Should I first use the segmentation of who likes and follows these brands to sell? To be honest with you, since you are operating like a marketplace for brands, I would strongly use catalogs.

Catalogs are working very well with marketplaces and of course catalog with Advanced Plus is working very well. Or plays for example, sweaters, polos, shirts, t-shirts, sports shows. Yeah, this is another way to do catalogs with product sets and also have them there.

How many people do you need to reach for the pixel to have chance to work? You are having famous brands, so broad targeting immediately. It's something that should work if you have proper prices and the proper landing page.

This is taking into account that the Portuguese market is only 11 million people. This is why you should go abroad with Advanced Plus. I also wanted to thank you for your kindly exposure valuable time.

Forgive my and my intrusion but my wife and I desperate to sell. We are in a delicate situation and a big strong hug. A hug from me also.

I hope that you will find the way. Just start doing Advanced Plus campaigns with your best sellers in this branch and with catalogs but not in the same campaign, in different campaigns. Hi Konstantinos, thank you so much for creating your channel and releasing podcasts.

I listen every week and it has helped my business. Thank you. I have a question for you regarding Facebook sales vs Instagram sales.

Over the last 12 months I've generated 346 orders on Instagram vs 4141 on Facebook. Before I ever read that, I know that he is selling to older people because when you see such a different thing, you know that when somebody sells more to Facebook he has an older audience. We know that when someone sells more to Instagram he has a younger audience.

To me that seems like a massive gap. No, it doesn't. Have you seen other businesses with similar gaps?

Yeah and most of the time because you're, to be honest with you, you are blessed. You just don't know it. Selling to older people is the epitome of marketing and you have to be blessed and you have to like it because it's so much easier to sell to them.

You don't have to focus so much on creative, on branding and stuff. It's much more easier to sell to older people, comparing to selling to people on Instagram which are younger people. And so it's not a gap.

You just have to understand that your audience exists more on Facebook. Do you have any advice for me to dramatically increase my Instagram sales? I run auto placements on my edge.

You should continue to run automatic placements. Business overview. My company creates films, books and other original products themes around Israel.

Our audience are Christians and Jews. Typically, age demo is 40+. Makes total sense.

These people are not on Instagram. They are on Facebook and you should be happy with that because I have other brands that they sell 80-90% of their sales on Facebook and it's working flawlessly. It's just about understanding understanding all of that.

And then it says thank you sir, David and his last name. By the way, this is a post on my video so I could say his last name but anyway. Yeah, don't hide it.

It's a post. The other one was a male so please hide his. I don't want him, I don't want dropshippers to just copy him.

Okay, we have five more, ten more minutes I guess maximum before I go to the call with MetaRF. So let's do this fast. Last question.

Hi, Konstantinos. Thank you again for the great video. I need your feedback on my advantage plus campaigns.

I ran two advantage plus campaigns. Advance plus one used to give me ROAS 4. However, it started performing low when I started advantage plus 2 after 15 days of starting advantage plus 1.

Creatives are different in both campaigns. For past four days ROAS for Advance Plus 1 came to 0.49 so I decided to stop the campaign. Again, we have the effect of September.

Advance Plus 2 is performing now at 4.54 ROAS. My question is how can I go further? Should I duplicate Advance Plus and try again?

Your advice. Yeah, this is what I would do. I would keep the second Advance Plus campaign, duplicate the first one in order to re-optimize it.

Especially, this is also another important thing about relunches. Because right now we go in the last two days for a good period. So if you relunch it, most probably you will start optimizing in a good period.

Which means that it's good. I'm not saying that you should keep it after going to 0.49 but the way that it behaves here, it shows me another account which has a new pixel which is not stable yet. The thing that I'm proposing for other campaigns, for other accounts that you should keep it, is for accounts that they are strong enough and they have a strong pixel and stuff.

They have stable results for a very long period and this is where I'm referring of keeping them. If you have a new pixel and everything, of course it's going to be problematic for you to do it like this and you have to do these relunches. But don't expect it to work immediately.

It's going to work when it's going to work for everyone else. This is what I would do. I would keep the second campaign.

I would relunch the first one in order to see if I can optimize it all over again. Last thing it's our Freelancer Diaries. I have a very good one.

So this guy here, he says, managing Facebook ad campaigns, managing multiple ad accounts and product types, managing Facebook support follow-ups for all ad accounts. Schedule Pacific. And then he says, Monday 5am 50 minutes checks and activate, 9am 50 minutes checks and activate, 12pm 50 minutes checks.

One hour total. So he's programming how many minutes you are going to work in which specific hours. And the way that he is doing it, he has Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday.

So seven days because this is what he wants to pay you. He wants to pay you seven hours for 50 minutes on all of these hours. Now, does it make any sense to just say to someone, this is how you are going to work in these minutes and so on.

Let me tell you a story before I close this nice podcast, which I hope that we solved a lot of your, we answered to a lot of your questions and talked a little bit about some interesting stuff. The last job that I ever had, I had an abusive, most probably whoever wrote my book, read my book and knows about that. I had an abusive boss that was telling me all the kind of bull****.

By the way, when I told him that I'm going to stop, he took five people to replace me. Because I was doing all of these things, I was working my ass and everything, the same way that I work for my own business, but I was working for him. And one day he comes to me and he tells me, can you pass this one name to an Excel worksheet?

I pass it and he says, okay, this took you five seconds. So these are 5000 names multiplied with five seconds. You need that many seconds.

I want it then. I told him, look, close the door. I want to tell you something.

And he says, okay, what? I told him I'm going to stop because you're an a**hole. Okay, I didn't call him an a**hole because he was very fat and tall and most probably I couldn't tell him that in that way.

But I told him that, look, it cannot work like this. You cannot hire someone to just work for 50 minutes here and there and there and there because basically you are booking them for the whole day for specific hours of the day to work like this. So it's not about the hours that they do.

It's about the other things that they are not going to do because they are booking this schedule for you also. And the second thing is that here we're talking about a person that is going to work for you. For my employees, for example, have I ever micromanaged you when you're going to work?

Say no. Okay, guys, that's it. I will have to go in one minute.

I have the call with with the MetaReps, not the reps, with the engineer guy, which I have some questions to ask and I hope that I will have some other things to say in future videos and maybe in the next podcast. I will see you then, guys. Have a nice day and I will be waiting your next questions.

This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is! or not, I will be waiting for you this.

For yourrr? Because whatever. Do find such apron the same hecho and the office regret it that had to delay after you run the mechanical medicines and thrust the reverse heat you so Shah, try?

There's a metaphor for that we have. That answer your hopes and love LOBC episode , so much so I will try to actually let it strick it up. And you know, makes amazingabile the one of the memories that are traditional telefonoxynast 64-S70 countries and soft slippages.