Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hi guys, this is Podcast 82. Apparently this week has been difficult for me because I was sick.

As you can see in the print screen on the thumbnail, I was with 39 K fever. So I would like to talk a little bit about determination, consistency and stuff and I think it's also a good timing to show you the plug for the 100k subs, which I really thank you for because I hit this important milestone for me because when I started the YouTube channel, you know, it was one of the milestones that I wanted to have and an achievement. Sorry if my voice is strange or whatever, I'm drinking tea over here.

Trying to actually be able to do one hour straight without any issues. And I hope that we're going to succeed that. Now, I would like to show you what it has, tell you a little bit about the experience with it and then we can jump to tell you what happened this week and how is the life of a freelancer.

So if you pick to choose this job, you have to know what you're expecting from it. I'm going to lift this up and I lift it up before so hide it because they might see my address info and they don't want that. So it comes to this black package basically.

And this is it. I'm going to take everything outside so that I can actually show you and read you what it has. Yeah, it has also that.

There it is. Okay, cool. So first of all, let's talk about the actual piece.

It has a little bit from the side here so that you can hang it. It is a mirror, basically this. So when you hit the 100k subs, they actually after some days or I don't know how long, they do send you a code that you can go and you can redeem to a website.

It's going to appear into your data studio basically. And you're going to be able to go there and actually, you know, fulfill with that code the order. They actually tell you that here it says presented to Konstantinos Riearidis for passing 100k subscribers YouTube.

It looks nice from the distance. It's not something, you know, really unique or expensive. This is plastic.

And I expected it to be a little bit like this, you know, not so small. Most probably I'm going to put it there on the side next to the neon sign and we will find it a better place in the new studio at the end of 2025 when it's going to be completed and because it's, you know, it's a new studio and we built it from scratch. So the other thing that I have to say is that, you know, it's really nice when you get it because, you know, you feel like you achieved something, but for sure it wouldn't have happened without you.

So thank you very much for that. Other than that, the package is nothing crazy. We have here one thing that says, Congratulations on your subscriber milestone.

We are honored to take part in recognizing your achievement and want your experience to be exceptional. This award was inspected and packaged by Great Care by Rik. This is a week.

If your award was damaged during shipping or if you have any questions, please contact us at blah blah blah this and stuff. So this is a card and we have one thing that says recognize your team. Share the recognition by allowing your team to purchase a personalized creator award.

So basically they give you the option to give a code so that the team, my video editors, for example, to go and buy it. I don't know how much it costs. And then there's a letter which is coming in a good paper.

So it says, Do you remember your first subscriber? I do. You're 100th?

No. You're 1000th? No.

Chances are you do? No, I'm not. Remember my 100th or 1001.

And we know that you'll definitely remember your 100,000th subscriber. I don't know who is my 100,000th subscriber. Your fans may have found you while searching YouTube, learned a lot about you through a friend or maybe you showed up as a recommended video.

No matter how they came to your channel, your audience stayed and their numbers increased because of you and the community you've built. Community you've built. We're proud to honor your impressive milestone of reaching 100,000 subscribers with the Silver Creator Award.

Congratulations. We know that you have many more stories to share with your community. And we know your fans can wait for you to amaze them even more with your commitment and creativity.

So keep creating, keep building. We can't wait to see what you'll do next. And we're here to support you along the way.

And who knows, when you reach the millionth subscriber, we may write to you and ask, Do you remember your 100,000th subscriber? Sincerely, Neil Mohan, YouTube CEO. I didn't even know that this was the CEO.

Anyway, so it's a fun thing. I'm really happy that I managed to actually achieve it. And thank you very much again for all of that.

It's a good feat of, you know, accomplishment. And I'm really happy that I was able to do it. At that point, I would like to say that I wouldn't be able to do all of that without me, my video editors that were here since day one, Sotiria and Alkistis, which helped me a lot to that.

Now, before we go to some small news and then to all of your questions, basically, we're going to talk a little bit about AOV. And I have some questions over here. There are more than, let's say, 20 or between 20 and 30 questions that we're going to reply.

Let me tell you this. So this is going to, I hope that this is going to inspire you in a way of understanding how people like me behave. And that I do believe that when we're achieving something, it's not because of luck, as people believe, but it's because of dedication in most of the time.

So I'm seeing all of this younger generation. I'm 37 right now and I can say younger generation. Yeah, I know it's sad.

I also understand it. But yes, the younger generation that just they want, they really want to make money, but they want to make money fast. Their whole dream is that they will buy a Lambo in a month or another supercar and they will make money super fast.

That's why they do crypto without working a lot, because it's going to be the meme coin that's going to make them rich and all of that. So I just don't get it from the point of them believing that. On the other hand, I see always people on the internet actually advertising that this is how it's being done and whoever is working a lot is just stupid.

Let me tell you how it actually went with me. So I was working my 9 to 5 job and every single day I was actually going back to home. If you have read my book, most probably you know all of that.

I was going back to home. I was parking in just one hour and then after that point I was working up to three o'clock at the night and then I was waking up again after sleeping six hours, which was enough to go again to work my 9 to 5 and all of that. For one and a half year while I was making on the side of my other job that I was doing on the side as a freelancer 10k, I was afraid because I had the mindset that I couldn't leave my job because what I'm doing as a freelancer is not a certain job like the other one is a certain job which was giving me 900 euros at that point.

So I was thinking like this and I wasn't thinking that I was making the money of of a whole year of my other job in just one month and I wasn't ready yet in my mentality to leave it. So then I took a decision which was a really good decision after all, which was I want to stop and quit my 9 to 5 job so that I can work all day to my other job. That was my way of thinking and that's why I'm telling you about consistency and about all of that.

I do believe in consistency. For example, it annoys me that we didn't do podcast for two months, but my employees they had to take their vacation. It's impossible to just do the whole year.

I'm hiring another video editor for this reason to be better and because I want to do the course next year. But still, I want to be consistent with all of these things. So my whole mindset was that I want to quit my 9 to 5 job in order to work more.

Okay. And I kept it and I'm pretty consistent also with YouTube, with my clients and all of that. And this is scaling and scaling every year more and more and more.

And it's going to scale more. I'm sure of that. So how do I end up managing 40 accounts?

I work all day, guys. If you think that I'm just a person that is just doing some videos, some content, and then my friends actually tell me how the do you manage it? I'm very good at managing my time.

I'm very good. I'm charging a lot in several cases so that, for example, my consulting call is 250 per hour. I don't think it's a lot.

But still, it filters because if I put it on 50, for example, per hour, I wouldn't be able to do anything else rather than consulting calls. My mentorship is 10k per month, but I take only five people because of that. It's some things, you know, that you have to raise your prices, or even my management on other accounts.

So, for example, I have a minimum fee of 2k per month, depending on the spend. While this minimum fee used to be 1.5k back in the day. But now, because of more people asking, it's actually higher.

Some people would say that 2k is not a lot, but I'm talking about... I like the challenge, you know. If I like the project and someone is spending 6k or 10k or 15k, I would take this project for 2k to 2.5k, for example, as a fee.

The way that I see it is that I have some cooperations with people for many years that they have started from 10k, 20k. The case studies that I have showed you, they started with 20k, they started with 20k. And now these are some of my most expensive contracts that pay me a lot of money.

So, the way that I see it is that from my end, I'm doing my part of actually working my ass off on all of that in order to maintain it. And yes, of course, I'm making good money and all of that. But this is irrelevant to the fact that I'm not doing it for the money.

I'm doing it because I want to. Okay? So, if you're young, if you're watching this video, don't believe in anyone telling you that you can just make money in a very easy way and stuff.

If you're willing to work a lot and to put a lot of effort to it, and you're consistent with it, you don't just do it for a month and then you just abandon it. If you do it like this, there is no way that you're going to be unsuccessful to it. And yes, you're going to make a lot of money.

Three days ago, I had a fever of 39, you know, and stuff. Even with fever, I was working, you know, and is it good? No, it's bad.

Maybe I'm stupid, you know, maybe I was making myself worse and I would have recovered earlier. Who knows? But I was still working.

Then I was taking my breaks to feel better and stuff. And then again and again, I have to, you know, there's no other way when you have such a big expense in your hands and you have to watch the ad accounts daily. So, the things that I'm telling you, I want you to know that I'm doing them.

Okay? If I'm telling you that I'm watching the ads every day on the last seven days, and this is something that I'm doing with my ad accounts also. So, believe me and understand that if you want to make money as a freelancer, if you're a freelancer or business owner, even an e-commerce store owner, and you want to make money, the only way for you is to work your ass off.

And if you think that you can just put other people to work for you on that, no, it's not going to work. You have to be the one that you are working more than everyone else. And if it's possible, work double the amount of your employees.

And this is what is going to make you successful. I'm not saying that there are not going to be cases of people, maybe they're extremely smart or maybe they're extremely lucky, it doesn't matter, that they're going to make money without a lot of effort. But this is the way that I have cracked the code in order to be able to be, let's say, financially independent, how we call it, and do whatever I want, whenever I want, you know, without even thinking.

So that's the story. And I hope that it's going to help you understand that there's not easy money. And that even if you make easy money for one month, it's not going to be sustainable.

And later on, you're going to lose it all in your other efforts and stuff. If you learn to work like this, with this work ethic and like this, I think you're going to be super successful. But I know that on the other hand, all the new generation is being trained by all of these gurus that you should not work a lot or you should take the easy way of OnlyFans or you should take the easy way of crypto or you should take the easy way of Forex in order to make money fast or drop shipping in a stupid way because there are serious ways of doing drop shipping so that you can make money fast and they sell you this dream of making money fast.

Even if you make 10k, you're going to lose it in your stupid things that you want to do. It's not going to make you rich. Okay, the consistency and being able to actually generate money all the time is going to make you rich.

Okay, I can sometimes I'm waking up earlier now with a baby. And if I just wake up, I have an email from someone for example, I can instantly make 250 euros just for my consulting call, because I just woke up earlier for they have two more hours to work. So I'm just exploiting that.

If you manage to be able to just make money all the time from from your knowledge that you're going to have or from your expertise on something, then everything is going to be fine for you and your whole life. And then maybe yes, you're going to work less because your skill of expertise, it's going to be the thing that's going to save you hours of work because you're going to be faster, you're going to need to research less, you're going to have your experience and you won't have to work extra hours in order to cover your inexperiencing things. I have seen this for example with other businesses like Airbnb's that I'm investing and I have because I didn't know I was losing a lot of hours in learning things that I didn't like.

But there were people that they were lying to me on the industry and stuff. And this didn't help me at all. So, you know, because I thought this is why I'm telling you that even if you hire people and you give them good amount of money, it doesn't mean that they're going to do it successfully.

So if you don't control things, then you have a problem. So if you're starting, for example, a dropshipping business and you want to delegate all the jobs to someone else or to Filipinos, most probably you're going to fail. Okay, that's all.

Anyway, I'm feeling better and I hope that I'm not going to have any more fever by the end of the year because we have a lot of work to do with Black Friday. Most probably, the next episode is going to be about the Black Friday strategy since we are there October so that you will know. Yeah, and we'll make it like this.

Now, there's a new AOV metric which is coming to Meta. It's called Average Purchases Conversion Value and it's going to be available. Back in the day, we used to do the AOV, by the way, is really important because it helps us with ROAS and we have better ROAS, you know.

If you're going, for example, to a website with a cost per pesos of 30 and you're buying something for 60 or 90 or 180, as you can understand, it can influence a lot if your ads are profitable or not. And a lot of times we talk to owners and we tell them that you have to fix your AOV and all of that in order to make it better because your numbers are healthy within the ads manager but they're not healthy in the either conversion rate of the website or when they convert, they don't buy a lot. So they do bundles, buy two, get one and stuff like that in order to increase the AOV.

Back in the day, we used to do this as a cost per metric in order to actually do it. What is an AOV? Average Order Value.

So basically, you do the amount of the orders. So if someone bought something for 100, divide it or maybe the whole revenue that you had in a day, for example, divide it with the number of purchases and then you get the AOV, the Average Order Value of each one of these orders. Now we're going to have this Average Purchase Conversion Value and we are going to be able to use it in our columns so that we can know if this is a problem that needs to be addressed and fixed.

This week, the results. The results are not bad but we had some problems on Sunday. There has been reported that a lot of ad accounts were having issues with the daily spend getting lowered from something crazy, like from 15k to 1k per day.

So to be honest with you, these are things that people send to me. They send also to the Inner Circle, so I believe it's actually true. But I haven't had it on any of my ad accounts and had issues.

Most of the times, they were dropshipping ad accounts and yeah, I think that we had an issue there that has been resolved. I don't know how much it has impacted that account because as I told you, I haven't seen it on my ad accounts, but in total on my ad accounts, I'm doing still fine. Not very good, but fine.

Medium results. No, I would say that they also improve a little bit. Now, before we go to the questions, there are a lot of rejected ads right now in this period, as we said in the previous podcast also, because there is a new review system of rejected ads and they have new AI features that right now they are testing things.

So be careful of what you are posting. If you are having in your ad accounts several rejections, try to limit the amount of your post-it ads because you might be risking of getting flagged or something like that. And don't tell me that I didn't warn you about it.

Okay? So let's go to your questions. It says here, I get your point about adding new creatives to Advanced Plus campaigns.

Basically, my point about adding new creatives to Advanced Plus campaigns, Advanced Plus campaigns means advanced shopping campaigns, is that the only way that I see doing it is that if you have an advanced shopping campaign working with several creatives to it, basically it has formed a hot pocket, okay, of the angle that you are advertising with the creatives. The only way for you to add new creatives there, it has to be creatives that they have the same angle so that you are not going to have a different hot pocket. For example, if you have, let's say that you sell dog food, okay, but you are a pet store and you sell also cat food.

So, if you have an Advanced Plus and you are selling creatives with the dog food, you have formed a hot pocket of dog owners and then you go and you remove these ads and you put ads of cat food. So, if you are selling a hot pocket, this is a little bit stupid because then from this hot pocket, it's going to target only the people, the hot pocket has already been being formed, okay. So, it's going to target only the people who have dogs and cats, basically.

So, you are limiting yourself. So, yeah, that's the only way and because we like to keep our campaigns, because we work with multiple campaigns in this channel. If you are having a campaign which is operating for five, six, seven, eight months and basically this campaign is actually dying, if you cannot find a way of actually saving it, maybe this is a way for you instead of losing it to just do creatives which are similar to the angle that you are using so that you can actually save it.

So, it says, my question is really based around what is the best way to switch the focus of the amount to a specific event, such as Black Friday sale that starts suddenly. Yeah, this is the kind of bull**** that meta reps are saying about you have an advantage plus, close your old creatives, toss inside Black Friday creatives and then close the Black Friday creatives and turn on all the ads. It could work because if you think of it, basically Black Friday can just go and, you know, for every single angle, it can be a fit.

But I wouldn't do it because what's the point? The whole point here is to have every campaign that are going to get boosted by Black Friday results. And then, you have also your Black Friday ads, which are their own ads that you start earlier, not on Friday.

You start them one week or two weeks earlier to that and then you scale them aggressively because you don't care about what is going to happen with them. And you can close them after Cyber Monday. So, it says, if we build up to spending 1,500 a day on various Advance Plus campaigns, for example, five with 300 campaigns, but want to keep that spend going and slowly increase further when the sale turns on.

Should I start new Advance Plus campaigns on similar budgets or add sale creatives on the current campaigns? I already explained. Obviously, we can test Black Friday creatives until the sale is live.

I don't want... Yeah, but you can do pre-Black Friday. Have you ever noticed that there are people that are doing before Black Friday?

They don't open their ads on Black Friday. They opened it before and they say pre-Black Friday sale. I've seen companies doing pre-Black Friday since the start of September.

I don't want to... I don't want the account to be thrown off by too many new campaigns or too high budgets. So, you shouldn't be worried about the high budgets because in Black Friday, it's going to be absorbed.

And by the way that I'm telling you, by keeping your Evergreen campaigns without touching them, and just controlling the spend and the ROAS with the promotion campaigns, you're going to be able to control that without actually derailing. Okay? Because the extra campaigns that you're going to do with the promos, it's campaigns that you can play up and down in a really aggressive way.

Okay? Another way to do that is to have a cost cap, an ABO cost cap campaign. So, whenever you create, if cost caps are working on your ad account.

So, whenever you... I'm having one ad account which has this kind of structure and maybe I'm going to make a video of the Black Friday to show you this, but the cost caps need to work in your ad account in order to do it. It's actually a new project that that I had which is actually working with cost caps that you can increase and decrease pretty aggressively on promos so that you can scale really a lot when you see good things on the ad account.

And then it says, I don't want the account to be thrown off by too many new campaigns or too high budgets. The new campaigns, by the way, that you're referring to with the promos are going to be closed after Cyber Monday. So, is it best to use the current campaign or risk it?

I hope that makes sense. You are risking by using the current campaigns and changing the creatives, not by doing extra campaigns. By doing extra campaigns, you're not risking at all because you can close them and keep the other ones.

I hope that makes sense. That's what I'm your advice on the credit channel. Thank you very much.

Very good question, by the way, and I hope that I replied properly. Hello, Constantinos. Your example was really good since it was presented from day one.

Very useful to understand things better. One question. You were spending, let's say, 250 for your first campaign and you started the second one.

How much money did you put on the first day of beginning the second campaign? Did you double the money? Same as the first campaign or splitting money between them?

Thanks in advance. So, basically, he's talking about my last video about the daily loop theory where I'm showing one account that I was getting four sales per day with 200 or 300 spent, I believe. I was getting four sales and then I'm showing in the ad account at the moment that I did another campaign with exactly the same budget.

So, basically, I scaled. So, the one campaign has 250, the other campaign had 250. Basically, what happened is that it was giving me three sales to one, one sale to the other.

So, again, four sales in total, but three, one, two, two, two, two, one, sometimes three sales. And all of that was happening. It was like Facebook was saying, okay, I will take your money, but I will give you the same amount of sales.

Basically, this is what happened. Yes, it was the same budget and it was clearly the fact that I was using the same creatives. Okay, I didn't do it on purpose.

I, you know, sometimes you need to do this kind of things, you know, maybe even with the same creatives, it can scale more. Okay. But yeah, that was the case with this one and this is why it didn't work.

After we changed to other creatives, it actually scaled a little bit more with profitability. Wondering if you usually see higher CPMs for interest as well. With broad, I get around 90, with interest up to 140.

So, it can happen to see higher CPMs to interest when your pixel is actually trained. But here, I'm really worried for the CPMs that I'm seeing 90 and 140 because it means that your broad is getting better CPMs. Either you're doing a very bad interest targeting or with this broad targeting, it means that your pixel understands better how to target after having some data.

But still, these are unacceptable numbers and I don't feel like you're going to be, unless if you're selling something really expensive, like a course for 2k. I don't think that these are numbers which are normal. I think you need to keep trying to find something which is going to be cheaper in terms of CPMs and in order to do that, you need to keep testing.

Next one. Hi, Konstantinos. I've launched a new campaign in the UK, a new product, a new pixel, completely broad.

After 100 spend, I'm at 25% profit margin. Okay. But my CPM is very high, 52 in the UK.

It is high. And the cost per link click is around 2. To continue further reducing the CPM and CPC, which approach would you recommend.

The creatives can really help you lowering and your CPM and your cost per click. Test new creatives and continue working on a broad audience. Take current creatives and narrow targeting tweeters and lookalikes.

Many thanks. So, both of the things that you are proposing here are things that I would do. The most cost efficient is to try at the same time to do interest targeting and lookalikes to see if you will get lower CPM, just to understand in which training phase is your pixel.

You know, if it's trained enough to just have better CPM with broad. If you see that you're failing with interest and lookalike to have lower CPM, go to broad and other creatives in order to try to get lower. Okay.

Next one. If there is optimization happening on the ad and asset level. Is it worth duplicating the same creatives on the asset level?

If there is optimization happening on the ad and asset level. On the ad level, we do optimization on advanced plus shopping campaigns because it's an ABO and on asset level we do on CBO campaigns. Is it worth duplicating the same creatives on the ad level?

What the f*** does you mean? Is it worth duplicating the same creatives on the ad level? You're referring to the crazy method then, I guess, and we do that all the time.

I know what else to tell you. I don't know why I have picked it also to feature it. Anyway.

Hi, I have a question. Would you lower budget every time you close an ad? Okay.

Pretty decent question. So, whenever we're doing optimization with, on the advanced shopping campaigns or the CBOs, mostly on the CBOs, when we want to stop the optimization process, we're going to lower the budget. For example, let's say that out of the six ad set, we have two left and instead of 200, these two, not two left, we have two profitable.

And let's say a scenario, for example. Okay. Let's talk about the scenario over here.

Just understand it. So, let's say, for example, that we have a 200 spend and we have on this one, we have six ad sets. Okay.

So, we have one, two, three, four, five, six. In the first two, three days, we close the first two because they didn't work. And then we go after in the fourth, fifth day and we see that three and four are actually profitable and we have five and six which are not profitable.

All of them in total, they are spending 200. But in order for us to say, okay, I don't want to keep optimizing anymore. I'm just going to keep three and four.

I'm going to close five and six. And with that way, I'm going to lower also my budget 100. This is the point that you say, I don't want to optimize anymore.

That's it. There's only one more case that we're going to lower the budget over here. For example, let's say that we have again 200 spent.

Okay. And we have inside here six assets. One, two, three, four, five, six.

Okay. And over here, we are having, let's say that, yeah, let's say for example, that we are having five, five, six, six, five, four, and three. They are doing really bad.

And one and two, they're kind of doing medium. So let's say we close five, six, four, three after three, four days. And one and two are not doing really well.

Like let's say that we want two ROAS plus, they're doing 1.8. Okay. In that case, we're going to give them time to keep optimizing and we're going to lower the budget again.

Let's say now that there's another case that we do have left, for example, four assets. Okay. And we do want to continue optimizing, but we want to do it in a slower pace.

So we don't want to do it aggressively with the 200 because we lowered already to four assets, but we want to do it in a lower pace. So we lowered 150 or we lowered another budget. Or for example, we see that our leading ad, it's actually taking $100 spent, our leading asset, it's taking $100 spent.

And we have some others which are just taking the extra 100. We can lower our spend to 150 in order to see which one of the others is going to survive. There are several ways that you can use the lowering of the budget.

But I know that the previous example sounds a little bit unorthodox, but a lot of times when you have a leading ad, at the end of the day, the worst case scenario is that you're going to leave the leading ad with 100, by the way. So it's a safe bet. But by lowering the budget to 50, you're just pushing the best one of the other ones to actually give you some results.

And then you can close the others based on the one, two days, which you are going to see if it's taking budget or not, so that you can keep the second one with 50. All of these numbers are, you know, they're kind of numbers that I have on the top of my head, but you get my point, I hope. Okay.

So we lower when we want to stop the optimization, but also when we want to lower the speed of the process of optimization. Guys, that's all. My throat is hurting me like crazy.

So I will go rest and I will see you on the next one. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast, where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description.

This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is. This is the end of the podcast.