Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, Podcast 103, we are here again, it's March 2025, it's actually the month that I have my birthday, 29th of March is my birthday and the thing is that it started not so well with the campaigns but we're going to discuss about this soon. So, for today we do have a little bit of knowing what is happening right now with Facebook Ads and the results.

We're going to talk a little bit about high performance ads and if you can scale them, what is the theory behind them and everything. And of course we have several of your questions, if your question hasn't been featured into the free pod, you can always go and you can support this channel. You don't have to but if you want you can support by just going to the Patreon and becoming a member there so that you can be able to see all of the questions and the full podcast.

This is the 30 minutes, the free pod and there's another part inside the Patreon, which is your questions basically. Some of you, you're making it to the first pod, some of you, you are on the paid pod. Now, let's discuss a little bit about what are the results right now.

February wasn't a good month. Everybody's admitting that. At least the people that they're running ads because there are some people, I guess, on the internet, on Exxon or on other places.

Maybe they do it on purpose and they say that it doesn't matter blah blah or they're not running ads and they're just teaching. And to be honest with you, to my disappointment, these people are a lot and they go around in podcasts and they talk about it, about how they have only one client or about how they haven't been running ads and stuff. I get it to my, not surprise, but doing content at the same time.

That's why you see that I'm not super, that I'm not posting on Instagram. I'm not doing all this kind of stuff because I don't have the time. So I do get it.

If you want to do content and be active in all of the platforms, you cannot run accounts and do the sales calls with people that you're going to work with, manage the people that they're going to do campaigns, do the optimization, do the calls with the clients and all of that. As I said, I'm not an agency, I'm a freelancer, so I'm doing all of this kind of stuff. But this is why I do believe that there's an advantage that they have against them because they're not running campaigns and they're not super updated or they're saying things just because Meta is saying it and they're not testing them on their own.

So they're like the MetaRibs with a little bit more experience because they do consulting calls with people and they see stuff on their ad accounts. But still, they're not having ad accounts and they're being afraid of not getting fired and all of that. Even in agencies, they do have a pipeline of clients and they're just not caring about because they will get another one and another one and another one.

So they work like they have a system that it's being applied to all their accounts. So, to my disappointment, there are a lot of people out there that they're talking about results not being bad or whatever. But on the other hand, we have Reddit, which is the exact opposite.

All the people that they have failed with Facebook ads, not all, some people that have failed with Facebook ads, they go to Reddit and they cry about it and they find other people that they have failed. And they just saw an image of Facebook ads being catastrophic and nobody is making money with them, which is not the truth anyway. So, from my perspective, managing several accounts, I can tell you that the strong accounts did a little bit worse.

They didn't have any problems. But the medium to smaller accounts have been impacted and they didn't have good results. So, February wasn't a good month.

January wasn't a good month after the 15th. In the first 15 days, we were having really good results. March started slow.

There are some days that it's good, but still the previous weekend, for example, wasn't good at all. So, we're going to see how it's going to roll out and I hope that the extra people that they came to advertise in Meta and they think that they can make money, that they're going to lose their money and they're going to live so that all of us, the rest of us, we're going to make money. So, this is the situation right now.

We're not in a good spot right now with the Facebook ads. I don't see good results. In the next podcast, I'm going to discuss with you about the AAC crazy method because I have started doing some tests and we have also one comment over here that says it.

Basically, let's see it now. Why not? It says, thanks for your comments on my comments.

It was doing well, so I decided to try crazy method with just the video adsets which were making all the sales. On Wednesday, in a good market for me, results were so bad. I freaked out and closed it after one day.

Now, I don't know if it was the Instagram problem you mentioned. 90% of my sales come from Instagram or if crazy method for the new AAC doesn't work. I think I'll wait for you to test the crazy method on the new AAC now.

I'm scared of it. First of all, okay, you know that already, my friend, that testing something for even less than 24 hours in your case, in my opinion, you need to test something for 2-3 days to see at least if you can optimize it or not. It's not efficient.

As you said, you panicked, you closed it. Perfect. And then I'm telling him, okay, so I have to make all the hard work again and test everything.

He says, speaking of freaking out, I was doing great in the US after the new year. I put all my spend there. The results started collapsing in late February.

I left the market because I don't need to bother with the US for a digital product if it doesn't produce. I don't know what others have experienced, but as an American living abroad, I think the population is a little freaked out by what's happening. And they are spending on products like mine, which require one to have a belief they can start a new creative business venture.

At least my customers are acting that way. So this is a person that I was discussing in the comments. And then I told him that I will try it.

He said, but you have the budget and all of that to test and everything. So I said, okay, I'm the one. I was going to test it anyway.

So I'm the one who's going to test again the crazy method in the ASC. I have some good news and none is no bad news at all. It's working, but you have to understand that I'm testing things first in my good at accounts.

Because if something doesn't work in my good at account, I'm not going to test it at all in a bad at account. I'm doing the exact opposite from the things that I do in the bad at accounts. So if something is working on a good, there's no point of testing it.

If something doesn't work on a good at account, there's no point of testing it in a bad at account. I started with good at accounts. Crazy method ASC is working.

What am I referring as ASC is having a campaign which is having CBO, which is Advantage Plus Budget. Advantage Plus Placements, Automatic Placements and Advantage Plus Audience. Having that, there's a setting over there for switch.

You don't switch it. You just leave it broad, everything, broad, everything. And you just put your different creatives.

In this case, I put it six ads. All of them were the same and six adsets with 200. It worked really well.

I will keep you posted as I tested it in more ad accounts, but you have to understand that these changes on the ASCs is something that I'm not seeing across all of my ad accounts. Metareps told me basically that these changes are going to roll out gradually. The same thing I'm going to do with testing the crazy method ASC.

Back in the day, the crazy method ASC is when we were duplicating multiple times one ad. I told you that I don't like that and I was doing it only when I was desperate. Now we're going to refer to crazy method ASC as when we have multiple adsets, which are exactly the same with all the advanced plus options open completely broad and let it do the work.

One thing that I have seen which actually shocked me is that in the settings of the new ASC, if you go to the audience and you switch it to the original audience that you can put your different interests and stuff. You can put also in the advanced plus audience that it has the preset one suggestions, but in the other one, you cannot just put any audience because I tried to add cut and it wouldn't let me do it. And then by just by just seeing the relevance over there, it had a column which was called relevance.

It was showing to me interests that they were amazing for the product that I'm trying to sell. So somehow it's picking interests that I should and shows me as suggestions. But these are interests that I would have used also, which I don't know, it's doing it automatically or in another way.

It actually shocked me. It was really strange. Another thing that I have seen also in this audience is that it would let me have a checkbox below that says, do you want to expand more in the gender?

For example, if you pick only women or expand more to the age, if you pick men and stuff. But these are things that we're going to discuss in the next podcast where I will have more news, a little bit more news about the crazy method that I'm running. At the same time, I'm running also ABO to test if ABO single ad set ASC is working better.

And I will have only, I will have also results about this, but for sure as an initial test, it's working. As more as Meta is going to expand it to more ad accounts, the new ASC changes, advantage sales campaigns, as they call it now, I'm going to test it also more. So I will go with their pace.

When I see it in other ad accounts as a fresh thing, I will test it also there and so on. For now, I'm testing it in one very good ad account, strong ad account. It's working there.

So we will go to other strong to medium ad accounts and then medium ad accounts and medium to bad and bad ad accounts. I have a good feeling though this time because the previous year we were having this option with ASC multiple ad sets. It didn't work because they didn't do the changes.

I believe they are more ready now to do so because I'm seeing it behaving it much better. And on the other hand, what I'm seeing is that I do believe that if they remove all of the interest, as I said, and you cannot pick any interest, basically the only thing that is going to save you in a new ad account and a new pixel is going to be different hot pockets and having this possibility of finding a hot pocket through the crazy method. I have the feeling that the crazy method is going to start coming back again to be our new hero strategy that we're going to use because we neglected it a little bit with the ASC alone and optimizing ASC without running crazy methods.

We were running crazy methods only when it was needed with problematic ad accounts, lower trained pixels and all of that. So, in my opinion, this is what is going to happen. We will see.

This is a testing phase and I'm going to keep tested and keep you updated because as my friend Tad said over here, I have to put the effort and the money. So I'm doing my job, guys. Okay, I'm doing my job and I'm going to put all of my effort and the money to give you results and answers.

In the next podcast, we're going to analyze it more. Now, our main topic wasn't the crazy method. It's another thing.

It's the high performance performing ad sets. But as you know, if we start talking about the crazy method, I cannot stop. So let's see what we have here.

We have this prompt over here and you will be able to see in your delivery column that is going to say scale your high performing ad set. If you hover over it, you will say that it says, for example, this one. Considering increasing the ad set daily budget by an additional 112 or more to further scale your results.

Although your cost per result may rise, our models predict better returns from the increased investment over time. Increase the budget of high performing ad set would start the learning phase, which are the most important things that we want to discuss over here today. Okay.

A very good friend of mine, Michael, he he's using this a lot and he really likes this. I have used this. I have tried to scale the high performing ads, for example, into different accounts.

In some, it failed. In some, it worked. So for me, my opinion is that, meh, sometimes it's working, sometimes it's not.

So this is my opinion. But I would like to analyze it from the technical perspective and just point out some things. First of all, they say that it's not based on a suggestion.

They say that it's based on modeling. So let's analyze a little bit what is modeling. How it's calculated?

This percentage is based on a machine learning model of data from real advertisers who took the recommendation. So they say that the people that we were showing them the high performance ad, they did it. And based on that, we're showing you these results.

Okay. These advertisers have asserted optimization for ad delivery. The model considered a performance of 28 days.

Why? Why 28 days and not 7 days? Okay.

Because I don't think that this is fair. Performance over 28 days. Anyway.

And what do you mean by 28 days? Attribution? So the attribution model is 7 days.

You don't mean attribution, I guess. You mean that they have done the change and then we waited 28 days and we have seen if they have improved results. Maybe.

Did they increase more the budget during that period? I think it's a little bit of vague over here. Actual performance depends on many factors including market dynamics.

This percentage is provided to give you an idea of possible performance, but it's not guaranteed. Of course, they're going to cover their assets. The metric is estimated and in development.

Now, so they say that it's coming from actual data from users using these, but at the end they say that this is, it's like statistics. They tell you that you cannot be sure 100% and so on. So it's one thing that makes you think like, okay, this is different.

It's not like the suggestion that says use automatic placements. People have seen 3% more, blah, blah. So over here we have this one.

The second thing which is really bothering me to this one is they say that it's not, it won't restart the learning phase. So I'm trying to understand the mechanism behind this. So if you're having high performing ads, ad sets over here and you're increasing the budget and it's not restarting the learning phase, it's because somehow Meta is flagging those good ad sets.

And it's saying that, okay, this good ad set, if you increase the budget, we're not going to put it back on the learning phase. How is it doing it? With what kind of mechanism?

This proves to me more and more that the learning phase is a bull**** thing and it doesn't exist and it doesn't work. It's just, you know, something which is a fake thing. Have I seen back in the day increasing ad sets and not going out of the learning phase?

Yes. It wasn't necessarily good ad sets or whatever, but I have seen it not going back to the learning phase even when I was increasing more than 20%. Also, I have seen adsets passing the learning phase with less than 50 events.

So that's why I don't believe that the learning phase is a serious thing. You know, it's something which is written there, but I don't believe. Also, I have showed you several times different ad accounts that they didn't pass the learning phase, the adsets, and they were doing better from others that they passed the learning phase and so on.

So I don't think that it really matters. But here I think that we have another proof that the learning phase is something that they use whenever it is convenient for them. And now they say that with this one you don't pass the learning phase.

I cannot understand what kind of mechanism could be behind that. Okay. That you don't need to pass again through the learning phase.

The other thing that my friend Michael says is that you can increase the budget over here to the one ladder before the scale below the maximum recommendation. So over here, the example over here, we have 176, 136, 112, 96. So he says increase it to the 45, which is 136.

For example, don't go to the maximum one over here. So I have done it. My friend also Jonathan done it in several accounts.

I can tell you sometimes it works, sometimes it didn't, even with good or bad adsets. Also, I'm seeing sometimes having high performance on adsets that they're not having good ROAS. How are they evaluating what is high performing based on the amount of sales, for example?

So this ad set, for example, is getting more sales comparing to other adsets which are similar to it. So we're considering this high performing, so it's getting more volume. Is it based on ROAS?

If I have value optimization or maximum number of conversions, is this going to change? For example, if I have value optimization, my high performing ad set is going to be the one that is getting the most ROAS, the most AOV. If I have maximum number of conversions, my high performing ad set is going to be high performing if it's getting more volume from the others.

These are all things that are pretty vague, in my opinion. I do believe, by the way, that the previous thing that I said, these are the correct things that it's going to evaluate. But still I cannot prove them and I haven't seen any documentation about these kind of things.

But for sure there is a lot of discussion about this. In my opinion, it's nothing crazy. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.

Still, my idea about scaling, it's the same. I'm going to see other factors and not just one suggestion from Meta, even if it's coming from modeling, which again they're not explaining what is happening during this modeling. Because someone is increasing the budget again.

Is it taking modeling only from people that they have increased once and then for 28 days they haven't increased at all again? So all of this is something that is not answered. If you want to have an answer of if it's working or not, I can tell you that in my case, it was meh.

It didn't work. And in some cases it works. So it's up to you.

Test it. Maybe it's going to be something that's going to be a very good fit for your ad account in scaling. But for sure I do believe that eventually you are going to have a problem if you keep seeing that.

In theory, this one after some point, if you reach the point that it's not going to give you more sales, it's going to disappear. So maybe you're not going to scale anymore. So anyway, that's all I had for you about this specific thing.

Nothing crazy for me that I'm going to use in any of my shirts and stuff. Even watching it doesn't say anything in several accounts I have seen. Bad ad sets having this also.

So I don't believe it a lot, but it's being discussed a lot, mostly because of my friend Michael Reddit post. But he really believes in it. So I had, I told him that me and Jonathan, we haven't found anything crazy with it.

But he, but he still believes in it. But with the same way that I believe in things. Test them in your ad account.

Maybe they're going to work. Maybe not. That's all.

Next podcast. Don't forget. We're going to talk about the AAC crazy method and how it's going.

I will start testing it this week. I will test it also in another ad account. Let's go now to the next one, which is your questions.

Let's start with your questions. Is it best to experiment with different budgets until you find the right structure that works for your campaign? Or do campaign only work effectively with specific budget amounts?

You should experiment eventually with different budgets over here. Because it's impossible for you to scale. If you are doing now 50 or $100 campaigns, it's impossible for you to scale like this.

So eventually you will have to go to higher structures and try something else because it's not going to work with smaller budgets. And it's completely different to talk about testing a higher structure, which means that you're going to have more ad sets, for example, or you're going to have a bigger budget with the same ad sets or whatever and try to see if you can optimize it. And completely different thing to talk about.

I'm testing to see, for example, if interests are working for me or lookalikes are working for me. Okay? These are two different things that you're doing in an ad account.

You're going to start testing higher budgets when you are going to be able to know that this is the strategy that I'm going to use. I'm going to use lookalikes. I'm going to do this and this.

I'm going to use broad targeting. I'm going to use this and this. And the one is scaling.

The other one is not scaling. The other one is testing different targetings. Okay?

And different structures. If ASC is working for you, if CBO alone is working for you, you have to do crazy method. If you have to do just ASC with one ad set.

These are different things. It's a different thing to test what is working for you as a structure and a different thing to start testing bigger budgets. Because in the bigger budgets, you're going to take your best structure that you have tested already.

And this is what you are going to do in order for you to start scaling. So, we have the next question which is, I guess, based on that. It says, I believe you mentioned before that the amount of ads you used in ASC doesn't matter.

The main thing that matters is the budget and structure. Yes. Okay.

Let me tell you what I mean by that. In an ASC, in the way that we are doing it right now, not later on when we're going to have ASC campaigns with multiple adsets. If you have an ASC later on with multiple adsets, it's different.

But right now, we have ASC with just one ad set. And basically, I'm saying that because it's having a leading ad anyway, even if you put 10 or 20, still it's going to have a leading ad. You need to put a lot of budget over there in order for you to have budget distribution along all of the different ads.

And this is what I'm trying to say. But it really matters what kind of budget you have if you want to start scaling. Because as I said, if you're just doing $100 campaigns, you are not going to scale like this.

This is what you asked, right? You said, I believe you have mentioned before that the amount of ads you used in ASC doesn't matter. The main thing that matters is the budget and structure.

Yeah. The number of ads in the ASC doesn't matter. It's going to still focus in one.

And this is how we optimize it. But the budget matters if you want to have more distribution among the ads and you want to scale. And the structure to see if the ASC is working for you.

Yeah, I stand by it. Okay, sounds good. I'm going to go to a higher structure for ABO now.

Do you recommend doubling the budget for your next structure? I guess I explained to him that. And he said, if I'm going for the next structure.

So I don't know if you can double the budget. As I said in this channel, the way that we like to scale is with different campaigns that they have different creates from different angles, the daily loop theory and all of this kind of stuff. So just doubling the budget.

I don't know if it's going to work for you. I hope, I pray it's going to work for you. You can test it.

You can see how it goes. But in any case, I think that the most safe ways for you to go with different angles and different creatives, try to scale the ones that are working for you as much as you can. But just always accept the fact that there's always a risk when you're trying to scale a campaign.

Do you still use this? He's referring to Crazy Method ASC in the way that we were doing it in the past, like doing an ad multiplied several times in an ASC campaign with one ad set. No one do it.

And I also say in the video that I'm doing it when I'm desperate. And it's a different thing to use something as a last resort and a different thing for people to use something because they are lazy on producing creatives. And the reason that I didn't want to show you this, doing just with one creative multiple times in an ASC, just one ad, duplicating it several times and running it in an ASC.

The reason that I didn't want to show it to you because I was sure that there were going to be people that they would just take one creative that is working for them or medium creative that is working for them and they will just spam it again and again and again because they think that they will scale to making millions with it. And this is not how Facebook ads are working. I'm not using it.

I will use it if I'm desperate in this video that I have the ASC crazy method. I used it. To be honest with you, I regret that I uploaded this video because there are many people that they started abusing that after that, sending me messages of how they abused it and stuff.

And I know that they failed miserably later. But the thing is that I wanted to show a way for freelancers mostly if they have a bad client that is not giving them creatives. This was a catalog for me.

For example, I did this in order for me to have an extra 100 spend. It was nothing crazy. But I know that people are going to exploit it the same way that they have exploited, for example, the crazy method in multiple campaigns.

They were just running one campaign crazy method with the same creative as another one, the same creative as another one. What do you expect to happen? Do you think that you're just going to use the same thing again and again without doing a good professional work and Facebook is just going to give you sales, sales, sales.

No, it's not going to happen. And it's not about the crazy method. It's about your mentality of not using other creatives.

So you shouldn't be asking if this thing is working or not and you shouldn't be doing it unless if you're desperate. Like I was in the video and I just did the crazy method ASC with multiple assets which were the same and it was a catalog. But again, I was desperate.

Next one. Hello, Konstantinos. I've been looking for the answer on your channel, but I couldn't find it.

Okay, let's hear it. I'm currently running an ASC which is targeting multiple European countries. The results are quite good, but I noticed that some of the countries perform much worse than the other.

You don't have the answer because this is a video that is going to be uploaded on March on working with multiple countries in the new way. I think that I'm wasting a lot of money on countries that don't bring any results. Do you think it's a good idea to move some of the weak performing countries or shouldn't touch it at all?

So my first instinct says don't touch it at all. If you want to start playing a little bit, the thing that I have found which is working pretty well when you are working with multiple countries, it's let's say for example that we do have 25 countries and you're going there and you're seeing that, let's say Germany, it's working pretty well for you. Like it's spending 60% of the budget and the sales are coming there and the other countries are having one sale here, one sale there and stuff.

You know, now if you see some countries taking some crazy amount of budget like Turkey, India, Pakistan, if you're using this kind of countries, then you just remove them because they are lower CPM countries and this is why it's happening. But if you have the top tier countries, you know, as we like to call them based on GDP, then what you need to check over here is if you have any country which is standing out. Now, most of the mistake that people do is that they run the same campaign now only with Germany and this is failing completely.

My theory behind that is that when you do that, you're just missing the sale here and there and there from the other countries that's going to help you have an average result. So what I was doing is that in the campaign that you have and the 60% of the budget, for example, is being spent in Germany, I was going to remove the other 24 countries, just leave Germany there, see how much from the breakdown of the results Germany is spending on the last 7 days. So, for example, let's say that they're spending 7k on the last 7 days, then I would divide that with 7 and then I would put the new budget of the campaign to 1k, which is how much Germany was spending alone in this campaign.

And then I will launch the same campaign because we don't care about overlap over here. It's different countries with the other 24 countries trying to find another one and so on. This is something that has worked pretty well for me.

When I'm working with multiple countries, there's a video coming about this, but yes, you are right, I haven't described this a lot into my other videos. Anyway, that's all your questions for today. I hope that you liked the topic and the next topic is going to be really good because we're going to talk about the ASC.

And I will see you guys on the next one. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description.

This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is. .

. . .

. . .

. .