Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast, Podcast 112. To be honest with you, I don't have any major topics today except from the fact that we have the tariffs going back to normal and more people advertising again.

I'm focusing mostly on the course. In the next weeks most likely there's going to be one podcast which is going to be only for the course and I'm going to show you all the different things that we're going to cover on the course. We're going to go step by step into the different chapters and discuss what you're going to be able to see inside the course.

One thing for all of you, if you don't know it, you can join my Patreon. It's I think it's $19.99 something like this. $20 for a month and you can have access to all the previous extra podcasts.

So a lot of knowledge there which is basically the second part that I'm answering questions and all of that from the comments that I have. So if you haven't done it and you want access to all the previous podcasts, feel free to go there. Now, before we go to your questions, I would like to, it's not going to be a very big podcast.

As I said, we are having limited time now. We're trying to rush to prepare the main course. I think that all of you, you're going to love it.

I have this graph which is coming from one of my students from one of his stores. It's a little bit scary if you actually see it, because basically we're seeing that the tariffs went to normal, CPMs are rising, and he's dropping his spend in order for him to be able to catch up. And the truth is that I have seen, after seeing this graph in other accounts, and I'm seeing the same thing, the CPMs are rising, which means that we're going to have more expensive ads and more people start advertising again on the US.

So be careful, start monitoring your CPM. If you have good results, don't care about it, just monitor it in order for you to know if you start having some worse results, what's the issue. Let's go to your questions straight away.

And let's start with this one says, Hi, Constatios. Recently, I've been having problems with ROAS. All my campaigns were performing badly.

Last week, I noticed bots visiting my shop because they were registering on my WordPress site, and they received notifications about it. So I added reCAPTCHA to prevent this bots, and my ROAS went from 0.7 back to 2+. That's the best ROAS I've had since January.

To be honest with you, the fact that you have 2ROAS plus says nothing. I would like to see for how long. Do you think reCAPTCHA could have caused this improvement, or it was just a coincidence?

I don't like to talk with coincidences here, but I think also that this change cannot make a store going from 0.7 to 2 ROAS. On the other hand, I would be really tempted to close it and open it again to see if this is the truth. I would be really tempted if this was my business.

But I'm also a little bit of a scientist. I like to test things just to know. In your case, if something is working, we don't touch it.

That's the rule. So it worked for you. So if I was in your case, I would guess that this is a change that made the difference, and I would try to see now if I can scale, and how can I improve further from that point.

For sure, having junk traffic can be really bad. On the other hand, CAPTCHA is not something that can really prevent the bad traffic anyway, because they're still going to come. I don't know.

I'm a little bit divided on this one. I would love to see if it's going to hold like this. But good for you.

Next question. How does spent distribution work when stacking five interests in a single asset? Does Meta favor one interest over the others based on performance signals, or it is treated as one blended audience where spent isn't broken down by individual interest?

I think it's going to go to the different interests one by one. That's what my intuition says. Maybe I'm completely wrong.

They're not transparent on how this is working. Trying to understand how stacking affects optimization and different interests can dominate results behind the scenes. The reason that I believe that it's doing it like this, it's coming from the behavior that I see on the different ad sets when you have single ad set interests, and you have interest in one ad set, another interest in another ad set, and all of that.

And I see that a broad one, for example, is taking all of the budget there. I'm having the sense that if you group them in one ad set, it's going to go to interest one, two, three, but it's going to favor the one that is having a broader audience, in the same way that it's going to favor it when it's single ad set interest in a CBO campaign. Now, if it's blending them all together and stuff, these are the information that we don't have from Meta.

If I turn off an ad during optimization, but not a few days later that it has started reporting profitable sales, is it even advisable to turn it back on? Story of my life. I'm closing ads, and they have sales two days after.

I believe that, I don't know, it's just a pattern. I believe that now I'm talking about campaigns that maybe they don't have a sale for 10 days. I'm over exaggerating, I'm not going to leave it for 10 days, but I'm pretty sure that you leave them for 10 days and then you close it and on the 11th day it shows you a sale.

It looks like Meta is doing it on purpose, I believe. I'm seeing it all the time on ads that I close and I'm not bad on optimization. On the other hand, I have to tell you that I have tried to turn it on again and then it wasn't getting sales.

So, I cannot tell you if you have turned it back on or off or keep it off, but I can tell you that for sure I see it as a pattern from Meta doing this all the time. It's up to you. All the times that I that I have turned it on again, I regretted it.

Or it's generally not recommended because reactivated it could disrupt the learning phase, pacing core current and asset structure. I think it doesn't matter. I think you should not do it because if you have taken a decision, support it.

And on the other hand, I believe that Meta is giving the sales in purpose, so it's not the real sales. I cannot believe that in all of the ads that I close, suddenly Meta decided to work the day that I decided to close them. Curious about what you've seen happen when you try to revive them, delayed profit ads.

They never work. Like, a ratio of 90% is not going to work anyway, even if you turn it on again. Konstantinos, I've cleared my schedule.

I'm not going to read it. I know this message. He's asking when the course is going to come.

We are aiming for the 15th of June to launch the course. Just to clarify, it's not going to be the full course. It's going to be a big part of it.

And we will keep uploading stuff after that. But we have to start from somewhere. We have to start from the main base, which is going to be uploaded.

Anyway, it's going to be lifetime access and stuff. And we're going to upload more stuff as the time passes by. Most likely in one month, everything should be uploaded.

But I'm going to start because everybody wants it and they want to have access to the course. So, I think on the 15th of June, we're going to be okay. I started one CPO with one broad, one stacked, local like 10%.

Add to cart, initiate, check out, view, call, the email list. And one stacked winning interest. The problem is broad assets is not profitable, but related assets are profitable.

They all have same ads. Should I post the broad overall the campaign is profitable? If overall the campaign is profitable, I wouldn't close it.

I wouldn't touch it. I would wait to see what's going to happen. On the other hand, I don't have a lot of information, how much they're spending, which one is the dominant and all of that.

So, I cannot help you further. But if the campaign is profitable, I wouldn't touch it. Even if one of them is not getting any sales, I wouldn't touch it if it's profitable.

Because most likely it's going to become worse. Hi, I'm not sure I understand the difference between ASC and CPO anymore since the recent Facebook updates. ASC, so right now, before the rolling of the changes, ASC was Advantage Shopping campaign.

And it was this preset campaign that we had campaign and that being the same. And we have several ads. We could not do more than one ad set.

Basically, the ad set and the campaign was the same thing. It wasn't the same thing with preset. Now, they unified the manual and the ASC Advantage Shopping campaign and they made it a new ASC, which is called Advantage Sales campaign.

In Advantage Sales campaign, we have the option to do CBO, which is Advantage Plus Budget, which is different adsets that the budget is going to be distributed from the campaign to the adsets. And we have ABO also, which is Adset Budget Optimization, which means that you can set the budget on the ad set level and each ad set has its own budget that you're going to decide and not the campaign, not the algorithm is going to decide, which is the case and what is happening with CBO. In the new style, we can do CBO or ABO.

But the new ASC campaign that we're going to do in the new style is either a CBO with one ad set and many ads or an ABO with one ad set and many ads. This is what you are going to do. When I create a campaign now, it's automatically ASC and it's not the old ASC.

It's another thing. On the right side, under campaign score, it says Advantage Plus Sales campaign, on. So what's the difference between ASC and CBO since they both use campaign budget?

When we talk about CBO also, we talk about several adsets. Okay. And by the way, here you can do an ASC CBO with a new style because you can do many adsets.

In this Advantage Sales campaign, you can do a CBO. Okay. The difference is another thing.

The old ASC, the shopping campaign is a completely different thing. They... Meta screwed up completely here.

They made them have the same name. I have so many videos calling it ASC and in three years they're going to ask me what is this. Okay.

They completely messed up. They could have called it in another way. Because if they have called it in another way, I could tell you ASC is an old style campaign that we used to have.

You know, now it's ASC and it's going to be so confusing. Because at the end, we experienced something weird recently. A few different ads in our older campaigns receive delivery errors and the explanation is that they have not received conversions for a long time and so cannot be delivered.

Also this. Yeah, Meta is doing that. Sometimes if ad sets or ads are not taking any budget or sales as they say here, they tend to close them.

I would check my automated rules to see if there is anything there. Weird part is one of the ads that was error, was best performing one for its Advanced Plus campaign. End up turning this back on without duplication.

Delay delivery notification showing active after a few hours. But it may come days later that they are now active. And then performance was good for two days suddenly.

Huge CPM spikes, last days and bad results. Yeah, they reset it. Now making any change to let it settle, but have you experienced this before?

Yes, I have seen it. It's annoying, but I haven't seen it with a winning ad. Most of the times they close ads that they don't have spent on any sales.

I have seen rejecting always my best ad. So even if there is not a valid reason, when they reject an ad, it's always going to be the best one of the campaign. And then I will ask for a review, but it's not going to be the same.

Blah blah. It's always a problem with Meta. You always have to deal with a problem.

Noticing also I'm getting Instagram Meta business ads about how to avoid ad rejection, check out or ad policies, but we don't see any rejection ads or anything like this, except the situation. Okay, I think you have to be patient with it, but don't expect it to go back to the crazy days that you have and the crazy good results that you had with it, because I think it's gone. Hi Kay, I'd really appreciate your thoughts on this.

Meta says they have a smart pixel, much smarter than we are. Okay. One that knows exactly who our customers are and when they are most likely to make a purchase, if it's trained and if we give it proper data.

They say their pixel improves over time with more data. Our is four years old with millions to spend, but when we looked at our advanced plus campaigns, we noticed something worrying. Reads.

The number of people who saw the ad was massive, but content views, the number who actually clicked through to our product page, were under 0.1 of that. Now, let me clarify something. If I have a pixel which I was selling this, okay, and I have a pixel which is having a spend of 4 million, then I have a trained pixel for this.

If I start selling this over here, which is a mug, then it doesn't mean that my pixel is going to work. So, I'm asking if you're having a pixel which is actually trained for the thing that you're trying to sell now. The fact that you're having 4 million spent in any pixel selling something else or something similar, it's not making it the same.

And here, I'm sensing that you did a broad audience and Facebook doesn't know who to target. This is what I'm feeling over here. With manual targeting, all the creatives are completely bad.

Okay, and nobody's clicking them. With manual targeting, we still get 6 to 8% of people to view the page, but now Meta is pushing us to hand everything over to the dumb pixel that's clearly playing guesswork and clearly isn't performing. When broad targeting is not working, I always feel like it needs a little bit of more training, you know, because broad targeting should work eventually.

Also, your niche. What kind of niche do you have? If you are on makeup, maybe even 4 million, it's still not enough to overcome other companies, for example, in massive niches.

All of this, of course, it's speculations. Okay, I would love to see the ad accounts to know better. I'd really appreciate your thoughts on this.

Moreover, I'd love to know if you're seeing similar rich VS Code review results for your Advanced Plus VS Manual campaigns. Only on Android pixels, I can see that. And your thought on exactly how smart this Meta pixel really is.

Pixels are really good and they are helping us a lot, but it's a combination of things. It's the pixel, it's the ad accounts, the quality of the traffic that we get from the ad accounts. If you're a shadow band or whatever, it's also the creatives that they help you with the targeting.

There are so many different factors. Our pixel is 4 years old with million spend. Is it still getting trained?

How much more data does it need? Nobody knows, but the way that you describe it makes me think that it's not. Or maybe you are selling something else, I don't know.

Thanks, Kay. Maybe it's just us. We're looking at the consolidated stats of the entire ad account, all manual VS all auto campaigns.

Also had some AB tests when they were when the very same creatives on auto VS manual. The idea was going was doing a deep dive on the real accuracy of very well seasoned Meta pixel after years of data and spend. Again, if you're selling the same product, I think that you're not going to have a problem.

And at the end of the day, don't do broad targeting if it's not working for you. Stay on lookalikes and interests. That's all I had for you today.

Guys, I hope that you're going to enjoy your weekend and I will see you on the next one. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my Patreon page following the link on the description.

This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is. We'll see you there.

The last one and then, the Facebook Ads from the Facebook Ads will start the Sauk皮 quarterback. Because that's how real things sell their fiance. On the next one, you'll see what they earnest in place.

So these are God's redetaan. Jevel creeping in towards ese an orange byisseur picking on you.