Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast. So there's not much to say after what happened on Sunday, as long as we have survived.

Of course this podcast is going to be just questions, no other topic and of course we're going to talk about what happened on Sunday. I have already uploaded a video on Monday explaining the situation but there are some further news so we're going to cover that and we also have the luxury of being able to talk, you know, more here. So let's start.

First of all, it's the email, that it's the tweet that I showed you. Basically, just to give you again the context, I took some messages from people from Europe that they were telling me that their ads were overspending and stuff and I said okay they're just panicking because it was a cost cap account and the cost caps tend to spend whatever they want during the day, it's not like the normal daily budget campaigns. So he said okay, most probably he's over exaggerating.

And because Sundays are always slow on the beginning of the morning and they're much better during the evening hours. I don't know, is it because people are sleeping? I don't know the reason.

So the situation is that I got this message, I said okay nothing else came from my clients, you know, it wasn't still, everybody was still sleeping at that point. So I went for lunch with my wife in a restaurant and then I was looking on my phone and then 10 minutes later I'm looking at my phone and I see 25-30 mails. So I look at it and I see receipt, receipt, receipt and it was receipt from my big spending accounts and in an account for example that I was spending 40k, I go and I see 37k spent.

So I said you f***ing idiot Costantinos, you did something, you put a budget of 100k in one of the ad sets or the ads and it's spending like crazy. I go, I look all of my budgets, imagine I'm in a lunch, I have these messages and I'm watching on my laptop which I always have. My wife was a little bit angry about it but anyway and I was watching it and nothing strange but still the spend was there and then everybody started talking about it on Twitter and stuff and on Reddit and everywhere and I started checking and I started informing my clients about it.

So the situation is this, as this guy is actually saying it on his tweet, ad delivery is f***ed up across our whole portfolio and all meta business ad accounts. I want to point out that this problem was only for campaigns that they were using the conversion event and purchase so messaging campaigns or engagement or something else they haven't been affected. CPMs are up by 200 to 500%.

Vs yesterday and all other metrics are f***ed up completely. Happy Earth Day and he is showing here the metastatus.com that you can see if something is wrong where the ad delivery has a major disruption over here. And of course I have a print screen here from Reddit that says my ads have already spent 1k by 3.45 am when I'm typically only around 200-300 spent at this time.

Yeah, I can see that happening. Basically all the spending was spent during the morning hours and we will explain it a little bit more. My CPM also went from 14 to 90.

This is happening across all of my ad accounts and then we have one message below that says yes, I spent 91% of my budget by 1pm lol. So this was the situation and I could see that all the accounts were spending all of the money during the morning and guess what happened. Basically, imagine that if you're spending something like 25 million let's say or let's make it an even number.

Just 25 million is also an even number. It's not an even, it's actually... Anyway, so 1 million, let's say that you're spending 1 million and you're spending this during the whole day.

Let's say in a specimen of let's say 50 accounts. They spend this 1 million. If these accounts spend this 1 million from 12 o'clock in the night up to 8 o'clock in the morning and all of this whole budget is going to be in just these hours, the problem that we're going to have is that the competition is going to rise so high that we are going to have a very huge issue with CPMs and costs.

So I have seen during that hour cost per click going from 1 or 2 dollars to 17. I have seen CPMs going from 20 to 70. At the time that I was watching it and it was morning for United States, I could tell you that the CPMs went to 50, 60, 70, 80 while the other days they were on 10 or 12 or 20.

If you go now and you watch the Sunday, you will see that it's the double. So if you had 15 on the previous days, you have 30. But this happened because of the CPM dropping during the rest of the day while Meta was actually improving things.

So the situation is that all of this spent went immediately to these hours of the day which proves also the concept that we have discussed several times in this channel about the competition that you are having from other people advertising. So Facebook is like any other economy okay. So the more you spend there, the more competition you have and the sales are let's say a specific number every day and they're going to be scattered among all the people that they are trying to get a sale.

So the better offer you have, the better creatives, the better this, the better that, the better landing page, whatever, you're going to have better chances of taking a bigger slice of this pie. But this is why we're discussing about it. So if all of the spend suddenly rises, then only the good ones are going to survive because they have a good offer.

But still they're going to have losses because in the process there are going to be more people trying to get sales. So the sales are going to be scattered among more advertisers. And this is what happened.

All of the spend was actually and it wasn't even a prime hour in order to absorb something like that. So all of the spend went in some hours of the day that they were not also the good hours and even the sales that they were there, they were not enough. So this skyrocketed everything.

We have another message here. But also, you know, when things like that are happening, I like it. So I was always believing about the CPMs and the competition and stuff and that you cannot just have 100k spend and go to 500k just because you want it.

You're going to lose on ROAS because you're asking for a bigger slice of the pie. For you that you have been to the channel for a long period, you know that I have videos like this posted. But I'm really happy because now there are numbers backing it up, you know, in a bigger level and all of this theory is correct.

And it's not just an excuse that advertisers use here and there in order to tell you that if you are going to scale, you're going to drop your ROAS. Because a lot of times there are people that they come and say, I want to scale on the double spend but have the same ROAS. Maybe it's going to happen, who knows.

But most of the times when you scale the ROAS are dropping and then you try to find a very good sweet spot with the amount that you want to spend and the ROAS that you actually want. And you try to always achieve that. If you want to go above that, you will always have to try of course, but Facebook is going to stop you by giving you less ROAS.

You will have to do it with other creatives, with other landing pages that convert better, with better offer, with better, with other products that you're going to introduce. So this is the situation and from the perspective of this happening and proving all of that so that some people can not be paranoid with that. Well, here's your proof.

If you don't believe any advertiser and you think that they are bull****** you just so that they can cover their incompetence of getting the results. Now, let's go on because sometimes talking in theory is completely different of happening in front of your eyes and being able to prove it. Next tweet, all campaigns spend 125% of daily budgets, auto or manual beats, no difference.

I have seen that also. At the end of the day, I could see that they have spent much more and let me tell you that on Monday, I have seen that they were having less spent. So I could see ad accounts that yesterday spent, for example, 700 and when I was watching in the morning, they have spent only $2, for example.

Later in the day, they started spending. But on Monday, we had a situation that we had, of course, lower CPM, but we had also ad accounts not spending and I believe it was the way of Facebook to, you know, lowering the situation of high CPMs by making the ad accounts spent less. Then it says, account overspend, their account limits, none of the stop loss rules worked native or third party once after 10 hours later as the liver is still having major disruptions and he's showing a print screen.

Now, let's talk about the rules. I was always against automatic rules and the reason is because automatic rules are there and they are messing situations and guess what, in this situation that it's one of the main situations that you could use automated rules and actually help you, they don't even work. Okay, so in any other situation like having a bad day or whatever, I could see automated rules causing more issues.

I don't like them. I really like to touch my accounts. I really like to oversee them instead of having the lazy appetite of leaving them over there with automated rules.

But I get that some people want to use automated rules because they just do Facebook ads and they don't like them. For me that I like them, I don't want to use automated rules because I like to play on my own with all of that and I believe that automated rules are going to be used later maybe by an AI that is going to do better work with them. But right now with automated rules you are missing the element of the human touch and you know it's completely different of an AI coming and based on data put automated rules and completely different of you with your speculations or whatever to do automated rules.

Maybe there is going to be just one bad day and you have automated rules which is going to cause you to close some ads. I think I have a video about automated rules recently that I explained why I don't like them and even in this situation that it would make sense for automated rules to stop some ads, they didn't work. So let's read some more tweets and then we will talk about what I did with my accounts and what I think that you should have done.

So let's go on Triple Whale. Triple Whale had a very good messaging with tweets which helped us a lot because they have a lot of accounts. Summary data from today's meta as disaster.

By 10am EST on a typical Sunday this morning spent across a sample of 2,300 shops in the US using Triple Whale was about 1.5 million. So as I said in my Monday video, I consider this a very low spend. I don't know why they have only 1.5 million spent with 2,300 shops only.

I have accounts that they spent 100k and 50k per day. So I don't understand this number. Maybe they don't have big clients.

I don't know. Today it was more like 3.7. So instead of 1.5, the ad account spent 3.7 and not in the whole day, just in this amount of time.

But pixel clicks were absolutely flat. So basically there were money being spent but they didn't have any improvement on the results. They were just spending for the same amount of results.

147% without nothing to show for it. We feel for all the brands impacted and for the engineering teams on Meta who were sure are totally freaking out. I don't think they're freaking out.

I think that they just go there. Do you think that the Meta says, oh my god we should do something because people are losing their money. No, they don't.

The engineering team, they don't f***ing care. They just said, oh my god it's Sunday. Do I have to go now and fix all of this mess?

Maybe we should let the people do it on Monday that everybody is going to be on the office. I don't believe that they were panicking, okay? Let's not over exaggerate it.

In Triple World brief history, we've never seen anything like that. Me neither. I've never seen such a big mess to be honest with you.

Then we have, what can we take away from today going forward? Fail saves are imperative. We should all be using rules plus anomaly detection.

Triple Whale has both in the meantime. I don't believe in that, as I said earlier. Now anomaly detection, okay, but you can see that.

For example, you can see if your ads are spending. You can go to Meta status and you can see if something is happening or not. Take a deep breath.

Remember, this isn't just a problem. Share this data with your peeps or clients or boss and don't forget to touch some grass this afternoon. Okay, so and then we have a guy here, Jonathan, saying fair sales are great if they work.

My ads were still spending even after I turned them off. And yes, this is something that they have also seen. Then we have a print screen here that says that the ad delivery was resolved.

It's coming from the next day. We have recovered from an earlier outage impacting ad delivery across our platform and services have now been restored. We apologize for an inconvenience that this may have caused.

And then let's go to the things that we're going to see. First of all, I'm going to show one opinion from somebody that I really liked his opinion. I disagree with one thing only inside.

And then we're going to show some of the messages that they got and what is happening now with the refunds. And then we will go to your questions, leaving this matter behind. So what's the situation right now?

The ad accounts yesterday, which was Wednesday, they had a very bad day. Monday was good, Tuesday was medium, Wednesday was a bad day. And I will tell you what I believe that is happening.

Also, I want to point out that there are companies that they have spent a lot of money on Sunday losing a lot of money. For example, companies spending 40-50k per day that they spend this amount of money with a loss. Okay.

But they're going to get refunded and everything is going to be okay on that side, which means that they are also going to get money out of that. And it has happened in the past. And I will show you also some of the messages that they come from the Facebook reps.

Because these companies with 50-60k spent per day, they have very good Facebook reps that they are actually caring and they can solve problems. Of course, it's going to take some time, but at the end of the day, they are going to be the winners. Now, let me tell you, because they still spent 46k, but they got 0.6 euros, for example.

Okay. So they got some money on the process. Now, what I did, if you have an account which is not spending a lot of money, you can go and you can stop your ads.

It's fine. If you're spending 100-200, you can stop your ads and you can start them later. But if you're having ad accounts that they're spending 40-50-60k per day or 3k per day, 5k per day, you cannot just close your ads and then start them the next day.

Let me tell you what is my opinion. And then we can read the opinion of somebody else. And there are also other people that they were saying close your ads and stuff.

But the problem is that people were closing their ads and some ad accounts got restricted also. So in a situation that everything is in a big mess with Facebook, most of the times what we do is we don't touch a lot. What I have done in the big accounts is that there were some campaigns that they were having spent, for example, 5k and they have spent already 4.5k.

On those, I went down and I limited the budget to 4k just to stop them. On other campaigns that they were spending normally because these are the accounts I have 20-30 campaigns over there. In these ones, and this is also another thing about the consolidation, the ad accounts that they have consolidation, all the budget was spent there.

But if you have a lot of different campaigns, not all of the campaigns spent recklessly all of this budget. So you were having some of those that they were working and they helped at the end of the day to recover some of the lost ROAS. Another thing is of course that automated rules didn't work.

So you need somebody who's going to monitor everything, especially if you're spending this amount of money. This is why I always say that I work 24-7 and on weekends and stuff. But it's not an issue for me because I like Facebook ads.

If you don't like Facebook ads, don't do Facebook ads. And if you think that it's a necessary good, hire somebody else to do your Facebook ads that he's going to be there when something is going to happen because this is how the platform operates. What can we do about it?

Okay? So I was hearing people saying, I'm not going to advertise again with Facebook, blah, blah, blah. And what are you going to do if 80 or 90%...

Let's say that for example, Facebook is not going to give any refund. And you are listening to your friends in the next two months saying, oh, we're having very good results on Facebook ads. You're also going to do Facebook ads.

This is why a lot of times I say that Facebook ads is a dictatorship. Okay? And you can do nothing about it because you need them.

It's like PayPal. What can you do if all the United States wants to pay with PayPal and PayPal is giving you... It's making this stupid thing that says that, okay, we will give you your money in 30 days and it's causing major issues to your cash flow.

Okay? But still, it's a necessary good and you are working also with PayPal. I also sell my services and I get paid with PayPal a lot of times, but I don't like it.

I don't like PayPal. I hate PayPal. I don't like it.

So, but there are a lot of times people that they say, no, I'm only paying with PayPal. What can I do? So, sometimes we don't like companies, but we have to use them.

And this is happening with a lot of companies that they're using Meta because there is not an alternative right now. TikTok is not the alternative. TikTok is not working as it should so far and it's not the platform that is giving the results that Meta is giving.

If you go in several companies, there are not a lot of companies that they will say that Meta is not one of their main streams of income. Okay? And I have seen companies, of course, that Meta wasn't and they have found other ways, but I'm sure that the other ways plus Meta it would be even better for them.

They're just mad with Meta and it's fine. They should not use it, but don't... Let's not pretend like, okay, we're not going to use Meta again, blah, blah, blah, because the moment you will see everybody winning out of that, you're going to do it.

It's like the Bitcoin. Sometimes you say, okay, I don't want to bother anymore with Bitcoin and stuff. And then when you see everybody talking about Bitcoin, you are starting thinking of it again.

So if you see people making money or if this is a major thing of your income into your business, you're going to use Meta anyway. And it's sad because they know that and maybe some of you are not going to get refunds, while some other people are going to get refunds. We're going to talk about refunds in a little bit.

So what I did is that in these campaigns that they were spending a lot, I lowered the budget in order to minimize it. Of course, I lowered the budget already for the next day. And I didn't close my ads because when you are spending 3, 4, 5, 6K, you cannot just close your ad and then the next day start.

Maybe I have reached to the point of spending this amount of money by stacking campaigns in the course of two, three months. In the next week, on Wednesday, I'm going to have a case study of how I scaled the United States account from 30K while maintaining good draws to 157K on March. I think it dropped to 133K on this month for the obvious reasons.

But you will see how gradually I'm going. So if I go and I cut this, all of my campaigns and then start the next month on 80K, in order for me to get to 150K again, I will have to, you know, take my time and do campaigns and new creators and stuff and it might take me two, three months. So it doesn't make any sense.

But on the other hand, I need to tell you that if your ad account is small, you should not behave like you're having a very big account and you should not close your ads. You can close your ads if you spend 100 or 200. But in big accounts, I don't like to hear, you know, sometimes I see people say, close your ads, don't be stupid.

To whom are you talking to? To someone spending 100 or to someone spending 200K, for example, per month or 500K per month? To whom are you talking to?

Because if you're talking to both of them with the same style, then you are the stupid one. Okay, so this is the thing. Let's discuss a little bit from the technical side what would happen with the other ad accounts.

So most of the people close their ads. What does this mean? This means that during the next hours of the day, the CPMs actually improved a lot and some companies recovered their money.

Given the fact that they are going to take a refund, they're going to be the big winners of this day. Sadly, guys, okay, I wish they were the winners because of the ROAS, but we have to talk with what is happening in reality. Second thing, if we think of it, the next day or the other day, a lot of people are going to launch their new ads.

Okay, some of them are going to just do the on-off thing with the toggle button, but some of those are going to start new campaigns. New campaigns means the same thing that we discussed earlier. Competition.

By the way, before I was mentioning about how I scale this company, this is what I'm trying to explain when I say that you try to take a bigger chunk of the market always and you're doing this with other creatives. You're doing this with trying new strategies. You're doing this with that, but this is taking time.

So when you're winning all of this new big slice that Facebook is giving you from the niche that you are advertising to, when you're going on your own and you're saying, okay, I want the smallest slice, Facebook is going to give you the smallest slice and you have to make it big again to take again the chunk of the market that you lost because you gave up on some of your spend. So on that note, I just lowered the budget a little bit because I didn't want to lose my campaigns. For those that they're going to toggle on and off, I can tell you that some of your campaigns are going to be destroyed by that and some of those are going to survive because they're still holding the data of the last seven days over there and we go to the people that they just closed everything and they are going to do new campaigns.

The campaigns that I have already, that they have data and they were not closed, they're going to stay there and they're not going to compete with the new campaigns that they have zero data, but they're going to compete with the campaigns that stay there and they have already data. So all the people who are doing new campaigns are going to compete with each other in a very big race of new campaigns that they're going to try get data. That means that a lot of new campaigns are going to fail because of the competition and I think that this is what happened on Wednesday.

On Wednesday, after people watching for one two days, what happened, they went and they started new ads. This is why we see very bad results because all of these people doing new ads, okay, now they're pushing again the results in a bad state because Facebook is giving very good results for new campaigns in the first 24-48 hours, but this doesn't mean that these results are going to be also raw as wise, very good. So when a lot of people are doing new campaigns, while you were having people that they have old campaigns, the new campaigns are going to get sales.

It doesn't mean that they're going to be profitable. It means though that they're going to still sales because there are a lot of new campaigns that they need some data in order to kickstart and start getting data, but in my opinion that means that both of the ones that they left the campaigns and the ones that they have new campaigns, they're going to be the losers over here and this is what happened on Wednesday. On the other hand though, the campaigns that they still have data, they're going to continue, but the campaigns that they don't have data or they are not profitable and they're new campaigns, most of those are going to be closed from the people that they started the new campaigns.

And then what's going to happen is that in the long term, the campaigns that they have left there with the data without closing them, they are the ones that they're going to win eventually because people, if they're not getting results, they're not going to be able to maintain their new campaigns. I hope that it makes sense and it's not super technical, but I think that it makes sense. Now let's see the opinion of this guy and let's move on.

I told you already my opinion and what I have done. In the bigger accounts, I lowered a little bit the budgets to the ones that they were overspending and I kept the campaigns open. In the smaller accounts, I even closed the ads, but I convinced all of my clients on the big accounts to stay there.

To my experience, there have been two accounts that they have actually not been impacted at all. So instead of having four ads, which is the minimum, they had 3.8 while the other days they have 6.7. But these are the two campaigns that I haven't seen having any issue and we will see also one message from a guy that says that he was impacted.

This is hard for a lot of you to hear, but during a big Facebook ads bug outage like today, the best thing you can do is nothing. I totally agree with you. Well, nothing with some exceptions.

The more changes you make, the harder it will be to understand and communicate what was impacted by the bug. Oh, so on that, Facebook is going, you're going to talk with some crazy people with Facebook that they're going to say, give me the campaign ID, what happened and stuff. They're going to pretend.

They're not going to pretend. They don't know what happened and they will ask you and you have to give them details. So he's saying here that if you do changes, you're not going to be able to monitor it properly and give it to them.

I'm wondering if this is more of data display issue than a delivery issue. Based on my 15 years of experience with these types of issues, I probably wouldn't turn off ads today. I agree.

I expect Facebook to make good on any issues losses. I agree also that I have seen cases happening like this. For those that they closed their ads, of course, they can still ask for a refund, but they are not going to have the advantage of having campaigns with data for the next days.

That could take weeks or months. I totally agree. Or might never happen, but I've usually had it refunded.

I agree. Screenshot everything. Document the direct and indirect ad and business impact loss.

This is why making changes or pausing complicates that. I agree also with that, but I think that if you can have some, you know, some stop on some spends, it's going to be fine. Most probably he's referring to closing campaigns because then the team is going to see that you close them so you didn't lose money and so on.

Write a firmly awarded email to your Facebook rep, outlining everything. Set reminders to bug them about it every week until it's refunded. This is very important.

You have to keep talking to them about that. There are plenty of reasons to turn ads off. If you feel insecure and you want to minimize any larger potential, immediately losses and don't want to deal with Meta for a bigger refund, go for it.

There are one or two cases that told me, Konstantinos, I don't want to even bother with Facebook. We lost $300. Fine.

Let it be. But of course you can understand for compers that they lost 40k. They cannot say that.

Very possible the damage has already been done and making changes or turning off ads might be unnecessary anyway. I agree with him and I think it was one of the most composed. It was sent to me by someone so I don't know the person to give him the credit or her.

Let's go to the next one. So then the emails started coming and there are some emails that they were explaining the situation and I want to explain why I'm showing them. So we have, how are you?

First of all, thank you for the nice words in the podcast where you put my questions. Really appreciate it. It's my pleasure.

I come to you for a simple question. I need some explanation before being asked. Today something really strange is happening on my ads.

So this is the disadvantage of actually having one ad account. You know, you see stuff over here. In my opinion you should see Twitter, you should see other things so that you can see what other people say about it.

But if you're alone and you don't have several ad accounts like I do, you cannot know immediately. So you're losing time. Today something really strange is happening on my ads.

I have stable campaigns for four months, CPM, CTR, CPC. But this Sunday something inexplicable just happened. I've never had this kind of experience.

Welcome to the club. As you know, I sell in France and April is not the best month because of the strikes. April is not the best month in general because in United States we have taxation.

In France you have strikes everywhere. It's a mess. I reduced my campaigns by two during this month, 400 and 500 per day.

I keep a correct profit of 12 000 euros since the beginning of April. At the same time in March I was already at 27k profit. Good for you bro.

I'm so happy. He is one of the people that took my course. He is doing very well.

I'm very happy for him. But today Facebook decided to really be uncool. My CPM doubled...

Sorry that I'm laughing. My CPM doubled or even tripled overnight in all my campaigns. Not just one, but all of them.

I had average CPCs between 0.7 and 0.5 and 0.7 during this month of March and about the same for the last four months. Now I got CPC of 1.5. Okay.

Today the whole budget of 600 has been spent before 3 pm. Incomprehensible. I have never had an experience like this.

Points note. My page has a very good score. So after that the paranoia comes to kick in.

Okay. He starts thinking of it's my mistake of the page. It's because I did something.

Then he's going to remember that two days ago maybe he changed the budget and he might think okay if I change the budget at 3 o'clock in the evening maybe this is going to cause issues. You know then the paranoia is coming. Ah there it is.

I launched two campaigns before yesterday. One at 200 and one at 100. The CPM yesterday did not move.

So he's giving all these points because he might think that maybe the fact that I launched two campaigns. One 200 and 100. Maybe it's influencing it you know because he doesn't have the general picture and this is also a problem that I had when strange things were happening in Facebook and they didn't have all of this network of people or people sending messages and everything or having a lot of accounts.

The CPM yesterday did not move and these two campaigns even made sales. The one at 200 was quite profitable and the other one a little less but still profitable. I just can understand how such stable CPCs can double overnight and especially that Facebook spends all the budget before 3 pm.

You cannot understand it because it has never happened before in such an extent and worldwide level. Have you ever experienced this kind of situation? No, it was the first time and ruined my whole Sunday.

How can we explain it and if so how do you react, try to get back to lower CPMs reducing the ads. Thanks again for your time and your knowledge. Thank you very much for sending me messages and stuff.

I really enjoy our communication and I'm really happy for your profits but welcome to the Facebook world that is going to take a little bit back from your profits because of that. I think that whatever I said so far in the podcast explains everything about it and also I made a video. I sent you a message that I will make a video which you most probably have seen which was the Monday video with the very good title.

Facebook f***ed up really hard this time just so that we can be on topic okay so that you can understand. Another message that I got from this video that you can see here. Already phased it twice this year and they deny the responsibilities and refuse to refund.

I think that you're referring to something else not something so global JM especially when you go abroad try talking to Facebook pro team but they are clueless. They are clueless that's true but I think that this situation is different because we're talking about a global situation. Then we go to Pailous, one of the main suspects of this channel sending messages.

I opened my ads manager and was shocked when all the daily budget was spent. Sorry guys sorry that I'm laughing but you have to understand that on Sunday I had a very difficult day. I wasn't laughing on Monday when I was reading your comment okay but I'm laughing right now I don't know.

To me now that we left it behind it's funny. Back in Monday and Sunday it wasn't funny. I opened my ads manager and I was shocked when all the daily budget was spent in like six hours lol but somehow I was still profiled so didn't need to pause anything.

Bro well done you are one of the few. Only two accounts of mine they were having this kind of results and I even told to the people that look this guys this is happening but you are not being influenced at all and they said okay have a nice day and I had to talk with all of the other people. Now let's talk a little bit about the refunds and then we will go to your questions and everything and then we will go to some other things that I have here which is questions and the freelancer dies.

On Sunday, this is a message from Facebook rep. On Sunday beginning 1am an issue caused some ads primarily on Facebook and to a lesser extent on Instagram so this is a very formal answer from this guy is not just a Facebook rep is a manager of Facebook reps so his message is a little bit better and the message that we will read after that it's also coming from very high from the bigger spend accounts. To have higher variability in spend and delivery.

The issue has since been resolved and you should see that your campaign delivery has returned to normal across platforms including on audience network. If you post your campaigns as a result of this issue you should now un-post them. So this was sent on Monday.

We are still investigating the overall impact of this issue and will follow up with details about refund eligibility so they are considering already and discussing within Meta about refunds. We have identified the root cause of this issue which was a problem with an automated system Guess what? Automated?

Okay. And we've put measures in place to improve our systems moving forward. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused and appreciate your understanding and patience during this time.

Of course the last sentence is always the same and it's a template answer. Let's go to the next one. The next one is also a message.

It says from very high in the hierarchy hierarchy of Facebook managers. As for the refunds, please be assured that the information about your campaigns have been passed to the appropriate team. At this point our internal teams including finance teams will start the process of consolidation of information and calculation of refunds.

So they're going to start seeing what everybody's saying. They're going to calculate the damage and stuff and they're going to decide something which is going to be applied to everyone like a percentage. It's going to be different for each one of them.

I highly doubt it. About the second one. So it says Since the issue impacted a lot of users globally, this process will take some time.

The consolidation and finding a good formula so that everybody can be happy and even if they are not happy, they're going to do whatever they think is fair. If the process is concluded by middle of May, the refund should be issued with the next payment circle by the end of the next month. So it really depends when they are going to do this.

So maybe we're talking about refunds that are going to come two or three or four months later. If the process takes longer, the refund should be issued with the payment circle after. Once the refund is applied to your ad account, you will see a corresponding notification in the ads manager on the top account view.

The refund might be issued in a form of anti-credits applied to your account or in form of reducing the outstanding balance for the amount of the refund. So they're not going to give you and they said here the refund will not be issued as a cashback on your credit card. They're not going to give back money to your credit card, just credits that you can use or it's going to be if you have a balance they're going to reduce this balance.

We sincerely apologize for any conviction. This may have cost and appreciate your understanding and patience during this period. Thanks.

It's the same exactly answer as the other one. So I think that this is what is going to happen with refunds. They're going to take some time.

There are going to be refunds for sure but in my opinion you should be on the process of first of all going to a Facebook rep if you have or to the customer support and task for refund. Go inside this. Secondly, bug them all the time about it until you get the refund but also keep it to your mind that this is going to take some time.

Last thing. Konstantinos got it. I'm currently working on new creatives.

Would it be best to launch them starting May 1st or is it okay from tomorrow? What do you suggest? So I told him most probably that a lot of people are going to start.

In my opinion, you should not wait for the 1st of May because this is just a speculation. Whatever we're discussing here it's a speculation. I cannot tell you that for sure there are going to be several issues for the people that they're going to launch new ads.

We're just trying to explain what is happening. So I believe that Wednesday was bad for that reason. Maybe I'm wrong.

Maybe it was bad for another reason. But I believe that you should not postpone it okay. If you want to launch new ads you should launch new ads now.

You should not wait because there is always going to be an excuse of running them later. Then later you might say that it's May. Maybe we should go to the 15th May for another reason or whatever.

So I think that if you have creators you should launch them and see by the results what you're going to do and keep trying. That's with the topic. It was stressful but now it's a history and it's a very good story to say all the time so that we can say how much we love to hate Facebook and we have this toxic relationship with it that you know the more it hurts us the more we want it okay.

So let's go to the questions. So we go to Bri. How many days spends it takes to train a pixel?

Super complex question to be honest with you. It can take months, it can take years to train a pixel. It really depends on how on what kind of level you want to train your pixel.

For example do you want to train a pixel for United States only or for a lot of countries because the demographics are different. Do you want to train a pixel for one product or several products? Do you want to train your pixel for one niche with many products, for one niche with one product or for many niches?

In which niche? Is it a small niche like people who have a specific dog breed or is it a huge niche which is all the people that they have a dog? So as you can understand the bigger the audience, the bigger the ideal avatar of your client is in terms of data, the more data you need with your pixel.

And I have seen pixels getting trained super fast for one item stores but I have seen pixels working there for years with situations that we have products that they are selling worldwide and it's taking years for the pixels to get trained. And also what do we consider trained? To go from interest to lookalikes because this is one of the training parts.

Going from lookalikes to broad targeting and working very well this is another thing. So all of this is taking time and it really depends on how big is the niche that you want to target, what kind of store do you have, how fast you are getting data, how much you are spending, how many counters you are targeting, if your niche is huge or small, if you're targeting several niches, if you're targeting a lot of products in one niche. So all of that.

Anyway, I have also videos about the pixel in my channel and in audience research that I explain it and you can watch those. Then we go to Parios that he has made a lot of questions here. The whole page is huge questions, let's see.

Kostantinos, could you give me some quick insights and thoughts how much potential my brand has based on the results of the first two three days. I've launched nine testing adsets with five dollars each. After three days spending 15 on each, I've generated seven sales and each adset has at least one autocad.

In overall, I was rose positive, didn't lose any money, thanks. The answer is no. I cannot tell you what is going to happen.

You should keep trying like this and you should see if you're positive or not and you should try to do more campaigns and stuff. But in general also your spends are very small so I wouldn't know. You need to start doing CBO campaigns, crazy methods and stuff in order to start seeing the true potential of that.

Next one. Enjoy the video. I've relaunched my ads today and the start of the day was great.

However, after around $30 spend, I started noticing a significant increase in frequency. Okay, I liked this comment. It was 1.11.

What could be the reason for frequency spikes? If the audience size is pretty big, $8 million, spending is low and I'm using automatic placements. Is this because Facebook is not finding my ideal customers at a certain period so it keeps showing ads to the same people?

If you consider 1.11 frequency hike and the spike also, what would you consider 4 frequency or 3 frequency? 1.11 frequency is nothing. Most of the cold traffic ads that you will be doing in this kind of budgets, they're going to have 1.2, 1.3, 1.4 but this is nothing because what does this indicate?

This indicates that basically you are having 100% of the people that have seen it once and if you have 1.4, 40% of the people they have seen it twice. A simplified way of... It's not working like this, but a simplified way of explaining it.

So, is it bad if in the last seven days somebody has seen your ad two times? No, it's not. And let me tell you also that if Facebook believes that Konstantinos is watching the ads and then watching the video and then he's clicking it again and then you know and that and he believes that he's also watching similar ads and stuff and it's showing it again because Facebook believes that this person is close to buy, well it's good.

I'm not saying that you should have 10 frequency and showing the ad to 10 times to the same people but here you're having 1.11, it's nothing. Okay, you should not be worried about it and it's not even something that we should discuss 1.11, it's nothing and you will see it all the time and at the end of the day you should also evaluate ROAS. Don't be fixated with the frequency just because someone said that two frequencies it's a lot.

It's not. The ROAS is something that you should see and if you're getting the results that you want because sometimes maybe you have a product that needs to show it more times to people or maybe your brand is fairly new and nobody knows you and they need to see your ad more. Many, many reasons for that.

So don't be fixated so much with the frequency, be fixated with the cost for purchase and the ROAS. And then it says, I understand that frequency can go up when you have, this is not going up, this is nothing, when you have a small audience or start scaling aggressively. So you burn through your...

Secondly, with 30 or 100 ROAS per day you're not scaling aggressively. Aggressively means that you have reached 100k and you try to go to 200k spent per month. Going from 20 to 50k it's not a lot of money, it's not a big scaling, it's easy.

So you burn through your... It's easy when your numbers make sense, okay, not when you have 0.8 ROAS and you want to scale while you want to maintain two ROAS from 30 to 50k. I'm talking about numbers that make sense.

And it says you burn through your audience weaker. No, you don't, you're just being paranoid with 1.11. For my budget I've reached 1500 people out of the 8 million audience size.

So I was actually expecting a frequency of one. You should not expect a frequency of one. You're not going to get a frequency of one because it's trying to retarget also people again for the second time, maybe third time, because it believes that these people are close to convert.

So it's targeting them again. And yeah, that's it. Don't be afraid about that.

Another question. Are you concerned about negative reactions to your post? For example, if your top reactions are either laughing or angry emojis, they will be seen right away under the post.

Is that something that could negatively affect your conversions or you shouldn't be concerned about that if the pixel is strong? So my answer to that is this. Initially, when the ads are starting, the first thing that Facebook has to see is the engagement.

So first of all, when you're scaling, you need to have somebody who's monitoring the comments because negativity, it's easily to spread. So if somebody comes there and says, this is a city brand and even if he never used it, it's easier for a second person, third person, fourth person to come and comment. It's like the psychology of the masses.

So if you see two people fighting on the road and one of them, one guy goes next to them and says, hey guys stop, then you will see another five people go there and try to stop it. But if you see at the beginning, there is this awkward moment that nobody goes there and they don't want to go there in order to help. So the same thing is happening with the comments because it's not like it's difficult for them to put a comment when they see somebody being negative.

They can go also and be negative because they feel like they are... It's okay now because somebody made the start. But making the start is a difficult thing and it's coming from people that they are toxic anyway or they have a very big beef with your company.

Now you should hide this comment. Again, I don't want to be misunderstood. You should not scam people and just hide the comments and stuff.

This is a completely different category. I'm talking about people that are going to be negative anyway. And the other thing is that when you're having a new campaign which is having engagement in the post, whatever engagement is getting Facebook cannot understand if it's positive or negative.

So Facebook is going to think that okay this post is getting engagement so I'm going to spend more money to it because it means that people like it. So it's getting more engagement, more chances of getting sales. If the engagement is good, this is good.

But if the engagement is bad and people are saying... I have the example of the t-shirts that I always like to say that I had a t-shirt once from one client that it had a spelling mistake because he had a guy from India doing his designs and everybody was mocking below and saying, oh my god, you don't know how to spell and blah blah blah. So it was having a lot of engagement.

But in this case, we were lucky because the t-shirt for some strange reason it was selling anyway. So we decided to stop the t-shirt and actually fix it and fix the spelling mistake and make new ones. And when we posted the ad, it didn't work again anymore.

Maybe in this case, even the negative engagement actually helped it to go viral and have sales. Of course, we couldn't keep it with the spelling mistake but I'm saying that during the time that everybody was having negative comments there and we were hiding or whatever, we were having very good sales. So it was fine.

But if you're having engagement which is bad and then you're seeing that you're not having good results, that means that this engagement that you're having which is bad, Facebook is bringing people similar to this engagement. So you're keeping targeting people negative to a perspective of your product or your product or whatever. So imagine for example, a stupid example, imagine that you have a product for LGBTQ community.

Okay? And you have haters of LGBTQ community typing comments there. So Facebook thinks that it's engaging.

And guess what it's going to do? It thinks that these haters are engaging. It doesn't understand if it's positive or negative.

And if it thinks that, then it's going to target more of the people that they don't like the LGBTQ community. Okay? So you have to be able to monitor what is happening at the start and you have to be able to monitor the comments and everything and understand that sometimes you have to cut the negativity immediately in order for this not to expand.

On the other hand, you have to keep into your mind that sometimes you might see crazy engagement in an ad and spending a lot. But maybe the results are not there. You have to go and you have to see what kind of engagement you are getting and maybe you're getting negative.

This is why it's not converting. I hope that this explains it. Thanks for the quick response.

Would you be concerned about negative reactions? I remember I had a post with 3K reactions and most of them were laughing emojis, but it didn't seem to have any effect on conversion as the pixel was strong and optimized. So I already told you the case with the T-shirt.

If the reactions are bad and the rose is there, it's fine. Okay? And then it's up to the company to what kind of branding they want, if they care or not.

Okay? Next one. One of my posts has 15 comments and most of them were negative.

So there's only one visible comment. I've hidden the rest of them. So it could continue running ads to that post.

Or people could have skeptical views when they see only one comment out of 15. Because if you hide comments, the total number of comments is still visible. This is true.

When you hide the comments, you can still see that it has 15 comments, but you are able to see one or two that they are not actually hidden. Now, here you are making a logic jump. Because the fact that you know that, it doesn't mean that the other people know it.

For example, the fact that you know that when you see 15 comments and the others are not visible there, it doesn't mean that all the people know that you can hide comments or there are hidden comments and you're hiding them. For example, it's the same thing as people think about dropshipping. They say, but if I put this product, the people will know that they can go and they are going to buy it from Aliexpress.

The people that they know that, they will go to Aliexpress. They will not wait for your post or for your ad to go there. But there are a lot of people that they don't know about Aliexpress.

And these are the customers of dropshippers that they have stores. So, don't make the assumption that because you know something, everybody else knows it. They don't.

There are a lot of companies that they are actually working like this in the ignorance of people. For example, in Amazon, there are a lot of people that they are buying things from Walmart that you can also go and buy from Walmart. And they are selling them on Amazon in an expensive price getting a profit because people just go and buy from Amazon instead of buying from other places.

Okay. I think that one guy that started one company like that, it was a guy with diapers that he was buying all the diapers from Walmart putting on Amazon. And then he didn't have enough capacity of doing it because his orders were becoming more and more.

So, he made his own diaper. But he started like this because people were just buying from Amazon diapers while he was buying on Walmart and everybody could go buy there. Okay.

So, there are a lot of times things that people don't know. Okay. And this is always happening.

So, don't think that people are going to say... It's like you're saying, for example, okay, I'm using the booster theme for my template on Shopify. And because you have done research, you know it or you know other people that they are doing the same job, they are using it.

And you're saying, oh my God, if somebody comes to my store on Shopify, they're going to see that I'm using the booster theme and they're not going to think that it's something special. They don't know booster theme. You know it, that you are inside the niche.

Then we go to Paolo. Hello, Constantinos. I've got a question.

I use post IDs with normal ads like this. After you publish your first set of ads, wait two minutes, then refresh the page because of the process. Select all the ads and click Edit.

At the end level, on the Ad Setup tab, click on the drop-down menu and select Use Existing Post. For using the post ID on Dynamic Creatives is the same process. You cannot find the post ID from the Dynamic Creatives.

It's one of their disadvantages. And sadly, I explained this to you in the comments, but you cannot do that, sadly. Because it has all of these combinations and everything.

Hi, Constantinos. Don't you think it's good to have stop-loss rules and be on top of your ads at the same time, but just having the stop rules for precaution? No, I don't like them.

I just believe that I like Facebook ads and I like to be on top of them. Whenever I have seen stop rules, they are always causing a problem because for some reason they are being triggered when they shouldn't be triggered and it doesn't make any sense to me, at least that I'm always watching the ads 24x7. Hello guys, I'm new here.

I'm an affiliate market, newbie one. I'm here because I want to master Facebook ads. Welcome.

I have a question. Do the ad accounts optimize like the pixels and the campaigns? If yes, it will de-optimize when inactive for x time.

No, it's not going to. First of all, they're not optimizing like pixels, but they're having behaviors. For example, and this comes from from one assumption that we make.

We know that Facebook says that if you're not having a good Facebook page score or if you don't pay your bills in time and stuff, you're not considered a good advertiser, so you are a threat for the community and they're not going to give you good quality traffic. We know that Facebook can do that because of the Facebook pages and the quality score. So the assumption here is this.

If you're spending a lot of money for a very long period without having rejected ads or problems to your payments, then you're considered a good advertiser and you're going to get normal or good quality traffic. But for the ad accounts that they are new, for the ad accounts that they are having problems, issues and everything, you're not going to get the best quality traffic because the best quality is going to go to the good advertisers, so they're going to be continuous spending. So the ad accounts, they have behaviors.

They don't have training. They're not getting trained into your ideal avatar. They just have better results because they're having better quality traffic and sometimes you might see behaviors that they have.

For example, you see that one of the accounts is working only with Advantage Plus. This is something that I have seen and doesn't work with anything else or it's working only with campaigns that they are having lifetime budget. This is only once in my life.

I have seen it. Whatever else you could do, only lifetime budget was working. So they have behaviors and they are not getting trade.

And no, they're not going... I have seen all the accounts that they have stopped for two years and then you run ads again and they are totally fine. They're keeping their good score.

Then we go to the next question. Is it better to target the USA only and there are other English countries separately on another campaign? To be honest with you, what I like to do is this and there are two reasons for that.

I like to segment them into different time zones. So United States with Canada can go together. Canada, United States of course is very big so it can go alone.

So there are three reasons that we have them in separate campaigns. Then we have Europe. United Kingdom can go alone and the whole rest Europe.

But maybe you can do different campaigns because of the language there and the fragmentation. And then we have Australia and New Zealand that they can go together. There are three main reasons for that.

First of all, now I think of another one so it's four. So basically language. Language can be one barrier especially for the Europe that we have a lot of fragmentation with different countries, different languages and stuff.

Maybe you want to do ads on this language so you have to do different countries. Second thing is the time zone. So if you put United States, if you put Germany and if you put Australia, the prime hours of these ads are in different time zones.

So 5 to 11 o'clock in the night which is the prime hour, it's going to be on a completely different time from the same one on United States. So the ads, when are they going to spend the majority of the budget or when the sales are going to come from the prime time zone. So I don't feel like it's spending in a proper way like this.

The other thing is when the ads are resetting. So if your ads are resetting during the prime hours of United States for example, this is an issue. The other thing is when you are going to start your ads.

You should not start your ads for example at 6 o'clock in the morning for United States and 6 o'clock in the evening for Australia. It doesn't make any sense because they are starting on different time zones. And the other thing is that of course the size.

If you are grouping together for example Slovenia with United Kingdom, most of the budget is going to go into United Kingdom because for Facebook it's easier to spend there. So when you have very big countries with smaller ones, most of the budget is going to go there unless if you have an enormous amount of budget like 50k per day. Okay, in one campaign with all of this budget then yes, it's going to target a lot of different counters.

And then for me it's also the different demographics which is also the reason that I like to have different pixels. So I like to have a different pixel for United States and different pixel for United Kingdom because the demographics and the ideal avatars are changing from country to country. Just to give an example, and this is also forcing to have different ad accounts.

So just to give an example, the ideal avatar of a vegan mother in the United States is completely different from the ideal avatar of a vegan mother in United Kingdom or in Germany. So you need to have also different pixels and ad accounts and different campaigns for that for these reasons. Of course, if you're having big budgets, if you have small budgets, it doesn't make such a big change.

Then we'll go with Alan. Costantino, since these are bots, fake people triggering the purchase event, do you recommend using the default purchase event as an objective or use a custom purchase event that counts only those who really purchased? I'm using an integration with Zapier that counts only who really paid but since the results got pretty worse, maybe Facebook doesn't work well with Zapier.

So Alan, I haven't seen good reporting with Zapier. In my opinion, that's a very tricky question because for example in India, there are a lot of times people that they do fake orders or in Pakistan or in Philippines. I have seen it.

I haven't seen it in the Arab countries like United Arab Emirates and stuff but most of the times it's happening on the countries that they have custom delivery for example. You might see an order. Facebook is optimizing for this kind of people but it's not okay because these people they didn't receive their orders so you're optimizing with more broke people that they cannot buy or whatever.

Anyway, I don't like to use these expressions of broke people and stuff. Maybe let's say people that don't want to pay or whatever we may call them. So the thing is that it's very difficult to be honest with you because at the start I had the opinion that you should leave them even the fake ones because it's still data.

Then I realized from these accounts that when I was leaving them it was an issue because it was optimizing for the same people doing fake orders and it was making things worse. On the other hand, Zapier is not doing this very well. One thing that I have done it was I was doing relances all the time whenever I was seeing that fake orders were starting to pile up again in an ad.

I was closing it doing it all over again. So I think that this is something that you should do to combat it or have other ways like filtering in the checkout how you are going to stop them. But in other words, I don't find any other solution for that and Zapier is not a good reporting platform.

I think relances is one way. When you see that a lot of fake orders are piling up again, you stop it. Then we go to Paolo.

Hello, Costantinos. Little newbie question. CBO with dynamic, creative and different interest or advanced plus for new pixels.

If I missed a video about strategies for new pixels, so you don't have to apologize. I'm still watching all the content. So for new ad accounts and new pixels, I think that it's a must to try advanced plus campaigns.

Maybe they are not going to work because it's a broad targeting at the end of the day, but I think that still you have to try it because it has lower CPMs and in new pixels CPMs are actually higher because it's much more difficult to find the ideal people for your product instead of a trained pixel. A lot of times when a pixel is getting trained then you can see the CPMs dropping because it's easier for it to find people that they are going to do impressions for a specific niche or for your specific product. So based on the fact that advanced plus is broad, you should try it but not be fixated with it and if it doesn't work, you should go away from it.

On the other hand, we have the CBO dynamic creative, which is going to give you the chance of going to interest and to lookalikes and eventually to broad. When you go to broad again, of course you will try again advanced plus but if you see that advanced plus is not working, be my guest and try the traditional campaigns with CBO and interests. Next one.

Hello, quick question please. Why sometimes we got a very high CPM cost? I just answered that, I guess.

Yes, if your pixel is untrained then you're getting a high CPM because it's much more difficult for your pixel to find ideal customers because it's a baby, it doesn't understand the ideal avatar of your clients. So that means that it's trying more, so it's much more difficult to find them, so the CPM is high. If you're having a trained pixel though, it's easier for the pixel to find these people because it has so much data, so the CPM is lower.

CPMs also get high based on the competition. So if you are targeting in a very competitive market like skincare for example, if you don't have a good offer or if you don't have a good pixel, of course you're going to have higher CPMs. You might have higher CPMs also in months that people for example advertise more.

You might see for example that, and this is happening a lot, for example in February we had very good results and because of the fact that we had very good results everybody was talking to their friends and saying how much they're winning from Facebook ads and what they're doing. So everybody started doing ads on March. So that means that because of all the people and the higher spend, what did we say at the start of the video?

That when all the spend went from the whole day to just a couple of hours, you have seen what happened with the CPMs because everybody was spending more money. So when we spend more money in a month or in a day, comparing to what the market can absorb, of course we're going to have higher CPMs. So Facebook is doing always that okay.

Let's put it like this so you can see it. So it's doing always that and when Facebook is doing that it's because people are coming, some of them are going to be disappointed and they are leaving and so on and so on okay. So we're having times that Facebook ads are doing very well because some people that they were not making money they left and so on.

So Facebook ads it's an expensive platform and that means that only those who can afford it they can advertise and if you cannot advertise then you don't advertise on Facebook and the people that they actually make money because they have better numbers, because they have better products, because they have better offers, they are making money, they still advertise. So we have this balance of the market as we call it which means that whoever is not making money it's not advertising. But from time to time people are going to try okay.

So when they try more people are spending money for the same amount of customers. So if you have done math in this scale we have the it goes like an x over here it's the demand, the sales and the demand okay. So whenever you are having more sales it goes up, whenever you have more demands it goes down.

You can check this kind of equation or graph, it's a graph and you can understand it more. But this is the same thing that is happening on Facebook and it's like a market that whenever you know people are leaving it's having a better results for everyone because just less people are advertising and this is how the CPMs are working and they are influencing all of our results. Last question.

Hello Kostantinos, why not using the crazy method for scaling? We're using the crazy method for scaling but here he's referring to my video that I did recently about Advantage Plus where I'm telling that you can actually scale Advantage Plus as ABO campaigns and you can touch the budget and take it from 200 to 400 or whatever because most of the times when we have a CBO campaign I'm against of doing that, taking a CBO campaign that has already optimized with a balance and take it from 200 to 300 or 400 whatever. So in Advantage Plus I have seen, I have tested it, it's working and because it's an ABO campaign after all with only one ad set and you can do that.

And he's saying that why don't you use the crazy method for scaling? What do you think about choosing three or four best performing creatives with highest rows then creating new three four campaigns where you duplicate its winning creative five ten times? Will this work better?

So he's referring to doing a mix of crazy method for example and Advantage Plus with the best creatives. You can do both, you can touch the budget if you wanted the Advantage Plus and I think you should see the video. I'm going to put a print screen here of the video and I think you should see the video and understand it and then while you see this question you will understand that you can also do the crazy method over here.

I just disagree with the fact that you have to do three or four campaigns. Just do one, see if it's working, then do another one, see if it's working and so on. Also in my opinion you should think also about scaling not only with the creatives that you have, but with new creatives and so on it's more sustainable.

But if you think that you're not taking enough money for the success that you are seeing in one campaign, scale them with this way or the other whatever you feel it's better for you. That's all with the questions. How much?

73. 73. So last one, let's go for the Freelancer Diaries.

Here we have looking for the best media buyer. Of course you do. Looking for the best media buyer to create and place ads in places that will grow my clients bottom line.

We are starting as a performance based agency. Of course you do. So we will make money when we make my client money.

So if you're confident in your work, we shouldn't have a problem with getting results from my client. I want to be the best so I must hire the best. I'm selling results plus quality.

If you think you can help me deliver on results, respond with why I should hire you. So here we have the typical behavior of somebody saying I'm going to make an agency and I'm going to tell to everybody so that I can close them that if I don't give you results, I'm not going to get paid. Okay.

It's the best thing to do, you know, the best strategy. And then what am I going to do is I'm going to take all that risk and put it in a freelancer so that I can blame him. Not me, not me that I'm taking this decision of saying okay I'm not going to get paid, but I'm going to blame the person who is doing the job because if for example somebody is selling this glass for $500, okay, if somebody is crazy, okay, and he's selling this for $500, I should make it work.

Okay. This is what he's saying over here. And he's saying that if this doesn't work then it's the freelancer's fault for not doing the job.

So this is the toxic behavior that we have from all of these idiots, because we're talking about an idiot over here, who is taking a course and he says I'm going to do nothing because you know it's completely different of closing deals about people and selling them ad services and completely different of making false promises and saying if it's going to work, it's going to work. Okay. Because you're actually asking if you want to, if you're so sure about your model, why don't you pay your freelancer and you take the risk of not getting paid.

I think it would have been a much better solution. And that's the problem with all of these idiots that they go out there and they have an agency and they are talking about this kind of things. And sometimes it's not even their fault because they have seen this kind of things inside courses for agencies or whatever.

Let's go to the next one. It says Facebook Ads Media Buyer. Hey everyone, we're looking for a media buyer for Facebook that can work good with both B2B and B2C Ads.

I need guarantee results as I have an agency and we give a really good offer. Of course you do. A really good offer for who?

For the client I'm guessing. Okay. We have a killer team of closers.

I can be a killer closer in your team also. Okay. I can go in meetings and I can say you have nothing to lose.

Take us and if we don't get any results you don't pay us. Is this a killer team of closers? And now need the appointment to roll through.

This is full commission and we pay per client that we get. So that's all I had. I'm not going to comment anymore on these idiots because they trigger me.

And guys, that's all the news with the situation on Sunday. And this is what I did. This is what I think that you should have done.

These are the news about refunds. A little bit of context of how I actually managed during the day. Your questions and I hope that we will have another topic the next week and we will not still be continuing talking about that and we will leave this behind.

Be creative, be consistent and I will see you guys in the next podcast. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is.

The next podcast up is phare and scrolls up.