Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, another podcast with myself alone talking to you. So I'm going to start by saying the most important thing that I have heard for the last 365 days.

I'm going to start talking like I'm a custom audience in the last 180 days or 365 days or 220 days for us. So I've heard and I've tested and I haven't found it on my own. I started seeing some comments.

One of the comments was this one that was saying, bro I switched to HTTPool ad account and I don't have a limit to Advance Plus campaigns. I'm currently running 13. Did Facebook change that or this is a special feature of being an HTTPool member.

No, it's not a special feature and I must tell that I went immediately to one of my ad accounts and then I started duplicating Advance Plus campaigns. I reached up to 15 then I did another one, another one. So guys, apparently the limit to Advance Plus campaigns has been removed and I hope that it's going to stay like this.

But this is huge, you know, this is huge in terms of us being able to scale more and more and more ad accounts. Also, I do believe it's actually, you know, all of these people they talk about consolidation and they talk about one campaign strategy for ad accounts and all of that. But at the end of the day, we see that more and more people are asking from Meta to do changes so that they can have more campaigns.

I don't know the exact reasons that they have led them to actually allow more Advance Plus campaigns. I know that I'm going to use it heavily for expanding to 1 million spend per month ad accounts easily with that. And I know that no matter what they say about consolidation or the people that they follow consolidation and all of that, we are seeing that the company is making changes that they are not favoring consolidation.

So I do believe that this is a very good news for everyone and I'm going to use it heavily. I have done up to 15. I don't know what's the new limit or if there is a limit, but you know, we will see.

Fun part is that when I went to Meta in Dublin, they told me that there is no way that this is going to happen and that there is no point of this happening and stuff. But I guess there are other people also asking about it. And the other thing is that I believe that it was a necessity because I have seen how much these campaigns can do and they said, okay, let's give them more because they're going to spend more money.

At the end of the day, for Meta, it's all about money. Now, before we go to your questions, I would like to discuss two things. First of all, one of my friends lost one of his ad accounts.

If you watch this, don't cry, man. It's fine. It's happening all the time.

Lost that account to an agency that gave a lower price and the free audit and stuff. But he still has access to it, you know. And the fun part is that these people, they have went there.

And despite his campaigns and stuff that there are on the ad account, there are other campaigns that they were older than even when he joined, they were there. And he left them and all of that. And they went there and they closed all of the campaigns and they're going to start doing new campaigns.

I have seen this kind of things being mentioned also on Reddit from people. And it makes me think that these people have never done this many times to actually understand how catastrophic it is so that they're not going to do it again. So whichever agency took this at account, most probably it's an agency that doesn't have experience or the ad buyer doesn't have experience, it doesn't matter.

The problem is that when you go in a campaign that is operating there for six, seven, eight months, you cannot just close it in another account and just do the things that you want immediately trying to push your strategy and all of that. You have to be much more clever than that. And the point here, the point that I'm trying to make is that my strategies, your strategies, another strategy, it doesn't matter if you go in another account and just close everything and you try to do this strategy, it's going to fail.

Even if it is the best strategy in the world, it's going to fail compared to an ad set or a campaign or an ad that has been there operating for six months. There's no way that you can win that. Okay?

So most probably what's going to happen is that this agency is going to fail miserably in the next month. They are not going to be able to have the results that the campaigns had before, unless if they are lucky and the month is very good. The other thing is that you have an ad account which is operating, for example, with two, three, four K per day and you just close everything, how are you going to replace all of this budget with new campaigns?

Just do your new campaign, close one from the past, do the new campaign, close one from the past and eventually maybe you can be able to replace all of them. But closing all of them, stopping immediately the revenue of the company and the scaling that was done and try to start all over again, I think it's the most stupid thing that I have ever seen and I have seen a lot of people doing it with catastrophic results. Now, most probably in one month from now we will know what happened and I will let you know.

But even if this ad account goes well, I'm not going to be convinced of doing that in any ad account in the future or whatever. And I'm pretty sure there are people that they are watching or listening to this podcast that they have experienced this from agencies, that they took their ad accounts and they just closed everything, ruining scaling that was done on the past six, seven, eight months, especially after the Black Friday period guys, okay, that ad account scales and stuff, you just go and you just ruin all of this progress. So we will see.

Last thing, one interesting thing that I want to discuss here, a lot of times we were discussing in the podcast and to the videos that I do that the first thing that Facebook is going to see in a creative in order to decide if it's going to spend more money to it and this is how it optimizes, it's the engagement. And a lot of times I have seen ads that by mistake, for example, they have a spelling mistake or they have something controversial, that they're taking more engagement and, you know, they do better. For example, there is one of the account right now that has one spelling mistake in the ad.

And while people below there are commenting that there is a spelling mistake and stuff, I don't know if I must say that, but basically this is a product that it's all about men's sex drive, you know, and all of that. And this product that it's going to help them go strong and all of that. So basically there's a spelling mistake in one of the ads.

And I was saying, wouldn't it be funny, for example, if we reply to the person that says you have a spelling mistake, haha, and all of that. Sorry, but I was typing it with my d***, for example. But let's say that you have, you know, some humor as a company, you know, and you write it.

Anyway, in that company, there is a spelling mistake on the ads, but the ad is doing exceptionally well. So we're leaving the ad there because it's just a minor spelling mistake. It doesn't change what we advertise.

And we leave it there. But we have seen that this ad is outperforming the others. I don't remember if I have ever told you the story of my t-shirt.

I was selling some t-shirts along with other things in one of my older stores and I was having a spelling mistake. And I was actually running ads with this spelling mistake. Everybody was saying, oh my God, it has a spelling mistake.

And the fun part was that it was in the teacher's niche. So they were saying, how can we wear a t-shirt that has a spelling mistake, all of that. It was selling like crazy.

I don't know why. And I then decided to say, okay, let's stop it. I will fix the spelling mistake and do it all over again.

At that point, I was using graphic designers from India. So sometimes I had spelling mistakes. And the fun part is that when we fixed that and we did new ads because we thought that this is a winning design, it never sold again.

So I was actually, since that point, started forming the idea that if something is working, you don't touch it even if people are mocking you, unless if it's hurting your branding in a very deep level. So this is what we do with this company. Also, we don't change it.

And there are comments below and stuff. Not so many, actually, in this case, but in the other case, there were too many comments. So I always thought that the engagement that you can bring in an ad, it's actually going to help you in certain cases, unless, yes, you know, a lot of times I see ads that they take a lot of budget and engagement immediately.

So they take also budget and I go on their hate comments and stuff. And then I remove it because it doesn't help it because Facebook doesn't distinguish the good from the bad engagement. You know, it just sees engagement, people commenting or sharing, and then it doesn't understand if it's good or bad.

So a lot of times you might go and you might see that an ad is taking 95% or 100% of the budget immediately on a CBO or an advanced plus campaign. And then you go and see the comments and this is the case because it has a lot of engagement. But there are cases that you have a spelling mistake.

So it just takes a little bit more, you know, of engagement. And this is helping a lot. I have seen it in several cases.

Most of the times, the reason that it was happening is it was because of spelling mistakes. But now I have thought of another way with another company that they're selling actually glasses like the ones that I'm wearing. So look at this picture over here.

They have done a picture and they have the glasses. But below you can see that the person is wearing... someone might think that in the one they're not wearing a shoes or they're wearing two different color shoes.

And I think I haven't tested it yet extensively, but I think that this one can be a scroll stopper. You know, you can create ads like these that are a little bit of controversial and they can stop people. They can comment, oh my God, you're wearing two shoes and stuff.

And this is not the type of bad engagement that is going to bring back bad traffic, but it's going to make people like a scroll stopper stop. And actually, you're going to be able to have more sales because you are creating a post which is going to become a little bit of more popular and viral instead of you having two normal shoes. I hope that you understand what I talk about and maybe it's going to help you you know, take some ideas out of it and try to see how you can use it for your own businesses.

But I think it's a very clever idea to get some more engagement. Another thing that a lot of people do is that they do a post and then they start posting below that comments, testimonials and stuff from their clients and stuff. And then they're boosting the post in order to have sales.

I'm talking about doing several comments and you know, you can go for example and you can do... That was actually one of the ideas that I had, but I have never done it. Maybe some of you is going to do it.

I was thinking of creating an AI program that is going to go and actually create different comments and different likes and all of that to posts so that you can start your posts advertising with 20 or 50 comments or 60 comments instead of starting with zero for example. Okay. And in that way, you were going to have better results because you're having already.

Now people are doing it either with AI or they are doing it with manual work with people adding comments to that and then advertising it. Another way is to... Okay.

I have some comments in one of my ads. I know that they're real and stuff. So I'm just transferring them to a normal post which I'm posting it to my page so that I can always use it because the other post has been created by doing ads.

There are several ways of doing that and the engagement that you can have initially in a post is going to help you a lot actually take more sales. But also think of this idea of actually creating posts without adding them by just adding something which is a little bit of controversial over there and people are going to talk about it. Now, some might say that okay but this is going to take the attention away from the product.

I disagree because the data shows otherwise. So for example, the same thing was happening with the spelling mistake but the data shows that people can still buy. So it's a good idea for you to test and if you have ideas like this, maybe you can do some creatives and you can start testing them because they're going to get more engagement from normal ads.

That's all I had about the main topics today. Let's go and let's see your questions. On my last video about how China influences February, I'm talking about the Chinese New Year.

All of you that you are watching and listening to the podcast, you know what we're talking about. I have been saying this for months. I still get messages from people telling me I didn't know that and all of that.

I don't know how but anyway. One person here says, as a newer ad account definitely seen CPMs go down by 15 to 20% overall, performance is better. I got a message today.

I believe that they were telling me that the last week for them this one was bad. I disagree. I didn't even reply to this comment because what should I tell them?

That I'm sorry. That be toxic and tell them that on my end I see very good results. So I'm going to avoid replying.

If they hear it now it's fine but I'm not going to reply. Most probably it's going to be one of the few comments that I have never replied there because there's no right answer for them right now. What to tell them that I'm doing really well.

On the last week I'm doing very well with my ads and it's improving more and more and more across accounts. I'm very happy and relaxed right now, not even stressed and they have problems with that account. What should I tell them?

Oh my God, you have the problem. I don't know. On the other hand, you might say it's going to help them but you know, going and ruining the psychology of someone who is doing ads is never good.

So let's go guys. The results are getting better and better for sure, for me at least and we will see if it's going to continue. Next question.

Some gurus say you need to have one main ad set and one DTC ad set on the same campaign. When you turn off a bad ad from DTC and move the winner to the main ad set and repeat, the internet is so confusing. The problem is what I said in the other, everybody has an opinion okay and they form an opinion based on the results that they have seen, based on the things that they know or based on the ad accounts.

I just have an opinion which is which is a mix, you know. Maybe if you run ads in a very small country and you need to have only one campaign okay. If you run ads in the United States and you want to scale to half a million, if someone comes and tells you that you can do that with one campaign, well they're lying.

The problem here is this, when you talk to these people, I believe that these people that they talk about one campaign and stuff, they try to explain Facebook ads in such a small level so that people who do 100 or 200 per day, it's easy for them to understand it and this is totally fine. But when you talk to them okay and you tell them for example, what if you spend half a million per month, are you going to do only one campaign? Then they tell you no, on that case we might have to do more campaigns and stuff and then you tell them okay, you go in another account that already spends 250k per month and they have 10 campaigns.

What are you going to do? Are you going to close all of them and just do one campaign? They tell you no, I'm not going to do that.

So if you start making questions to these people, you will see that they're not doing one campaign. Most probably they are talking to people that they are, doing 100 or 200 dollars per day campaigns and if they want to have in that kind of spends one campaign, it's totally fine guys okay. Also in which countries?

If you want to do this in Greece, okay. If you want to do this in Australia, okay. But if you want to do this in the United States with only one campaign, maybe it's not okay.

Maybe you have to do more you know because it's a huge audience. If your pixel is that well trained, yes, you can do maybe even one campaign in smaller spends in United States. But if your pixel is not trained, maybe you have to do several campaigns or different adsense inside in order to see.

I just don't like when we take one scenario and we put it in all of the different cases that we might have. So that's my answer to you. There is not one truth.

There are several people that they tell their truth including myself and you have to follow all of them and see what is better for your ad account. Next one. I'm impressed with your content friend.

Thank you very much. I'm from Brazil where we have advanced knowledge but very superficial. Where marketing gurus don't have as much experience but speak as if they did and an audience with low purchasing power.

Okay. Following your content, I'm having excellent results selling new books to the USA using AI. This is a new thing by the way.

Does it bother me as a person who wrote a book without an AI? Not at all. If the AI book content is better, so what?

If the human defines better ways of creating books, so what? But if the AI is creating books just to recycle content from the internet and stuff, maybe it's also powerful but I think that one major thing here is that we need to find a regulation over here that's going to say that this came from AI or this came from a human for example. Okay.

The only question I have is this. But it's a good model I see also. It really bothers me because I see one or two people selling it as a course which means maybe it doesn't work because when you see something like too good to be true like doing dropshipping or all of this in a course, most probably it doesn't work anymore and they try to make money now from the courses.

Of course, we cannot say the same thing about Google Ads or Facebook Ads or TikTok Ads or whatever when they have courses. It's the same thing as having graphic design or I don't know, wood carving school. Okay.

All of these are skills that you get but I'm talking about businesses, you know, MLMs, dropshipping, all of these things, you know, that they promise that you make money. Most of the times if you see something like, okay, I think I have seen one video from an old friend called Anton. He had made a video saying that most probably if you see a video that says that you can make a lot of money without doing anything, they're trying to take your own money, something like that and I totally agree.

It was a nice video by the way if you watch it Anton. So yeah, let's, but I think that it's a good model because I have seen only one person advertising the courses. The only question I have is this.

Imagine I have a campaign where I validated an audience. So using the CREASE method in CBO, I duplicate the campaign to scale vertically but the hot pockets in the new campaign don't generate conversions or generate expensive checkouts. Should I wait 24 to 48 hours or do I kill the campaign and duplicate it again?

Or do I duplicate sets in the same campaign again to find new hot pockets? You're not going to duplicate something in the working CBO. Secondly, if you say that you should wait 24 or 48 hours, most probably you haven't even waited some hours.

So I think you should evaluate it in the 48 hours mark and see if you're having any sales. And the last thing is you need to watch my videos about CBO optimization and see if it's worth it for you to optimize it. Do you have, for example, any strong ad that got some sales?

Even if all of the others are bad, if you have one ad with a lot of spend that had sales over there, then maybe it's worth it. And if you do this again and again and again, don't use the crazy method again. Maybe it doesn't work for your case.

Supposedly, it has to work for everyone, okay? Because you just take something that's working and you put another. Or maybe you have picked the wrong interest that you think that is working.

For example, it had two or three sales without any volume and you just said, okay, this is a successful ad. You know, in order for you to use something in the crazy method, it needs to have volume and good draw as if it has those two, that means that you can expand it more. I guess that's the things that I want to tell you and let's keep exchanging messages and we'll see how I can help you more with that.

Very insightful. Thanks, Konstantinos. How soon can you duplicate a campaign?

If it's after your campaign is fully optimized, how many adsets? So he knows the answer and he knows that I'm going to say you can duplicate it after it's fully optimized. So he says, if it's after your campaign is fully optimized, how many days would you usually consider a campaign is optimized?

Assuming CPA is good already. This is a personal response problem that is watching a lot of my videos because he's answering already. The answer though is going to be the same.

There's not how many days, it's how many days it's going to take you to actually optimize it, you know, be left with the two or three ads or all of them, I hope it's going to be, that you are going to live. It's not about the days, it's about the results. So when you reach the point that you have a campaign, that you have seen that, okay, I cannot optimize it further.

I want to leave it with three adsets and this kind of spend. And it has the results also that you want. Yeah, that's the answer.

Hey Konstantinos, love the videos. Thank you very much. Guys, thank you very much for all the love.

I've been taking so much love from you. It's so nice. And we have such a nice community.

I have seen that in the past months, the questions are getting better and better and I'm so happy for that. Even if it is more workload for me, it's boring for me to answer a question, you know, which is very basic. But when I see, hey man, I'm thinking of that and that and that and this and that and I see that you're trying to think things to go deeper and stuff.

I'm very happy about it because I love getting into this kind of discussions. So thank you very much for all the love guys. I really appreciate you all.

Just a quick question. Why do new sales campaigns start well with a purchase or two from an ideal customer in my target market, but then stop the next few days after. But it's around 35 to 50 a day Australian dollars.

Also using interest on Adset cause new account and new pixel as your recommendation to test Broad wasn't working. So first of all, we see here a person that is actually listening. So we say that in a new pixel, don't go immediately to interest.

Test first Broad and see if it's working, but if it doesn't go to interest. So he has done that and he has seen that with interest he's getting better results. Good for you.

Do whatever you have to do in an Ad account in order to work. Don't listen to anyone that tells you that using interest is stupid or all of that. Just test in your Ad account.

Maybe it's going to work better. Now, that being said, why do we have better results? Because first of all, you have a new pixel, which means that it's going to take more time for the pixel to give you stability in the Ad account.

Stability is something that you get with trained pixels. In a new pixel, and based on what I see, you have also a small budget, so it's fairly new. That means that you are having good results.

No, it doesn't mean you're having good results in the first 24-48 hours because this is how Facebook is working. I have a video where I'm analyzing this. Basically, the concept, long story short here, is that you have a new pixel, okay?

And your pixel doesn't know who to target. So what does Facebook do? It helps you, okay?

It gives you the low hanging fruits in the first 24-48 hours because Facebook doesn't want you to just kill your campaign or stop advertising. They want you to have some results. So they give you some push because Facebook is working with consistent sales.

So it says it found the sale with Konstantinos, then it was Konstantinos and my employee behind the camera, which I was going to tell their name, but maybe they don't want to expose their name, so I'm not going to say it. So it's Konstantinos and his employee, and then it's Konstantinos, his employee, and someone else, and it continues like this, like a chain. So we do have this thing, but it's very difficult for Facebook to find the initial sale without a push, you know?

Especially if your pixel is new. So this is what Facebook does in the first 24-48 hours. It gives you some sales, the low hanging fruits as we call them, because Facebook knows exactly well who is going to convert or not.

If they didn't, they were not going to be such a powerful platform. And what is happening after that is that they say to your pixel, okay, now you're on your own and your pixel is not good enough, so it stops. And you have to do this process again and again and again, taking these sales for as long as you can.

Don't ask me if you can do it every 24 hours, because it's going to understand it, it's not going to give you the same results. The point here is to be lucky enough to have some initial sales forming a strong hot pocket, which is going to last you for a long period, helping you train your pixel. After training your pixel, you will get the initial push, but it's also going to be something that your pixel can actually use to continue getting sales.

Now your pixel is not good enough. This is why it's failing after that. But yes, it's a boost that you get so that you can get your first conversions so that you can start having some data for your campaign to continue to optimize.

There is a video about that. You can go and you can watch it. You touch the point that I've always been curious about, Konstantinos.

We sell beauty devices and we've encountered some issues with ad account restrictions and rejected ads due to the personal health and appearance policy. Then I've adjusted the ad account settings and page settings to e-commerce. However, there is still a message at the ad optimization level stating that 60% of pharma, biotech and healthcare companies are using this optimization and this is quite concerning to me.

I haven't seen a message like this. I told the Facebook support team, please do not label us as pharma company and they said that you have to try to refresh your ads manager at top right corner. Do you recommend that?

Okay, now I see why I put this comment. Guys, a lot of times when you talk with people on Meta, you have to understand that these people may have done a very basic training. They have never run ads and at the end of the day, after their job, they're not going to care if they ruined your results or your company.

So what they propose here is to go on the right top and click reset ad account. This is the most stupid thing that you can do into your ad account because basically it's resetting everything. It's like a nuclear bomb, okay?

It's resetting everything and the problem here is that they are so eager of actually proposing that again and again. It's like when you have a problem with your PC, what do you do? You press reset or you press the shutdown button if it if it frozes, you know, and then you open it and everything as well.

Well, this is not the same with Facebook ads. In Facebook ads, we do care about having the longest session that we can so that it can keep this data. But in our PC, every new session is actually making our computer more fresh and we can continue with things that are stored somewhere else.

In the ads manager, you are losing everything if you reset. Not your pixel, but you're losing the history of your ad account, which is not okay. And I think that you should never do that whenever Facebook is actually proposing it because they do tend to propose it a lot lately.

Next one. Hi, Konstantinos. Thank you for the video.

Apologies for the many questions last week. When I found this channel, I changed my approach to Facebook ads and there's so many questions. Okay.

By the way, I have one more question. I've been... I don't bother the questions, man.

It's it's fine. I see you have another one here. Let me see.

No, this week you have been a good boy. You have done only two questions. It's fine.

I've been running an Advance Plus campaign for four days with good profits. That's good, you see. So all the questions...

I'm happy, you know. See, if you're making all these questions and it's working, f*** it. Let's do more.

It has four creatives, one dominating and receiving the entire budget, as you're showing in the Advance Plus campaign video. Should I increase the budget for the current campaign or would it be better to create another Advance Plus campaign and allocate budget to the creatives not receiving funds in the current one? Well, I would suggest you to do the second.

I just don't understand why... First of all, we said that if something is working, especially in a new ad account as yours or it's working only for four days, I wouldn't touch it, you know. These are lessons that you will learn, by the way, with the hard way because now you're going to hold all the other time but eventually you're going to do it because you will feel more confident and Facebook is going to f*** you up and you're not going to do it again.

So I'm cursing a lot today. I should stop cursing so much today. Today I overdid it already.

So this is one. So number two, I just keep seeing, I don't know if it's me, but I just keep seeing that you talk about three creatives, four creatives. Why don't you stop trying to spend more?

Don't get me wrong, you can totally go and duplicate it and run it without this ad. This is a strategy that we use. But why don't you focus on creating more creatives, for example, okay?

Try to create more creatives and do another campaign with more creatives and then another campaign with more creatives. I think it's going to be more sustainable for you to scale. Next one.

Hi, Costantino says, for all the information, I was wondering about point two. If an ad set works, you can duplicate it and start it from a higher budget. I guess he's talking about ABO optimization.

Doesn't duplication the exact same ad set in ABO campaigns cause overlap? Since we're using the exact same creatives in the duplicate ad set or are you concerned about overlap where the budget reaches a certain amount higher budget? I'm not concerned about overlap at all until I see bad results.

Of course, when you're duplicating the same with the same creative, yes, you have better chance of having overlap. I'm not worried about overlap at all when I'm duplicating with more creatives and stuff. But if we talk about overlap, you need to watch my videos about hot pockets and how they are being formed.

If you think that if you duplicate the ad in an audience of 20, 30, 1 million even audience and it's going to target the same people, then you are wrong. It's going to target some of these people, but the initial sales that it's going to get, it's going to help it form a hot pocket around it, which is going to help it guide and get more sales to that. So each ad and ad set, it's different on that way because you are targeting the same people, but on the same time you are forming a different hot pocket based on the results and the sales that it's getting to the optimization event.

Whoever doesn't believe that, they don't believe that an algorithm exists because the algorithm is there and it's optimizing towards that. So it's getting a sale and then after the sale, another sale and another sale and another sale. If you don't see that, then you believe in overlap.

But if you see all of that, then you cannot believe in overlap anymore. It's going to have some overlap in the base audience that it's going to target, but it's not going to be an overlap of optimization event, which is completely different. I hope it makes sense.

I have videos about hot pockets that you can watch. Context. Currently running IPO testing campaign with only one ad set.

If the ad set are 6 creatives for which one is the obvious winner. 9-11 conversion from this creative. Editing 9% of the budget.

Editing 90% of the budget. Broad targeting. Budget is low.

18 per day on the ad set. Ad set only been live for 7 days with constant higher than 3 ROAs. Thanks for providing all this value.

Thank you for watching. That's the problem of ABO guys. That for me, for example, the fact that this ad set is spending 18 only per day in an ABO campaign, it doesn't make it a winner ad set.

In order for you to see if this ad set is a good ad set, you have to put it in a CBO and let it compete with other ad sets or ads in order to see if it is good. That's why I don't like to do ABO testing and I go immediately to CBO in order to test everything while I'm having sales. Kostantinos, thank you.

And when I duplicate it, when I duplicate it, I need to make sure the total spending of the account is not spending over 20%. Okay. I see the question.

So the question here is this. When you are duplicating and scaling in a campaign, do you need to keep also the total spend of... Should you go above 20% as a total spend in the ad account?

For example, if you spend 1000 across campaigns and you want to scale, should you spend with a new campaign to 1200 or 300, for example, 30% or 20% more? To be honest with you, all of that really depends on what kind of results you are getting. So for example, let's say that you are getting five ROAs and in reality, your break-even ROAs is two.

You can go in a much more aggressive way, like this. Okay. Most of the times I do keep 20% for the whole ad account only when I'm within my limit of spending and I know that it's very difficult for me to spend more or with higher budgets.

For example, spending 10K per day, 20% is only 2K. So it's very easy for you to do it then. But if you are spending 500, 20% is going to be very small.

So it also depends on how much you spend and on higher spends per day, you can do that. On smaller, I think that it doesn't matter. You just have to scale based on, okay, what has worked here?

A $500 campaign. Okay, I'm going to do another $500 campaign. Okay.

And also based on the ROAs, you know, you can be more aggressive if you're getting much higher ROAs from the ones that you want to see because you want to go for volume. And the ROAs is going to drop by the way, of course, when you do that. When you start a new ad account but with the same old pixel, you need again to test audiences and test campaigns because the ad account is new, no matter the pixel.

Also, what about the original audience and the Advanced Plus audience Facebook gives you? If you're asking me which one is better, I have a video about this. Oh, you're also Greek.

I see you have made one comment in Greek and then I told you I'm going to reply in English and you respected that and you are actually writing in English. Thank you very much for that, Antonare. Also, here you're talking about original audience and Advanced Plus audience.

So I do believe that I made a video about it. But let me tell you that Advanced Plus audience is something that I haven't seen yet giving better results from the original audiences, that you have better control over several settings. But I do believe that maybe later we can be able to use it with lookalikes and tinders together.

For now, I'm using the original audience in all of my ads if I'm not using Advanced Plus. The other thing that we're asking about the ad account, we have to separate what the ad account is doing and what the pixel is doing. Having a new ad account with the same pixel means that you can use exactly the same audiences, but the results that you're seeing being lower is because of the fact that the new ad account doesn't have the quality that the older ad account has.

The more an ad account is spending, the more you are considered a credible advertiser for Facebook and Facebook is going to give you better and better and better results. And this is happening because you're not a threat for the Facebook community and all of that. And you also spend a lot of money.

So you're a good client and you're getting the best quality traffic. The pixel is the direction of traffic. So first it goes, okay, let's say that you have a pixel which understands the phishingness.

First, the pixel goes to the phishingness and finds people there. But the ad account is deciding if the people that's going to be targeted there, they're going to be... I don't like the phrase good quality, but let's say they have money, they buy frequently and all of that.

So this is what the ad account is doing. How do we know that? I know it for a fact because I had an account that I was running the same ads between different ad accounts because I was having spending limit problems per ad account and I was trying to spend 30, 50k, 60k per day and it wouldn't let me because of spending limits.

So I was running in several other ad accounts to spend more money. Don't ask me now what ad accounts are those and stuff. I haven't done this for the past year, but I have done it for the year before.

I was trying to spend 60k in another account and it wouldn't let me. So what happened is that, okay, we asked from Facebook, but it took us some time to increase the spending limit. But I have seen immediately that I was running between different ad accounts and that in my first ad account, while I was spending 50k per day with very good results, when I went to other ad accounts with the same ads, the same pixel, the same everything, the results were not as close to...

And by the way, in the second ad accounts, I was spending 1k per day, in the other one only 250k because of a limit and the results were bad comparing to what I was getting to the first ad account, which was spending also 1,000 times more the amount that we were spending on the other. So I realized that the ad accounts, they also have a quality check within and you can go there and you can see, you can go there and you can have completely different results between ad accounts because of that reason. So this is what you are getting from a good ad account or a bad ad account based on how much this ad account has spent.

So no, I don't think, if you're using the same pixel, I don't think that you should use the same, you should use different audiences and stuff. Of course, it's never bad to have your main campaigns and tests on the site, but I also believe that most of the times the things that you have used in the other ad account, they should work in the new one, but maybe you're not getting the results that you get on the older ad account because this is a new ad account and still is not giving you the quality traffic that you want in order to have the results that you had on the previous one. That's all.

I think we covered it. Hi Konstantinos, thank you for providing so much value on your video. Thank you very much for watching them.

I heard a question, I run a CPO for adsets in that campaign, but the algorithm makes just one ad set spend 80% of the budget. The audiences for the ad set are cosmetic and fragrances. Could this be because of an overlap in the audience or should I run different audiences for different campaigns?

Thanks for your help. The big question here is, is it profitable? Because if it is profitable and you're taking 80% of the budget in one ad set, then this is a blessing, my friend, and you should not be worried about it.

You should be happy about it. Obviously, by doing this question, you... By the way, where's the overlap when it's taking 80%?

I just don't see any overlap here. But let's say that it's taking this budget and so on in an unprofitable way. This is why we learn CPO optimization or advanced class optimization because sometimes the algorithm, sorry, big algorithm, it's going to make a mistake.

Okay, so we are there to intervene. So if you go there and you have bad results and it's taking 80% of the budget, you just close it and you just see how it's going to work with the others. If you have good results, you don't care.

That's good, that's very good that it's taking all of this budget. Next one. Hello, based on your experience with clients selling digital products like ebooks, do you recommend this niche?

I have an idea for an ebook, but I have some doubts about whether I succeed or not using Facebook ads compared to the physical products that I'm currently selling. I have no idea, man. What are you asking me?

If you can sell a book or not? Yes, there are people that are selling books. The only thing that I can tell you, which I think that I told you also, is that if you ask me what I see most of the times, is that I can see that there are people that they are giving ebooks free in order to sell something later.

For example, for weight loss, for hate loss, for hair loss, hate loss. Nice. It would be nice if we have books for hate loss so that people would not hate the others.

So for hair loss or for weight loss or for all of that, we have ebooks that people are giving for free or for recipes for cooking in order to sell machinery for cooking and all of that. I have seen that. Pregnancy, all of that.

For example, that's a very good way. Let's say that you have a company that sells clothing for children, small childs and you're giving an ebook for the pregnancy for free. So basically, after that, you have the emails of all these women that they have newborn childs and they are going to buy clothes for a long period.

That's a good idea that you can mix it. But most of the times, ebooks are an introduction to a funnel so that they can sell to you something later. I believe the reason is because you cannot sell an ebook really expensive.

So the cost per purchases that you will get on Facebook are not going to make it profitable. Anyway, next one. Hi, Konstantinos, could you give me some advice if my testing and scaling strategy is optimal?

This is how I try to test and scale. I've noticed that broad targeting works the best for my product. Well done.

This is what I like to hear, that I noticed. I have tested it. I have done this and that and that and I have seen broad targeting is working better.

I'm not assuming it. I'm testing it. So I launched 100 per day crazy method with three adsets, tried five before but three seems to be the optimal number.

Perfect! And five different creatives. Okay, so far.

After three days, if I'm profitable, I duplicate 200 per day budget and keep duplicating until profitable. If not profitable, I start turning off bad adsets and then I just change and repeat the process. It sounds correct.

I just believe that if you do it a lot of times, all of your campaigns and your whole ad account is going to collapse. I think it's a little bit abusing and fast and I think that... Do you know what I would change for example?

Okay, you do this test with these five creatives, then you duplicate it once to scale it, then you have to stop. Don't keep duplicating after that. Then just let it run.

Okay? Then start all the process all over again. Don't just keep doing it again and again until you see that it's failing because eventually your whole ad account is going to start failing because you scaled too much the whole ad account.

And also it depends if it is the same product or different process and all of that. But if my approach is good, perhaps there is something you would definitely do differently. Many thanks.

This is what I would do in a different way. But as principle in this way, I think you are within good limits. I think you are abusing it a little bit without introducing super fast new creatives.

You need to introduce faster new creatives without trying to abuse the ones that they are working. One time duplication is going to be enough. Hi bro, when scaling and advanced plus...

But I'm very happy for your comment over here. It shows quality and way of thinking. Some people are going to disagree with you, but it's fine.

It's fine. For you it's working, man. So let them speak.

Hi bro, when scaling an advanced plus campaign, do you increase the daily budget by 20% or double the daily budget for more aggressive scaling? Or do you recommend duplicating the existing advanced plus campaign with higher budget? I recommend to do another advanced plus with more creatives.

Okay. Because all of you, you want to be a little bit lazy and not do many creatives. Do creatives guys.

Creatives are going to help you. Don't try to exploit something that is working. Try to think of it as my base.

Okay. This is my base. It's working.

I'm not going to touch it. I'm going to do another campaign with other creatives, other creatives, other creatives. This is going to help you.

This is going to make your ad account more powerful. Thank you for the video. Thank you for the video video, Konstantinos.

If I'm starting a new ad account and I use the pixel on my old ad account, you're trying to say, okay. No, most probably you're not going to have the same results. The pixel is okay to be used, be the same.

I actually had this discussion with one person that told me that they changed the pixel and they had better results, but we will see if this is the case. But to be honest with you, I think that until you train a little bit your new ad account for the reasons that we mentioned earlier in the podcast, most probably it's not going to be the same results for sure. Okay.

Let's go to the last questions. Hi, Konstantinos. I had a question about a CBO for a custom audience, such as a remarketing campaign with Facebook Engagers Adset.

In this case, also, is it better to test new creatives in a new adset with the same custom audience for Social Engager or in this case, would you implement a new creative to the same adset campaign? Thank you so much. So basically he's referring to whether if we have to use different creatives or retargeting or call traffic.

Most of the times I would go with a safer bet over here, which is to the creatives that are working in the cold funnel, 99% of the cases are going to work on the retargeting. So this is what I was going to do. Now, if you have the means, if you have the resources and all of that to do different creatives, go for it.

And let me tell you that there are also the case of different companies that they need to have different creatives because they have different stages on their funnel. So they start with a call. For example, the example that we gave earlier about the clothing for babies and the ebook, you cannot put the ebook ads when you're trying to sell clothing later.

So you will put the ebook ads to take the people and give them something for free or for $1 or for the shipping, whatever they offer is going to be. And then the retargeting to these people is going to be the clothing and all of that. So there are cases with different businesses that they cannot have the same products or the same creatives for the different stages of the funnel.

Then you have to use different creatives. In your case, if you have the same product, I would firstly use the creatives that they work very well on the cold traffic. And then if you have the resources and all of that, you can even have different creatives that they give an offer, special offer and stuff, try to convert more people from your retargeting.

But if you ask me, most of the time I would use the same creatives of the cold traffic. If I don't have different ones, that's the safest bet. Just don't go and start testing different creatives just because it's retargeting and cold traffic is different.

Next one. How Konstantinos, I could do with some advice. I sell software products in a fairly specific niche, music production software.

I have a new pixel about 10 sales so far. I have used interest targeting so far to get a sales which have generated three ROAS. Well done.

And you're selling a software products. Okay. If it's affiliate, maybe it's not so good, but okay.

But I'm unsure if I should be beginning to use broad targeting or stick with what's working until the pixel is more experienced. Do you have any advice? Many thanks.

Your videos are very helpful. Thank you very much for the comment. Guys, for all of you that you are posting as anonymous, it's totally fine.

Okay. Don't be embarrassed. There's also the way to post as anonymous if you don't want.

But we're also hiding the names, right? We do hide the names. We don't show your names.

But if you feel that you're embarrassed or anything, you can always post as anonymous. I have this option to my group. So don't hesitate.

Now, the situation here is this. I don't know if three ROAS is good for you or whatever, but at least you're getting sales, which means that we have some proof of concept over here. What do you need to do?

From time to time, you need to test broad targeting and see if it's working. But before that, you have to start pivoting to lookalikes. So for now, focus on interests.

If you have seen, if you have tested broad targeting and then you did interest and the interest are working better, focus on interest. Do interests. Do several interests.

Then take whatever is working very well from the interest and move it to crazy method. And eventually, when you have enough sales, enough sales, when you have more than 100, 200, 300 sales, then start moving to 1% lookalikes. Do CBO campaigns with 1% purchase, 1% auto-cutting, different adsets.

Then try to see if you can stack the 1% lookalikes. Then try to see if you can do stacked 5% lookalikes or 10% lookalikes. Then see when you're doing advantage plus and interest, if you're getting the same CPM.

Then if you get the same CPM, then start introducing more advantage plus to see if it's going to work and so on. But for a period, stick to whatever is working because if you do it in another way, it's going to be much more expensive for you. Okay, next one.

Hey, Constantinos. Two quick questions for you. I created an advanced plus campaign and advanced plus campaign and over time duplicated it to do some testing.

But eventually, I stopped one of the campaigns and one remained my primary perform campaign. I then decided to delete the campaign. I no longer need it and in doing so, lost both campaigns.

Does that mean the duplicate campaign is directly tied to the original campaign and if I delete the one, they both get deleted or did something else go wrong. Just don't want to make that mistake again. Most probably, you had the old one also ticked and you deleted both.

They are not tied and if you delete one campaign, you just delete one campaign. It doesn't auto delete any other campaign which was created from it. Okay.

I have a bunch of new, much improved video creatives for my advanced plus campaign. Do I add the videos to my existing advanced plus campaign or should I duplicate it and add the new videos to the duplicated campaign? If you have something working, you don't touch it, you don't add new things, on the other hand, they are not going to be tested properly because the budget has already been distributed in your working advanced plus.

So, even if you see it from the perspective of touching something that is working or from the perspective of testing efficiently your new creatives, you should not do that and you should go with a new advanced plus campaign so that you can test them efficiently. Next question. Hi, Konstantinos.

Yesterday, I watched your video about post ID and I'm eager to give it a try. I have a question though. What should I do in a situation where I have only one highly successful post ID with 200 likes and 50 comments while others are only two or four comments each?

Can I create such an advanced plus campaign like one add with a stronger post ID and other with new creatives or should I wait and I have at least five strong post IDs? Wait until I have at least five strong post IDs, what would be recommended? What would be the recommended way to use the one successful post ID?

You can use it immediately in an advanced plus. I wouldn't wait for others. I wouldn't group it with others because it's already getting a lot of comments and engagement and stuff so even if you add it with others most probably it's going to take all of the budget.

So it's totally fine if you use it alone and you can do other campaigns with your other ideas and the other things. This is what I would do. Especially now that we can do more than eight advanced plus.

Easily that would be a decision that I would take. Costantinos, US elections campaigns might ramp up around March thinking that we lead up profits for all of us but a solid experience for all of us but a solid experience for new media buyers. Hope you get to cover it a bit more and talk strategy around that time.

Love all the videos. Please keep up the great work. Thank you very much.

Let me tell you guys that there is no solution to the mayhem that is going to come with the elections. I have seen it in the previous September, not this September, in the previous September that we had elections with Biden. A lot of people are running ads because of the elections like a lot of us because it's United States and they have crazy budgets and the CPMs are skyrocketing to such high level that it's like a massacre.

We're all going to see crazy things in the ad accounts and very bad results and stuff. I'm thinking into my stronger ad accounts just to prepare my clients and tell them that guys will lose money this month. Just be okay with it, okay?

Because there is no strategy around it, you know? If someone tells you that there is a nuke coming to your city, unless if you can intercept it, there is no other strategy around. If it hits, it hits and it's going to be a mayhem.

So it is going to be like a nuke and we will all have to take our losses and all of that. I know it's going to be real. I'm laughing now, but I'm nervously laughing because it's going to be a very difficult month, guys.

And if it's Trump, it's not even going to be a normal election because it's going to involve even more money because in my opinion right now, as Biden is, most probably he would lose to anyone else except Trump. Trump is the only person who can rally up the opposites to go, which means that if we have this explosive combination of Biden and Trump, if it was Biden and someone else, most probably it would be less money because the other guy would have easily won Biden. But then we have Trump that all the others don't want Trump.

So we go into a situation that there's so much money which is going to be spent for whatever reason they want to spend it, which is going to create such a big, big mess on all of our accounts. And there's no strategy around that. Just take your losses and moving on.

You know, there's no such thing as lower your budgets and stuff. Whatever you do, it's going to affect it even more. Do you know what's the best strategy?

If this thing happens, you just sit and watch it. You just cannot do anything. The moment you're going to touch it, for example, lower the budget and stuff, it's going to create even bigger problems.

So this is what I'm going to do. If you want to hear me, just prepare your ad account for that going to a lower spend before and just let it be in the whole month without touching it. Next one.

Hello, how to understand whether it is creative fatigue or a bad period? You cannot. Because the truth here is, guys, that you don't have the information that I have.

All the people that talk to me, for example, how do I know it's a bad period? I do triple the amount of consulting calls that I do in a good period. In a good period, nobody talks to me or the comments are less.

In a bad period, everybody talks to me and everybody sends me messages. I have a lot of ad accounts. I have a lot of friends.

I have a lot of students. I know when the ad accounts are doing good or bad. This is a good period.

For example, the previous week was a very good period across the ad accounts and everything. How can you know if it's a bad period? You don't.

Most probably you will understand it after. And how do you know if it's creative fatigue? You don't.

Most probably you will understand it after. The point that I'm saying all of these things about... I never say about creative fatigue.

I'm talking about bad periods in that video that he commented or see. The point is that you can never know. Most of the times you know after it's happening.

This is why from this video I'm trying to tell you that if you have a campaign which is working for a lot of months, you have to be a little bit more flexible with it. Okay? And don't just close it immediately or panic.

But yeah, in general, why are we here for? This is our job. If you have one other account, you cannot have the information that I have with...

I don't know how many accounts combined. I have on my own only 40. So, guys, today there's not going to be any freelancer diaries.

I'm running out of them. I have one more for the next podcast, which I was going to use in this one. But my friend Mitch sent me this one.

So, yesterday I was discussing with one of my students and they told me about the Apple, Googles, Googles, Googles how they are called, the glasses, anyway, the VR. And he showed me a video that somebody is walking, you know, and he passes the road and he does this and blah blah. He checks the button and stuff and then he continues walking and stuff.

And then one of my friends sends me this, which is actually funny, you know. Do you know these pictures that they are funny only for the people that they do a specific job? And this is what it is.

So, basically, this is the event that you see when you get banned or restricted and it shows someone with the VR sitting there and seeing that they got banned. And I thought that it was very funny, you know, actually seeing it. But, you know, I think that maybe you're going to also find it funny.

But don't show it to any of your friends who don't do Facebook ads because most probably they're not going to understand it and they are going to think that we are geeks. Anyway, guys, that's all I had for you. I hope that you liked this podcast also and I hope that the Advantage Plus campaigns are going to stay increased as a number and we will be able to do more.

And February started really well and it looks like it's going to continue like that. Very good results. I'm super relaxed, as you can see.

And I will see you on the next one. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is.

I will see you on the next one. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.