Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, Podcast 79. We have 82k subs and I hope that by the point that we're going to be on podcast number 100 we will hit 100k subs which is my first goal actually for the channel.

Another podcast today. Today we're going to talk just a little bit about what happened the previous week with Reddit. We'll talk a little bit about CBO, Advanced Plus Shopping campaigns, about what happened with the 50 learning phase events that became 10 and of course we're going to talk a little bit about the new thing that's coming with the GDPR regulation and all the drama and what happened in the EU with the subscription model of people not getting actually you know not being able to actually avoid advertisement because the EU commission thinks that this is not legit.

And then we will have your questions which is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. And then we go 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 questions from all of you. Most of them are going to be most probably on the second part, on the paid part.

So before we go into our main topics, let's discuss a little bit about what happened on Reddit. I think that it went pretty well. So I will tell you how I see it from my perspective.

Somebody posted there was the opinion of people about me. I have announced about the Reddit post on Saturday or Sunday while this has happened on Wednesday or Thursday. So there was plenty of time for people to speak freely and say their opinion without me sending anyone there from the channel.

So I do believe that what it was written there, except from one person that sent me a message and he told me I was this comment. I don't know who are the other people that they have actually commented there. There was one negative comment and everything else was positive.

So, and of course, we cannot please anyone. Some people are not, are going to dislike me for the things that they say because they have tested my things that they don't work for them or for any reason. But I think that the majority actually said two things that are very important for me.

First of all, they acknowledge the fact that I'm answering to all of the comments and I'm trying to be polite with everyone, even if they pay me or not, which for me, it's very important because at least I'm doing this consistently for the last three years. And I realize that people are not stupid. They're just seeing if you're putting the effort, they just see it.

Sometimes I'm even answering within seconds and I'm not obliged to do so. But this is how my mind works. I'm not going to say to you that I do it just because I want to please everyone.

I just do it because I cannot feel that I have loose ends before I sleep, for example. Okay. So if somebody comments me something, I want to reply.

And again, this is helping a lot. I think there is one comment inside also that says that while you're doing that, you're having more engagement because people engage more with you because they know that if they post a question, you're going to reply. I've never thought of that, but you are right.

So by answering, I guess I'm getting more engagement also in my videos, which is helping me a lot. And on the other hand, I also want to help. As I told you, I'm not making money directly from YouTube, but I'm making money by just having people contacting me through YouTube and want me to work on their ad accounts.

So in the meanwhile, if we help people for free, it's all good. I'm actually pleased with the outcome. But just so that we can be clear, I realized that as the channel is growing, there's going to be more and more of this.

And maybe the one person now, it's going to become 10, 20, 50. But I do understand that there's going to be some people that they are not going to like me. What I'm trying to know is if the majority of the people likes what I say.

So one thing was the comment. The second thing, which was really important for me, is that people understood that I'm not teaching just one theory. I'm just showing all of my experiences.

And I do believe that everybody should work with their own blueprint on their ad accounts instead of just following one for everything, which is something that I'm really against of. So for me, it's a win. And it's a huge win of three years being consistent and uploading videos and the things that I believe that they work on Facebook ads.

So it's not only the growth of the channel that is actually making me happy. But the fact, this was a huge test for me. I didn't send any army or whatever there from people that they like me and they know that they like me from students or whatever.

I just let people to see their actual opinion over there because the reason that they did that is because I truly believe that the person that posted the Reddit post didn't have any bad intention and he actually wanted to know the truth, the truth of the people, not the actual truth. So I'm pretty happy with that overall and I'm pretty happy with the answers that people gave. There was also, I had in my mind to actually go and read the other comments that I haven't read in the previous, but all of them are positive except from the one that I read in the previous one.

So there's no point of reading all the positive. There was a drama also with a back and forth question with two people, three people actually, with the 3-2-2 method and all of that, but one of them deleted the comments. I didn't take print screen so I cannot read them.

Anyway, this post now is kind of dead. But yeah, I'm really happy for the reasons that I said earlier. Now, let's discuss about two things.

This year Meta announced a lot of different changes. One of the major ones was the Advance Plus Shopping campaigns and the changes that we had is that they tried to see if they can do CBO or whatever. The point is that I have seen that in more and more accounts, these changes have been revoked and now we have the traditional way of doing Advance Plus campaigns.

I posted one video months ago where I'm saying that I tested the CBO, I tested the normal one and the normal one was working better and since then I'm not doing any CBO Advance Plus and I was right, I guess, because it stopped. Now we cannot even have it as an option. The thing is that with this Advance Plus shopping campaign and the way that it started, it's working better and this is what I like to see that now most accounts like 90% they have the old style Advance Plus shopping campaign that we all loved and we all like to use.

The second thing is something that we have seen for a small period of time is the learning phase. We have seen 10 events. I still can see it in some accounts to be honest with you.

I haven't seen it revoked everywhere but in some accounts has been revoked. I think that it would make more sense if they left it. I think that someone said that on the 10 events it's on on three days not for seven days based on the attribution setting.

I haven't researched it but if it was for three days, 10 events for three days then still doesn't make any sense to me. If it was 10 events in seven days so try to pass a learning phase with less events it made more sense for the smaller accounts that they will never pass a learning phase if we have 50 events. So that basically that means that a lot of other accounts they have to just avoid understanding the learning phase and try to make it there unless if Meta is trying to make people to spend more.

So what is the learning phase? The learning phase is one thing about ad accounts and ads doing better or is it a way for Meta to push you if you're spending 100 or 200 to spend more in a consolidated ad so that you can pass a learning phase which actually does nothing because I have seen ad sets with limited learning limited or never pass a learning phase or whatever and still doing better than others that they pass a learning phase. So to me it says nothing and it proves again in my opinion a fiasco about the learning phase and why I don't I'm not even looking at it.

It was okay because now it's like a game okay you can see that you need two or three more events I like it but from the way of of looking at it you know and observing it not just following it. I don't think that the learning phase is important I think that this change with the 10 events it would make it better if it was real as far as I can understand if it was on three days because I haven't checked it 10 events on three days still it made no sense. So if we have still the 50 events on the learning phase this is something that I'm not going to investigate more or try to pass the learning phase on ads and stuff I will keep continue doing what I'm doing because for me the learning phase doesn't change anything to the outcome.

And we have a comment here from Tucker saying my account had a new 10 event learning phase briefly and now it shows 50 events need again. Yes they have revoked it in several accounts but it's not like the other changes with the CBO, ABO, Advanced Plus Shopping. I can still see several accounts having the 10 events.

But we're not going to analyze it further because I think that this is a change that they're going to change and it's going to go back to 50 events. But it's good because Meta is giving us content. Next thing that I want to discuss before we go to the questions is that we have this message here we announced in August our intention to move people in the EU EEA meaning the Eurozone and Switzerland to the GDPR legal basis of consent for the purpose of processing data collected on our own platforms for advertising purposes.

We made a change to address a number of evolving and emerging regulatory requirements in the region. This includes how our lead data protection regulator in the EU, the Irish Data Protection Commission, is interpreting GDPR following a recent ruling by the Court of Justice of the European Union and anticipating the entry into force of the Digital Markets Act. So the problem is that in the European Union we have the GDPR and Meta has a lot of problems with that.

They paid also a lot of fines about it. The option for people to purchase a subscription for no ads balances the requirements of European regulators while giving users choice and allowing Meta to continue serving all people in the EU, EEA and Switzerland. So basically they found their workaround and in order for them to be compliant with all of these rules they said that we're going to offer to people if they want to pay a subscription or not and whoever pays they're not going to be served any ads.

By the way later I have seen any discrepancy between advanced press campaigns and normal campaigns in terms of the potential reach. It's not happening though only in EU but also in USA so this is something that you can check also. I don't know about it, let's see what it says.

Meta, yeah in its ruling the CJEU, I don't know what this is, expressly recognized that the subscription model like the one we are announcing is a valid form of consent for an ads funded service. Now, the EU Commission is coming back and it says the EU Commission recently ruled that this approach fails to comply with the Digital Markets Act. In other words, an ad-free subscription was a complete waste of time.

Meta doesn't make money from this subscription since its most replaces the money that would have been earned from advertising. In 2023 the average value of a user in Europe was 6.3 per month below. It's the quarter.

The subscription price after a cut is now very close to that value and we have the Q4 and the Q4 on 2023, Q4 on 2022, the different prices over here in this chart. Now, what we have here is a problem with the European Union which is acting like a very big boat which is really really slow taking turns and stuff and there are a lot of issues that Meta has over here with the personal data and the GDPR regulation which is kinda strict. Just to be honest guys, I have everyday phone calls from stupid scam companies that they try to sell me Forex or whatever and I'm trying to protect myself with the GDPR.

GDPR is a total nonsense and bull****. It's not helping anyone in the European Union and it's just there to make our lives more difficult and I'm not saying this from the perspective of an advertiser but as a person who has been affected by people spamming my phone with stupid phone calls, I'm just contacting people to protect me with my GDPR and nobody does. So what we have here, they're going to just enforce the GDPR to Meta because it can be regulated, they can find them, they have a headquarters and stuff and for everything else our GDPR is not actually being protected even not from the banks or from other institutions that they just freely have our information and they do whatever they want.

So it's a total BS and I'm not going to say that Meta is a saint, it's not, but sadly Meta is a company that makes a lot of money and is a very easy target so that the European Union can show that they care about the personal data of their citizens and they have paid a lot of fines. Wherever is money involved people are going to find solutions and companies but here we have a situation, I don't think that the results on Europe for example are bad on this period. I have UK accounts, I have Netherlands, all of this, Denmark, Switzerland, Germany, Spain, Portugal, I have accounts and they are doing pretty fine.

So, and Greece, so I'm going to say that I don't think that it has been affected but I think that it's going to be an ongoing battle for the personal data. Anyway, we touched the subject a lot and I think that we shouldn't give it so much time. Let's go to your questions.

Hi, Constantinos, my campaigns have had very high fluctuations this past week where the same campaign portfolio went from 3.7 ROAS one day to 0.3 the next day, then up again. All campaigns are going up and down together like a club, you know, they are dancing. Okay, on the bad days even new campaigns with safe setups did bad.

I imagine you will say to work with average results but maybe you could expand a little on this or give examples. I cannot give examples because it's going to be just theory. I have videos where I'm showing you how I move with...

Actually, after this podcast I'm going to create one video. I don't know when it's going to go live because I have videos, so many videos with all of my accounts that I have. But I will show you in one...

For example, I have in one right now where I'm getting 2.7 and 2.6 while I'm spending £1,200. I'm trying to increase so it's giving me below three ROAS which I don't want to. Then by just removing one campaign I have seen that still I'm below three.

Then I removed another bad campaign so I'm having several campaigns and I just remove my worst ones. Okay, now I have seen that when I'm on 1k I'm getting three plus ROAS which I want. But when I'm just increasing a little bit more, even 50 or 100, I'm getting below three ROAS.

So this is what I'm trying to do. I'm just removing the worst campaign that I have and still work with average results and just see how it goes. That's also why I don't like to work with one campaign because it would be more difficult to work like this.

But yeah, this is an example and I will make a video. I just don't know my dear anonymous member when it's going to go live. By the way, if you post on my group as an anonymous member it's totally fine.

I do accept and respect the privacy that you want to have. Next one. New stuff, at least for me.

Preparing phase. Preparing phase is here for a very long period of time. It says, preparing to deliver some ads in this campaign successfully past review.

Now our delivery system is matching them to the right bid audience so you can start seeing impressions. Typically two hours but can take up to 12 hours. So preparing is something that I'm seeing always on the ads, especially when you post them.

They have a preparing period and stuff. So this is nothing new Jonathan. You just noticed it now.

Next one. Hi Kostantinos, following the crazy method I try creating a lookalike audience of Add to Cart using USA as the country. But Facebook says I cannot create because I have less than 100 events.

But if I create a report on the maximum period then I have 395 Add to Cards for USA. The point is not the maximum period. The point is how many you have in the last 180 days in order to create.

Yeah, so if you have less than 100 in the last 180 days then you have a problem. Okay. Or if you are creating an Add to Cart audience of 30 days then you have a problem if in 30 days you don't have 100 events.

That's it. But here the maximum can be two years. This says nothing.

In the last 180 days you need to have 100 events. If you create a custom audience of 180 days Add to Cart and then you use it as a lookalike. Did Facebook change in a way that it only accepts the last 60 days or something?

Thanks. I don't know what you said about the 60 days but if you create an Add to Cart audience, custom audience of 180 days but you don't have 100 events in 180 days but you have them in two years, still you cannot do a lookalike. Also, these 365 events, all of them are from the United States or from different countries also.

This is another thing because it has to be from the United States. 100 events from the country that you want to do the lookalike. Hi, your content is excellent.

Thank you. Thank you for watching. This month, this time I have seen a lot of new comments.

Most probably they come from Reddit and what happened there. They have been intrigued. So, Reddit was actually positive.

How long, how much spend does it take to train a pixel in your experience? Training a pixel is not an easy thing and training a pixel actually means that you are training it based on the niche and all of that. So, if we have a person who likes to collect Karakuri boxes like these ones here which I'm crazy about, Japanese puzzle boxes, this is a very small niche comparing to some or collecting Moonblanks.

Okay, but if you have, for example, people that they do collect something bigger, let's say NBA cards, then you have more people, the niche is bigger. That means that you need more data. So, the smaller the niche, the less data that you need.

The smaller the country, the less data you need. If you want to do United States and a very broad niche like fishing, then you need a lot of data. So, it really depends on the amount of data that you get and how big is the country that you want to train your pixel for.

So, there is not a certain amount of events. It really depends. How are you going to know that your pixel is trained?

You're going to start seeing into your ad account more consistent results. It's going to be more stable instead of doing a campaign and just dying immediately. Hello, thank you for this video.

Please, I have a question. What if an ad is working and you increase the daily budget, let's say from 1600 to 3200, basically two of the previous budget and also add more people to the audience? Is that a healthy move?

Looking forward to your response. That's an awful move. Basically, you're not only increasing the budget, which is too much to do just in one day, because going from 100 to 200, it's totally acceptable if you have enough ads, ads, ads, ads inside and stuff.

But going from 1600 to 3200, even if you have enough ads inside, I think it's too much. But on the other hand, despite that, let's say that it was going to be successful, you're making it even worse because now you are adding more people to the audience. Basically, you are resetting the ad.

So, what are you doing? You are starting with a fresh ad, which is not relaunched to get the boost of the first initial sales from Facebook. So, you're resetting all of the ad and you're running it also with double budget.

This is what you do. So, I think it's not healthy at all. Because when you're going to change the audience, it's going to actually reset the campaign.

Can we scale Facebook ads with different fan pages? I have seen crazy good results when people are doing sponsored ads. For example, not only sponsored ads, but they use Instagram pages from influencers.

So, I have accounts that they spend 3.3.8 million per month. And this account, it's actually using a lot of different Instagram accounts from famous influencers. Before we do that, we were not able to scale to these numbers.

Now that we do it, we are able to scale to higher numbers. Of course, over there, we're working with average results and all of that. But I have done videos also with this ad account.

I'm trying not to post a lot with this ad account because this ad account actually, it's not fair for people that they spend 1k or 2k to see another account like this because it has completely different handling. And yeah, not a lot of people have this kind of ad account. So, they're not interested to this kind of content.

That's all I had. I think it was a smaller one, but that's good because we don't have a lot of questions because people are on vacation and all of that. And that's good.

You can go and you can relax. I think we're going to do two more before I relax also for a month. And then we will stop for August and we will continue on September, which we have Black Friday coming.

I think, oh, this is the paid version. So, after the assassination attempt of Trump also, I think that Trump now is going to win. Maybe this is going to make the elections less difficult and with lower CPMs.

And yeah, if we believe that it was an actual assassination or if you believe that it was an actual association or assassination or if you believe that he's the luckiest person in the earth or if you believe that this is staged, I think that this has changed the course of the elections and maybe we will see different things because we don't care about the elections in the United States. I care about the CPMs that we will have in this period and if it's going to be difficult for us to advertise. That's all I had for you guys and I will see you for the next one.

This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

Like it or not, it is what it is! I haven't heard the lemon. … I … … … … … …