Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hi guys, Podcast 121, After the Vacation, I missed you and today we're going to answer all of your questions that you had during this period. There are several, so we'll do just a whole podcast about it.

A little bit of some news, the course is out, it's killing it, it's doing really well. Thank you very much for supporting it and it's having already a lot of sales. Second thing, stop sending me messages about 2005, all the spots are filled.

As I told you, I'm even doing more than five right now. I cannot do more because I have also the accounts that I manage and now we start again video shooting and all of that for my YouTube channel. So it's impossible.

We can discuss it for another period but as of now all the chosen five spots are filled. In any case, throw a message for the future or to see for where a spot is going to open but as of now everything is filled and currently it's more than five, it's actually seven, eight people. So, seven or eight, I think.

It's seven, it's seven people. So, another thing. As I said, the course is doing really well.

I'm adding new stuff inside, I'm adding. First of all, more sessions of 2005 that I found interesting. Some more things about the daily loop theory are going to be added.

Already added one chapter, a video for the Black Friday and all the things that you need to do there. Adding also new Loom videos about cost caps. One in a circle session that we did talk about many good things.

And some more videos about, some of those are about dropshipping and a little bit of differentiation on the strategy that we're going to have for dropshippers because of the extreme competition and each one copying each other. So, there are some differentiations there and things that we worked one-on-one on 2005 with people about dropshipping. So, the course, as I said, is going to keep updating.

Just the videos that I have video-sued now and they're ready. They're not ready. They're going through the video editing process is more than 20.

So, imagine that there's 20 videos coming plus the ones that I have. So, that's all with the course. Again, thank you very much for supporting it and buying it and loving it and doing such good reviews on Trustpilot and everything.

One thing that I need to clarify, because I'm getting this question a lot, is, is it for e-com or lead gen? It's for both. I have videos dedicated for both things and, of course, the theory applies to everything.

Don't forget, all of you, that you're doing lead gen. That crazy method is working very, very, very well with lead generation, especially in local areas. Now, I have seen also that even while I wasn't posting new podcasts, you took my advice and you started watching the previous videos.

Right now, we have with a subscription over here, the membership inside YouTube or the Patreon, if you want to still listen to the podcasts on other platforms like Google Podcasts or Apple Podcasts and stuff or Spotify even. We have another 61 videos, except from the extra part of this one, that this is content for you to learn and you can just do it with 19 per month. So, that's the best deal that you can get over here and the best, you know, for 30 days you will have access to all of these videos to watch them and then you can cancel if you want.

It's up to you and it helps, it supports the channel. But anyway, I'm not a YouTuber, so just commenting and liking, it's a support anyway because I'm not expecting to make my living from YouTube. I just have it here so that I can share my knowledge and for networking, finding clients and stuff.

So, let's go now that we finished with all of that. We talked about the course, we talked about this. What happened during the summer?

We had a pretty mixed August, like it was an August that it had some good weeks and then it had some bad weeks. For sure it had bad weeks. Then we go on September, which was really strong initially.

The weekend before it was bad for most accounts. It's really difficult for me right now to check the trends because I'm a little bit confused right now, to be honest with you. I have chosen fives.

There are people that after our work and the things that we have done in the next podcast, we're going to discuss about dropshipping and all the things that you need to know. So, you know the title from now and the progress that they have done over there with the things that you need to understand. I have done a lot of work with a lot of dropshippers lately and legit dropshippers and not stores like closing and grandmas crying, not this kind of stuff.

And we have worked a lot in profitabilities. We have worked a lot in removing this bad habit of talking about revenues while your profit is not there. And only thing that you care about is saying that they have spent 50K and not talking about profit.

The reason for example that I'm using this to tell to people that I'm spending between 5 and 10 million. By the way, if you ever have the question why 5 and not 5 to 6, you know, 5 to 10. Because the bigger ad accounts, when you do cost caps and stuff, they tend to fluctuate a lot.

One of them can spend in one month 5 million, the other month 7 million. And I have this kind of ad accounts, so maybe they're going to have this kind of fluctuations. Also depends on the volume of the clients that I'm getting.

And of course, when it comes to Black Friday, I'm going to spend more than 10 million on all the ad accounts that I have. So, I don't know. I'm just trying to find...

This is the truth. So, I kept my minimum, which is 5. No, my minimum is more now.

Anyway, just in between. But I will never drop below 5, I guess, because I just do 5 in only one, which is big. So, between 5 and 10 is what maybe better represents it.

For the periods that are going to be good, it's going to be close to 10. On Black Friday, it's going to be much more. But anyway, so the thing that I was saying is that I did a lot of work with dropshippers.

And we started working a little bit on the bad mentality of... We test a lot of products with small budgets, which is one bad thing. And the other thing that we did is that we don't talk anymore about our revenue if it doesn't come with good profits.

So, if we don't have good profits, then there's no point of discussing about spending 300, 400, 500k per month on spend. Because focusing on that, it's a bad mentality that it doesn't... That is not going to help you have profits.

Also, another thing which I'm seeing, especially on dropshippers, is like the title of the book, the things that got you here won't get you there. Okay, so... And no, this is not like the meme that I see on the internet.

Don't love the job, job your love. Which is the most stupid thing I have ever heard. It's like saying...

I have seen many of those, but there's some really nice... It says, don't eat your food, food your eat. You know, and all of that.

So, the thing that got you here won't get you there. Which means that a lot of times people, they are successful. And what they have realized is that they are doing things by luck.

It's up to me on the mentorships to explain why this is working, to explain all of the things in their journey, so that they will know. And then it's not luck. It's just success that you do it again and again and again.

And this is what we have done. There were people, for example, that they were spending 100k and they were getting better profits, like let's say 50k profits. And then they were spending 200k just because this is the mentality of the dropshipping that you have to tell, that you're spending a lot and stuff.

And after some point that you see that they were having 10k profits, for example. What's the point of that? There is no point.

Because in dropshipping, it's hit and miss. You're not trying to have repeated customers, lifetime value and all of that. You're not.

So, these are the things that we're going to discuss in the next podcast. And the things that I believe that are going to work better for dropshipping and the differentiation that we're going to have with our normal strategies. Enough with that.

Let's start with questions. We have so many. I will just go into the mentality of the army in Greece.

When something difficult was happening in the army, I was thinking, at some point it's going to end. So, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to start reading questions.

At some point it's going to end. Okay. I think we have more than 80 questions or whatever.

Cool. Let's start with Chris. So, we have Chris over here.

Says, plan on joining the chosen five in the near future. Talk to me Chris, but I cannot promise. There is no spots right now.

But I want to dive in sooner to your methods, specifically cost caps. Does your course cover this topic or is it entirely so that I can get a good grasp of the concepts? 100%.

So, there are Loom videos inside there that are showing exactly how to do cost caps. Explain the cost caps and the bit caps, how they work. And live optimization with Loom videos on how to do it day by day basis on live real ad accounts and not in theory.

Because it knows that your book has all this information. Let me know plus. He's talking about the course.

If I managed to write a book which would cover 40 hours, right now it's going to become 50 hours of videos with whiteboards and all of that, then I would be a genius, I guess, if I would be able to compact it somehow. No, the book is older, you know. The book is when I was starting I wanted to do something just to put out there.

It was the best way for me to put something out there about the things that I knew at that point. Since then I have evolved a lot. For example, the daily loop theory or things like that, they are not there.

Not for... Cost caps were there because I was doing cost caps since then. And the crazy method, of course.

But no, the book is just, you know, The book is just a small taste but some things are also outdated inside the book so I would be careful. In my life I'm doing things just to say that I have done it. For example, there is a very famous exhibition here in Greece.

It's called Death and I have... I went there to talk. This is just another accomplishment.

The fact that I did a YouTube channel and reached 100k subs and I took that. The fact that I had a store to 1 million orders. All of these are milestones.

Right now I'm trying to do another milestone inside Kajabi for trying to sell the course and take another thing. All of these are things that I'm seeing as a new milestone, a new peak that I have to conquer. And the book was another thing.

I wanted to write a book. I wanted to be an author of a book. And it was pretty good.

It had success. There are a lot of people that met me through the book and then they started watching the YouTube channel. Another great episode.

You often speak about the average results but when do you suggest to kill the campaign if Roaz is under target? If the average results is above your target then you should not kill it. The average results is just another mechanism.

Okay. Actually, I have to admit I really missed that. You know, I missed the interaction over here.

So the average results is another mechanism. The mechanism is this. That I'm having the average results and if the results are good and I'm having good results, that means that I can buy time without making a mistake.

Because the most important thing on the ad platform is that we're not going to give, you know, we're not going to do changes all the time because changes all the time most of the time means that we will do a mistake. We're increasing our chances of doing a mistake. Our job is to go and intervene if we think that there is nothing else to be done or that we are pretty sure about our decision and stuff.

At the end of the day, the algorithm is going to try also to fix the situation if the Roaz is not good. So the average results is a very good mechanism that I found which is giving you time. Because you're not losing money because in the average you are profitable.

You're giving time to the algorithm to work and you're taking more calculated decisions based on data because you leave it another day, another day, another day. So over here, if your Roaz is under target, when? At the start of the campaign or later?

Because if you have a campaign working for five months and one week is doing bad, then keep it. Okay? If it's on the beginning, then maybe you should try to optimize.

After a few days, would you just leave it under average is good? If average is good, I would leave it because again, it's a mechanism that it's preventing you from making mistakes. That's why it's so popular among you.

What I'm saying is that there are some strategies that are really popular among you. The crazy method. The crazy method is popular because it has helped people scale because they couldn't understand how to scale or the ABO and all of that.

And easy to implement. Okay? Another thing is the average results.

The average results are preventing people from making mistakes. So immediately they see and they see that it's working. There are these small things here and there that I can see that you're preferring doing.

And the reason is because you can see immediate results from them. After... Yes, I have checked most of your videos but did not find the exact suggestion on this matter.

I'm sorry if I have missed it. Don't say that you're sorry. It's okay, man.

You can just link me a video where you have discussed these things again. First of all, thank you so much for caring about my time and answering. Secondly, I need to tell you that when the results are good, we don't touch it.

Don't forget our main, main, main rule. If something is working, you don't touch it. Now, if you're greedy, you're taking a risk on your own and you want to make it having better odds, for example, or whatever.

But if the results are good, we're just leaving it. Can we get this detailed PDF and rest of the others you've showed on these videos? He's talking about my last videos that I did.

So during the August, I tried to do some videos which were more light with more creatives and stuff. Also because Meta is automating everything, eventually we're going to do only creative. So I'm trying to educate you a little bit about that.

And because I have seen them lately in ad accounts, make a big difference when you have good creatives. The thing is that there are these PDFs that PDFs, they're like Notion, case studies about Huell, True Classic and all of that. These are inside the course.

I cannot share them outside. But I have to also clarify that they're not mine. So inside the course, you're going to be able to find them.

And he says, is it possible to have this kind of creative with the help of AI? 100%. The point with the AI is to understand that AI has unlimited capabilities.

So, the problem and the thing that I'm saying also to young people, the people for example that I met right now after my speech here in Thessaloniki, two young people approached me. I'm not really famous in Greece, almost nobody knows me over here, comparing to the people knowing me about some, even a lot of people that they do Facebook ads don't know me. So, they approached me and they say, I have seen you, I know you, blah, blah.

What's the best thing to do and stuff. And the two guys were having an agency. There was another guy that he wanted to become a graphic designer.

And I tell him, you can become if you want a graphic designer. You can try if you want to go into an agency and get some more experience. And I tell him, you know, the most important thing for me is to understand that AI is going to be part of your life and your job as a graphic designer and you need to learn how to do proper prompts.

So, yes, the answer is yes. It can work with AI creatives. The problem is what kind of prompts, who is going to write them, are they going to be good and all of that.

Because I believe the future is going to be in prompts. As I said to my speech, I believe back in the day we had the guy who was the IT, you know, that you were calling, my computer is broken, my printer is broken. Now we're going to have the guy who is going to be the prompter.

Okay. And he's going to be inside the company. And you're going to say, hey, Konstantinos, come down to the second floor.

He goes to the second floor. So, I'm inside GPT and I have these Excel's and I want to do this and that. What kind of prompts soon do I do use?

These are the people that are going to be the new IT. Of course, the IT still is going to exist, but there is going to be another person inside the companies that's going to help the employees to understand what kind of prompts to use into the AI tools that they're going to have. I believe this is a job of the future.

And if you want to, if you're young and you want to focus on something, don't just use such a PT or any AI program. Try to understand how you're going to put the proper prompts and get better to that. You will never have a problem finding a job.

Hello, Konstantinos. I checked about an answer on a previous question and did I see that you mentioned in the podcast 59. If you checked all the 121 podcasts to find an answer, good for you.

So, could you enlighten us? Here's the question. What if our ad account time zone different from USA?

6am Central Time is 7pm in my country. So, if I set the campaign to start at 6am Central Time, Facebook only have five hours to spend the budget. Because if he wants to start it at 6am, basically what he's going to do is that he has to set it in his personal ad account, in his ad account at 7pm, which is 6am there.

Of course, you're not going to find a video because it's an exception. What I would do over there is that I would set it for 0000. So, at the reset of their account for you.

So, it's not going to start at 6am in that country. It's going to start at 11am, but it's going to spend a lot. That's the best solution that you can have over there in that situation.

Excuse me, my case is that Facebook account is in Greece time and I advertise on USA, UK time, Canada. So, this applied to me specifically? Yeah, it does.

Yeah. Quick question. Say, inside one CBO campaign you put in 10 ads.

Assume this CBO is brought targeting without any interest. Would you take the same 10 ads and create another campaign, say like LLAY stacked and just test the campaign structure with the same ads? So, I established a new rule with all of my dropshipper friends and students.

And there is a new rule which is going to be just below dropshipping is going to be just below our first rule that if something is working, we don't touch it. Make the question to yourself. I want to take, for example, one campaign which is working with Broad.

It's working and I want to do another one that I will use lookalikes because I want to target different hot pockets. And now ask to yourself, is this something that a lazy dropshipper would do? If the answer is yes, don't do it.

Okay. Now, this is something that someone lazy would do because they want to believe that it's going to work. I'm not saying that it's not going to work though.

What I need you to do in this case is this. First of all, I need you to know about the daily loop theory and understand that you need to check the seven days intervals as we did inside the course and understand if there is going to be cannibalization between these two campaigns. So, I'm not against of you doing it if you want to take the risk.

I'm not saying that it's not going to work. All I want you to know is how to spot if you're having cannibalization. That's all I want.

So, first of all, I'm not going to blame you for the thought. You want to try it, you want to do it. At least know how to evaluate it if it's cannibalizing or not.

Second thing, instead of you trying to scale with lookalikes or something else, because lookalikes are also going to expand to broad, so it's not like you're doing anything. Even the interest that we're using right now, everything but everything is expanding to broad. So, there's no point to discuss about only lookalikes or only interest because everything right now expands to broad.

So, don't worry about the different hot pockets. Try it to see. Know how to evaluate if you are having cannibalization.

And most of the times it's something that is just a very easy solution which doesn't require extra work like doing other creatives, for example, just to try to have more sales. That means that it's a bad strategy. So, next question.

Hi, Konstantinos. You were right. Blender Method is working again.

Crazy Method is working best with a new UI. I love your content. Always follow what you're teaching in the videos.

I have one question. When you launch the new campaign for scaling, I mean the previous campaign was optimized and giving sales, then you launch or do you have any other criteria for it? Like my break even is 2.5.

I'm getting 3.5 rows. So, when should I launch a new campaign? Because when we launch a new campaign, it takes time to optimize.

So, this way I always lose money when I launch new campaigns. What did I say earlier? When we are launching something and we want to see if it's scaling or not, what we're going to do is that we're going to start testing in the seven days intervals between the campaigns, especially if we're using the same creatives, if we have cannibalization or if we have more volume of sales and then we're going to also check profits.

But the other important thing here is that I'm seeing that your break even is 2.5 and you have 3.5. Okay, after the second interruption, the thing is that after you have 3.5 and you are getting 2.5, that means that you have a cushion in between and you can actually go and you can have, you know, you can drop, you know, in your ROAS. So, it's healthy to do so.

Now you're mentioning that it's going to take time to optimize and stuff. Maybe it's not going to be successful or not. Whenever you are scaling, you're always taking a risk.

There's no doubt of that. So, all the things that I told you are the ones that are going to decide if you're going to scale or not and how you're going to evaluate it and see if you can scale or not. Let's go to the next one.

Hi, I have a campaign, one adjet for creatives, 30 daily budget. I have run it for 4 days, getting a consistent one to two sales a day. When I double the budget in the campaign, it stopped getting sales in the next three days.

I have another 30 days, I ran it for 4 days, getting a consistent one to two sales. When I double the budget, it stopped getting sales in the next three days. I killed the campaign and ran it at 30, gave me the same consistent one to two sales for the days.

Would you recommend to do the crazy method with this campaign or is it too small a budget to consider it as a successful campaign? So, what I would take from this is that you try to scale it and it failed. I don't believe a 30 increase as a big thing, so I would try more things.

Yeah. Now, if this one was 100-200 and it wasn't scaling at all with another 100, then I would be more skeptical. Maybe it's not scaling, you know.

But yeah, I would try crazy method with that to see how it would do. Another thing which I need to mention, I know that it's not ideal, but when you're doing a change to the budget, you're not expecting it immediately to work, but here you waited for three days, as you say. If you're telling the truth, then yeah.

Yeah. I would try to scale it. 30 more is not like you're asking something crazy.

Hello, Kostadinos. I'm currently running three CBO campaigns, one adset. Same for all.

Bro targeting with two creative. The first is targeting USA with $45 budget. The second targets Canada, UK, Australia with $45.

Two. And the third is a duplicate of the second one with $35. So, why is this on CBO?

So, I'm every day on break even ROAS, a little bit up and down every day. I have consistent sales every day at least two, three. So, my problem is how can I scale?

Dude, you're not even having consistent results and profitability here and you want to scale? In your position, I would remove one of the assets and spend so that I can be profitable. Because it's not about scaling only, it's about being profitable also.

And I have some CPMs between 85 and 95 average on the last seven days. That's bad. That's bad.

That means that your pixel is also new. So, first, I would try to make my pixel better, more consistent campaigns. Then I would start thinking about scaling because everybody's talking about scaling without even talking about sustainability, stability or all the other things.

Another question. I'm running different one niches like wealth and health in my Facebook account. So, I use the same pixel or one pixel for every niche.

You can use the same pixel. The thing is that what is going to happen here... You cannot have a store with multiple pixels, okay?

So, you need to just use one pixel for each one and now you will tell me, yeah, but how? Don't run all of these different niches over here. Costantinos, got it, thanks.

I'm not selling t-shirts, running Clickbank offers, mostly health-like supplement, mostly wealth, like digital courses, etc. Still stick with one pixel across everything and precede the help. Yeah, I mean you are running Clickbank offers, okay?

Maybe you can have different pixels for different things, but on the other hand, yeah, it's difficult, man. I guess you need to have different pixels for these ones, if it's possible. You cannot have one.

I run affiliate offers in different niches like Health, Wealth, Brain. I'm using one pixel across all these pages, tracking universal events like Lead, Page View and Rose. So far, one offer might be supplements to lose weight and another might be a digital product for wealth creation.

I would use different pixels and different finals for each one of them. If you want to be crazy efficient, yes, this is what you have to do. Killer video is always a plan on doing a catalog campaign, 50 USD daily for testing products.

You are not going to do a catalog to test products. Do AC single ads at three angles. Every seven to ten days pick the winner Do AC campaign single ads at three angles.

How are you going to pick the winner from the store, for example? You are going to see that this item is selling. And why would you do it like a catalog?

Why don't you do an AC with ten different products, for example? I don't like this. No, I see what you mean.

Then you want to remove the product from the catalog and do its own AC. The three ads that will be in the AC, one of them will have the same creative which is in the catalog. So, I get your point.

I just don't like it as a method. I think it's not efficient. Yeah, I don't like it.

Think why I don't like it. Why am I going to tell you that I don't like it? Because it's a catalog.

It's dynamic catalog. I don't know how else to explain. It looks so lame and dumb to me.

I don't know. But I have to explain to you because this is what we do here. I guess I have one good argument.

So, if a product is working through a catalog, it doesn't mean that you know its potential, you know, on putting it on a new campaign. In my opinion, a lot of times the mistake that we do have when we're testing something, is that we do test with 30, 40 and then we think that we found the winner. Maybe it's not a winner.

Maybe it's just something that it can sell in small volumes. So, I would do dedicated campaigns finding products and the catalog is not one of the things that we use for testing. Also, another thing that I need to tell you is that you are saying, for example, that I'm going to use the same creative, the one that has on the catalog.

So, it's going to be... Because another argument could be that you don't know, you know that the product is working on the catalog, but you don't know which one is actually, which creative can actually make it work as a product. So, you will say I will take the image.

The thing is though that here we have a carousel and it's going to be a carousel with different products each time because it's dynamic, convincing people in one case with product A, B, C, D, in another case with a product D, C, B, whatever that may be as a combination. And the problem is that we're going to have all of that and you're just going to use the one slide which is the product. So, I don't find this efficient.

Basically, it's like as if another creative has worked for this product to be good. Also, we cannot break down the results on Meta. You're just going to have to see it on Shopify and decide if it's a winner or not.

Anyway, I don't like it at all. I just tried to give you some normal justification just so that I will not say I don't like it and that's all. But since I read it, I don't like it.

Thank you so much, Lennyk, a lot from your videos. I can't have a campaign running with two ad sets. One of them has good draws but the other does not.

Number of firsts CPP is the same. It's performing good case but it could do better. It's on APO right?

Ah, okay, that's why. Should I go ahead and turn on CPP? No, you should not touch it.

If you want to really scale it, just duplicate the one that is working to a new campaign, either a crazy method or do something as a CPP? But yeah, that's it. One crazy method per winner or one in total?

Also one creative or two, three in the ad set of crazy method. In the ad set of crazy method, we use the rules that we do on CPP, which is three to five ads per ad set. One crazy method per winner?

I would say yes. I have seen up to five crazy method working for a product. I wouldn't abuse it.

But you can do whatever you want. It's your own money and your own risk as long as you know how to check cannibalization and all the other things that we said. Hey, great video.

I have a winning image and a winning video ad, both with hundreds of comments each. They are currently in the same ad set, so it's best to keep them together and do one crazy method campaign. Or separate them and do one crazy method for the image ad and another crazy method for the video ad.

I would... You are creating the problem by mixing them and then you are asking, so I do two and stuff. Right now as you are, no, I wouldn't do two, which is against of my rules of actually going and actually doing different campaigns for the different style of creatives.

Because it might be abusive, you know, to do two crazy methods just because you have one video and one image. But I wouldn't mix it the first time. So, Constantinos will do thanks prayers.

Are ready to go. And one last. I'm targeting the top four English speaking country.

Normally I add them together in the same ad set. Is that okay? Yeah, it is okay.

Or do you recommend doing separate crazy methods compared for each individual country? You wish. But no.

Just do it as it is. Don't forget that the crazy method is a scaling method and that means that what you are going to do is that you are going to take something that is working and try to scale it. You are not going to try to do different things in an ad set that you don't know if it's going to work.

You don't know, for example, if United Kingdom alone is going to be a problem or not. So, another one says happens to me every month. The collapse.

I was not. It was not even a problem until I saw this video. A diagram would have been helpful for testing campaign structure.

So, the collapse that I'm mentioning because a lot of times people are asking me is that when you are scaling something again and again and you're trying so much, think of it like this. Think that this is the demand of a product and this is the supply. No, this is the supply and this is the demand.

So, over here, for example, you are having one campaign that is having your fulfilling the supply of a product over here and you are actually doing X amount of sales and the in between is your profit because there is more room to cover and you are getting lower cost per acquisition. So, imagine now good and bad period. So, I'm saying that you should leave a cushion in between.

So, if you have, for example, two break-even rows, you need to have three rows over here in between because if it's a good period, then on the bad period this is going to drop. The ideal case scenario is that you're going to reach to the point that you're going to either break even in the worst day of the year or lose a little bit. That's our ideal case scenario.

But imagine what would happen if you just keep scaling, scaling, scaling, scaling, even on a good period and you are actually trying to scale as much as you can. So, over here, of course, you're killing profits in between but you're scaling as much as you can and then the bad period comes. This is the collapse over here and this is something that you cannot, you know, you cannot control and you cannot control your emotions also because you're not experienced.

What is it happening? When you're scaling here, maybe you're having a small profit but you still have profits, you're not losing money. When this is happening and you are having the collapse, which means that you are dropping now and you're losing money, the emotional part comes inside and you lose one day.

100, 200, 300 and this is happening. And then what you do is that you do this, this happened and you try to do this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this and you don't do it controlled so that maybe it can come and you know because this one is going to continue playing but you don't do it in a controlled way so that you can understand if you can actually stabilize it. And then you touch one day, the next day from our experience I have seen that it's going to be bad when you're lowering the budget anyway.

So you lower the budget the next day again and again the next day and again the next day and then that account collapses because you don't know how to treat downscaling. Most of the people know scaling and basically they don't know it, they just do it because it's easy. If it's a good period and you're profitable then you're continuing being profitable.

The problem is what are you going to do when you're losing money and this is where you can show character and professionalism and actually do something better. Because if you're losing money then it's difficult for you to compose yourself and say okay I did a change, I lowered 40% I'm gonna wait two three days without touching it. And this is what you should do in order for you to be able to stabilize that accounts or they're going to collapse which means that basically you were spending 10k per day and then you end up not even spending 400 some of the accounts.

Because you just destroyed all of your campaign. Needless to say that this is a really possible scenario to happen with the one campaign strategy that everybody loves to use and everybody loves to collapse with. Hi Costantinos, I know you say if something is working well don't touch it.

What if there is an asset brought CBO that has given good results for three days consistently with a 50 budget what would you say to leave it and duplicate it into a crazy method or bump the budget of what's working definitely not by 20% but bumping by the average CPA like I have learned from your videos. So if something is working with 50 it's not a provenly scalable thing. I have seen different strategies right now for testing and a lot of times people use for example 60 with three ad sets and apparently they use the anthropology interest which is working which is even stranger.

And then we have other people testing with 50. These are not crazy budgets so that you can understand if your ad can scale or not. So what you can do is yes if it's consistent you can just put another 50 in your case or whatever the CPA is and you can see if it's actually scaling.

If it's actually scaling then you can always duplicate and move it to another campaign because it's more proven if it's working with bigger budget instead of the 50 per day that most of the times proves I'm not going to say proves nothing it's an indication it's not the certainty because with 50 per day maybe you're going to try to scale it and it's not going to scale. With 100 per day if something has all the other things that we discussed a cushion in between the break even and the rows that you're getting you are seeing that you're getting more volume when you're increasing the budget you don't have cannibalization then it makes more sense. Which one do you think we should do?

I know you're on vacation so reply whenever you can and enjoy your vacation. I already replied to all of these by the way. I think you should increase it first and then see of course I already replied so most likely you have done it.

Did exactly what you said got two more sales right after you're best. I increased the budget to 100 this morning average CPAs around 35 should I bump to 150 tomorrow don't want to throw the CBO off. I think that you should start duplicating at that point and start seeing if it has cannibalization or not so basically he replied after some days I guess and he told me that okay.

Konstantinos thank you very much for typing my name with C which is coming from Konstantinopoul. Yeah a little bit it looks a little bit strange but on the other hand it's a little bit nostalgic so thank you for that. So based on one variable rule I found in one account Blender method a stack to a later percent with idris like fitness is working very amazing so if I want to scale with new creatives every time should I use exactly winner Blender method with new creatives?

You are answering to yourself the answer is yes. If yes it will not collapse because it's the same audiences. No if you use if you use different creatives or different products it should then collapse.

Now if you think for example I don't know an example a fast example right now for example if you're selling this for writing angle and you're writing in paper and you think that the different angle is to write on a wall then this is your problem. Also other things you might have the best intention or for example writing with blue ink and writing also with black ink different angle. No it's not okay.

The other thing is that a lot of times we are going to do the mistake and think that we have a different angle but maybe we're not. The people are going to criticize. What I want you to know is how to evaluate if this is happening to you or not and know the daily loop and try to understand it because when you are working with multiple campaigns it's not like okay I'm working with multiple campaigns.

You are working with multiple campaigns but there are things that you need to check when you're working with multiple campaigns. Average results, cannibalization, different angles, these are the things that you need to work. Okay so if there are different creatives and products and stuff in theory you shouldn't have a problem.

If you have a problem it means that you have to change something and you're not doing it properly. Now then you say something which I want to comment on. You say I'm scared to try this actually.

Listen to me very carefully. If you are taking a decision that you are not ready to support, don't take it. I have seen yesterday one guy, he did three campaigns scaling 1500 where his budget was 4k and then he was telling me during the day should I close them.

If you don't know and you can support or you're psychologically you cannot keep the spend, don't take the decision. That means that you did a mistake. It means that you are not ready.

If you choose to do one campaign you don't expect to have a sale in one hour or in six hours or in 12 hours. You are going to leave it and you are going to protect and accept the decisions that you have taken. That's why before you take a decision you have to think and you have to take calculated decisions based on things that make sense and based on data on your ad account.

So if you are afraid don't do it. When you are going to not be afraid it's going to be the right timing for you to do it. It means that you are going to be more experienced.

Now on the other hand you can tell me yeah but how am I going to learn. Then take my advice and do it and even if you are afraid or whatever don't look the pc go for a coffee okay or go find a girlfriend. I don't care.

Just do something instead of watching the ad account and support your decision and leave it for 24-48 hours. 48 hours ideally, especially in your case that something is working okay. 24 hours only if something crazy happens like having zero ad to cards in 24 hours.

This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

Like it or not, it is what it is.