Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and this is the Facebook Ads Breaking News Podcast. Hello guys, this is Podcast 90. We are one week away from Black Friday and we do have today to discuss about some things in EU, about using the Meta platform for free or not that we're going to discuss.

One idea that I have about working with multiple countries, something which I'm going to test and you know that in this podcast I'm first running my ideas through you. The other one is an idea that I had recently with someone that I'm working with with a call center and I will explain to you a little bit about my thought process on that so that you can understand how you can adapt to different situations about different things and run ads for different situations. A little bit talking about the results and we have 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and a big question from Lyre for the end as always.

Not so big this time, just more around. So results so far. Results so far has been good on my end.

I'm really happy with the ad accounts that I have. Just to give you an idea, maybe from the 40 accounts that I manage, maybe I have three or four problematic ad accounts which if you're a freelancer you know that they're pretty enough to cause you to lose your peace of mind. But still only just some accounts are not working right now so I'm doing really well.

I'm really happy with the results. In the inner circle I get some messages that some people are struggling but I'm not seeing that except from some smaller ad accounts. The bigger ones Black Friday ads have started.

In most cases we start in all of the other brands on Monday. So it's doing pretty well, at least for me. And the thing that I have noticed also is that in some accounts I do see people, I do see ROAS being higher even without the Black Friday promo starting which is really encouraging for the results that are going to come during Black Friday.

Now I'm going to show you this print screen. It says, want to subscribe or continue using our products free or free of charge with ads. So basically these are new regulations.

We have seen an email in EU about being able to not seeing ads within the platform if you pay. They have lowered the price. It was higher.

This is coming from my personal mobile phone, I think laptop, that they asked me if I want to start using it and have no use free of charge with ads or pay so that I will not see ads. Of course I said free because that's my job and that's how I live. But some people might want to pay for that.

I doubt that many people will have to pay but EU is forcing Meta to actually give the option to the people to if they want to be advertised or not. So I don't know what kind of impact is going to have and again all of this is for EU and the GDPR regulations and all of that. Next one.

I'm having an idea which I run through the Inner Circle. We're in the process of testing it. So the news go like this.

First the Inner Circle knows about everything or maybe let's keep it like this. A friend of mine or friend of mine in private conversation or in a coffee here in Greece with Jonathan know my first idea. Then it goes through the Inner Circle.

Then it goes to the podcast when we see that it makes sense and I'm not saying crazy stuff and then it might become a video if we have more data like the Rapid Fire for example. Okay. So a lot of times you hear me saying that you can take the different countries and you have to do different clusters.

For example one cluster which is very typical that we use all the time is Germany Austria Switzerland. So what I have realized though and what I have seen by just saying okay let me break down the results. I'm seeing 80% of the sales coming from Germany.

So let me run now only Germany in order for me to be able to have better results. What I have seen over there is this that while I do have only Germany the results are not so good as they are when I'm running Germany Austria Switzerland. The explanation that I gave to that is because of the fact that I do believe that Germany is taking the majority of the budget but the one sale which is coming from Austria Switzerland, the just one sale which is coming from there, maybe it's helping on average the ROAS on actually having better results.

So what I have thought with my friends and on my own and what I'm going to do is this. So what we're going to do is we're going to do a cluster of let's say 12 countries, 20 countries, doesn't matter. In this cluster inside we're not going to add United States because always United States is going to win and actually spend a lot but we're going to add any other country that you want except from United States.

What is going to happen is that we're going to go there, we are going to see which country is actually becoming really good and is taking sales and if the results are also good, not just taking sales with very bad results, but if the results are good what we're going to do is that we are going to just see how much this country is actually spending, we are going to cut the spend to whatever it's spending on the previous seven days, we're going to divide it by seven to see how much spending every day and then we're going to remove all the other countries. Is it going to reset the campaign? Yes.

Is it something that works testing? Yes, it's a nice idea. Maybe it's going to work.

Because I was thinking and I was trying to reverse engineering the thing that if I'm using Germany, Austria, Switzerland, why it's not working when I'm using only Germany after that? And the reason is that maybe because I'm just liberating some budget it's not able to scale that much. Maybe it doesn't want to.

So the solution would be to just try to isolate this country by just leaving it spent how much spending already there. Of course, maybe this is just, but this is just speculation and this is my life just so you know. I'm just having these ideas, I'm testing them all the time and I'm seeing if they're going to work.

So the thing is that you are going to do this, you're going to put all these countries when you see one of them getting some really good spend with good draws over there, then you're going to remove all the others, start another campaign with the others to find your next campaign, lower the budget on this one. It's a speculation, it's a test that I'm going to do. If you're not lazy enough and you like Facebook ads in the way that I do, maybe this is something interesting that you can test on your own and see if it's going to work if you're working with multiple countries.

I'm pretty sure that I'm going to test it in, not now, on Black Friday, but on a normal period I'm going to test it with one of my students of Chosen5 or Noor. Most probably we're going to test it, we have already discussed it because he's running ads to multiple countries. And he's listening to all of the podcasts, so hi Onur, I will see you tomorrow because we meet every day.

So the next thing that I want to say is a little bit of interesting creative thinking outside of the box. So I have a client which is having a call centre and the call centre is working on specific hours during the day and on Saturday, but it doesn't work on Sunday. And you know, the thing is that you need to have the call centre in order to send people to do the call and they're getting paid from that if it's a valid call or not.

I'm not going to go into more details. So I was thinking of ideas, you know, trying to think outside of the box and this is maybe just an inspiration for you that you're listening to the podcast on if you have a different case or something, on how you can think outside of the box, utilizing boxes that are out there for other reasons. So the first idea that comes to mind is that okay, don't run daily budgets, run lifetime budget so that you can do specific hours of the day that you can actually spend.

But I was thinking, how can I do it in a more creative way? So the first thought that came to my mind, it was that what if I do daily budgets, but I do budget scheduling inside. So I'm doing daily budgets and I'm doing for the next 50 days, I'm just doing budget scheduling of spending 800% more.

This is the limit. So if you're spending, let's say 20, you can spend 800% more, it doesn't let you to spend more than 800% during the hours that they're the peak hours for the call center and then it goes back to 20. On Sunday, it's just going to spend 20, nothing else okay.

So you're losing some money which is this $20 during the other hours of the day, but you are spending 80% more during the call center hours. So this is a very good creative way of thinking. You can do it on a CBO, you can do it on an ABO.

I'm doing it on a CBO and I'm using a different creative inside the same ad sets which are having the same. So it's basically same ad set targeting because I have seen that this targeting is working with different creatives. Just one creative, I need one of them so that I can let my creators to compete with each other and just let them spend doing that.

So I thought that this was a creative way of doing it. Now the other way that I thought of it, just so that you can understand that even if you have some difficulties with your ads, there are always ways that you can just be a little bit smart using all of these different buttons and options that Meta is actually giving us. The other option that I thought is that what if I play with cost caps?

So I'm having a cost cap. I'm just doing it during the hours that the call center is not live. I'm just doing it to $5 while I'm getting $20 cost per purchase for example.

Not purchase, cost per call. So I'm going to increase it during these hours. The cost cap I'm going to increase it or the bid I'm going to increase it on $20, $25 and I'm going to lower it to $5 and I'm going to put a big budget like $500.

Okay, so as long as you're giving me $25 and I'm going to just play with this cost cap every day, two or three times per day or depending on the results that I'm getting. So this is another way for me to control it. While the call center is closed, it's not going to spend and the campaign is not going to just turn on and off.

It's just a campaign that doesn't spend. I'm keeping my campaign live while I'm making it work only on the hours that make sense. So I was, this is the thoughts that I had and I thought that it would be interesting sharing with you because maybe if you're a freelancer or someone who has a specific case, maybe this is going to inspire you and maybe you will take a little bit of this and that that I said and you will make your own strategy for something else.

That's all. I hope that this is going to be valuable for any one of you. If it's valuable for anyone, let me know about the case.

I would be really interested of how you used this information. Let's go to your questions guys as fast as we can so that we can do all of them. Okay, thank you.

In these cases of lower daily budget, does it make sense to run a campaign optimizing for leads if you have a way to qualify those leads and having a second retargeting campaign on those leads optimizing for purchases? So let me be clear on something. Whoever is proposing that you should do lead generation or you should do awareness campaigns or engagement campaigns and then or traffic campaigns in their retarget without a very specific reason.

So it has to be a very specific reason. I think that they are clueless and they should not be talking about Facebook ads. Okay, because there are a lot of people that even famous people that they are saying that you should run awareness or traffic ads in their retarget.

Okay, so we wouldn't ask for an email. We would ask a question to qualify and require specific behavior on our website. Overall, it would be just a workaround to facilitate the algorithm training.

Is it something we already showed as a strategy? Do you have a suggestion about this? My suggestion is that you should go for purchases since they won and that you should not be focusing to lead generation or traffic ads at all because this is the best way to train your algorithm.

There are specific cases. Again, on Facebook, we never say that this is not going to work anywhere. It can work in some cases.

For example, you might be getting lead gen for something really expensive like... I have something in my mind but I cannot say it. I don't know what to say.

There are some things that are very delicate. Okay, let's say someone has a small penis. Okay, and for...

Guys, this is reality. There are people that they have a small penis. Okay, the thing is that this is a very sensitive information.

Maybe they need to fill a form so that they can feel more okay with it. They're not going to just click and buy penis enlargement, for example, immediately. Sorry for the example but I'm just trying to make it tragic so that you can understand.

So they're not going to buy just like this. Maybe they need a warm-up through a funnel and a way of actually learning more and all of that. Maybe they will become a lead.

You will call them and stuff and maybe later you're going to convert them. Okay, so we don't say no but we do say that there are specific cases and no, it's not all of them about penis enlargement but you get my point. Okay, let's move on.

Let's move on. I just recently discovered your channel and I say it's amazing. Yeah, it's the only channel that's talking about penis enlargement actually.

Yeah, it is amazing. The content you provide is super helpful and I really appreciate... Guys, I'm stuck now.

I'm going to say I hope it's not helpful because you have a small penis. Okay, but I have to actually decompress and actually be serious about the podcast. So let's take it.

The content you provide is super helpful and really appreciate all the value you share. I'm currently running a general store for drop shipping but I've been wondering if general stores still perform well compared to niche stores these days. What's your take on this?

Would you would love to hear your insights? I'm not on a high budget. My scaling hasn't been higher than 200 a day.

That's decent for a beginner. Thank you so much for everything you do and keep up the great work. Thank you so much for the nice words.

I must say that to be honest with you, we don't criticize if something is good or bad by the niche or stuff. If the product is working, it's going to work. So I have seen general niches working.

I have seen smaller niches working. Now if you ask me if you will go to the pet niche like every other dropshipper, I will tell you to find something more creative instead of going to the pet niche like everyone does. Even if you go to the pet niche, if your product is good, you are going to kill all of them, you know.

So everything can work everywhere. It really depends on the product and it's not about if it's a general niche or a niche product and stuff. Now is it easier to train your pixel in a niche store compared to a general store?

Yes, of course it is. And it's better. Is it scaling as much as the general store?

No, it's not scaling. So you have pros and cons. If you go for the short term, maybe you should go in a niche store and try to find a way there.

Hey Con, quick question. I'm currently testing with ABO, new creatives and a budget 75 per day ad sets. So my average cost per result purchase is 9.1.

Should I kill a new test after 2030 if it doesn't perform or due to a bigger budget I should expect the first day to seem like not that good as it's spending the budget to try to figure it out? So because we have the boost from Meta in the first 24-48 hours and it's trying to give us good results so that the optimization can begin. So basically what's happening is that Meta says, okay you want purchases, take this low hanging fruit that I know that they're going to convert so that you can start your optimization process.

You shouldn't be having bad results if something is good. Sometimes you might have delayed reporting. This is another thing, but having bad results and just saying that Meta is trying to figure it out, it's not an option with Meta and not something that's happening.

If you see now a lot of checkouts maybe you should wait to see what's going to happen, but with your cost per purchase of 30 and having 9 cost per purchase I don't think that this is a crazy budget that you can decide if you can close something or not. I would wait 48 hours. I'm kind of answering myself here but I don't have the experience to tell if 30 or 40 are enough, even the first day if my average is 9.1.

I think that nothing is enough in the first 24 hours. You need to wait at least 48 hours in order to understand completely what is happening and to be honest with you, your budgets are also small but 24 hours is not a lot, okay, so you have to be careful with that. Next one, I would go for 48 hours.

Hi, is learning limited a big deal? Is it absolutely necessary to increase the budget to increase achieve 50 sales? No.

For me, learning limited and learning phase is something which Meta is doing in order for you to spend more money. I do believe that they do it in purpose and I do believe that the only reason that they do it is so that you can spend more money. I have seen ads going out of the learning phase and ads not going out of the learning phase and it has no difference to me.

I have seen ads going out of the learning phase and not having better results or staying for a longer period or being more resilient or whatever. So to me, it doesn't matter. I'm not even looking at it and also I need to say that if you are spending a small amount of money, you shouldn't be even bothered with this because you're not going to past the learning phase.

Especially if you have higher AOV and cost per purchase, you're not going to past the learning phase. So don't bother with it and just don't look at it. It's another way for Meta to push you to spend more money.

Is it possible that your account may collapse during Black Friday scaling if the budget was lowered in October? To be honest with you, Alexander, Alexandra, I have never seen this happening. But again, it's Facebook and I don't exclude the possibility, but it would be something that would really shock me to have a normal account which is working well, not another account that worked only for one month, okay?

Another account which is working well for a year and then because you lowered your budget on October, it's collapsing during Black Friday. You're having bad results during Black Friday when you try to scale. Because by lowering your budget, your ROES should have improved.

So I don't see how this is a possibility, especially during Black Friday. But again, I'm not excluding the possibility. Maybe if it's happening to you, you have to research if you have done anything to the website and stuff.

Because it looks like it should have been influenced by something else. Thanks again, I currently have a profitable 600-day BroadCBO promoting three of my best-selling items from my women's clothing brand. I also have three new arrivals that I want to test.

If I create a new 300-per-day BroadCBO for these new arrivals, will it split for sales between the two campaigns? Most likely no. It really depends on how people are going to see it.

Are you going to target different target groups with these new creatives? Or they are so similar to your best sellings that they are just going to target the same people? This is what is going to define it.

I watch your daily loop video and notice low performance when adding another campaign before, but I'm not sure I was observing it correctly. I would love your advice. Thanks.

It really depends. Whenever you are adding more budget, you are admitting the fact that you are taking a risk and you might have cannibalization. So the reason that I'm posting the daily loop is not so that you are going to be afraid of not doing it.

It's because I want you to know what is happening when you see that your ROAs are dropping and all of that while you are spending more. But the way that you are doing it is correct. You do another campaign with other creatives, you are not abusing the same creatives.

So this is something that they would have done also to test. But if it doesn't work, then you go back to your normal spend and everything is okay. Hello again.

I hope you are doing well. I have so many questions, but I will do one. Okay.

If you have one, two new creatives for a product you advertise, how would you use them? Okay. Inside an existing campaign with a new ad set or inside an ad set as a new creative or making a new campaign.

So you know that in this channel, we don't like to toss creatives inside a working campaign, but there are some exclusions as always. So what's the exclusion? Exclusion.

Basically, by the way, let me finish his question. We'll try to catch more clicks per plus conversions in general. How do you handle new creatives?

Thanks again about your interesting content. Keep doing it. So let's analyze a little bit of how we were going to do it.

Basically, what we were going to do is that we were going to toss the new creatives inside an Advantage Plus campaign or a CBO campaign, but we're not going to toss them with a new ad set. You can toss them either to... Basically, you have a lot of options.

Let me tell you. So in an advanced shopping campaign, if we're talking about the same concept, because you have created already a hot pocket, so basically based on your creatives, which are also targeting for you, because based on the creatives, you are actually making different people to decide if they're going to buy or not, you're forming a hot pocket. If the creatives are the same or the product, then the ugly is same, then it makes sense and you can toss them inside.

Maybe they're not going to take budget, but maybe that means that they're not as good as the main one. My disagreement to that is that maybe if you can... If you have done a new campaign, maybe they would have taken their own budget, but of course, we fall under the daily loop theory over here that they might cannibalize your previous campaign, because basically they just resonate to the same hot pockets and they are going to create similar hot pockets that each one of them is going to cannibalize the other because they're not different angles or different products.

Now, the logic here says that if you have done it, tried to scale and you have seen cannibalization, or if you don't want to test it at all, the logic here says that you can toss them inside, either on the ad level or as another ad set on a CBO, and you can see if they're going to overrule the ones that you have, which means that they're going to be better creatives. If they don't, they're going to stay like this and nothing is going to change for you, but if they do, you know that these creatives are better and you have a risk to cannibalize. On the other hand, maybe they're going to be creatives that they can take their own budget and be successful and be on their own campaign, and maybe they're not going to cannibalize.

So this is how you could use it, and yes, there are chances that you can toss them inside and you can see, but don't expect them always to take budget. They have to be better from the creative that you already have. In the previous podcast, I think we analyzed a lot with the debate the way that this thing is working with tossing creatives inside and waiting for one to overrule.

So maybe the previous podcast is going to help you. Next one. Hi, Costinous.

Thank you so much for your videos. I have been learning a lot. There are great examples with big budgets.

I have very limited budgets started beginning of November, and I've been running advanced plus catalog campaigns with some bestseller flexible ads running at 90 per day, US only. I have post store with 500 plus stores. Started running ads since June this year.

Overall 1.5 ROAS and not profitable, and just over 10k in sales. My current campaign is running at 0.87 ROAS. I tried Crazy Method a week ago and ROAS was at 0.95.

So if you have... Why did you try the Crazy Method? You tried the Crazy Method with something that's working.

So you had 1.87 and with Crazy Method you got 0.95. Crazy Method is not there to improve your ROAS. Crazy Method is there to make you have more sales with something that's already working.

So if it was having two ROAS, you would run Crazy Method and you would be able to scale a little bit more. That's why you use it. My question is that, should I keep this current campaigns running and give more time to optimize or should I shut it off and start new ones?

I think you should shut them off and start new ones because this is not sustainable for you. So there's nothing to wait here. It's not like you have 1.3 ROAS and you want to take it to 1.5.

So you're just going to give it time. Here we're talking about the total disaster. I see a bit of a boost of advanced plus when I first start running and ROAS starts to drop after my account is at 1-2 weeks mark.

A lot of times I shut off the ads, do more designs and then start catalog ads again. Is this the right strategy or should I let it run hoping it eventually will optimize and get in advance? No, you should not let it run.

Especially in the beginning of an ad account, you should be more aggressive. You started on June this year, okay, you should have some data but still you didn't manage to make the ad account profitable. So in my opinion, you have to be more aggressive and maybe with smaller budgets initially until you find some success.

Okay, another thing that you can do is that in order for you to become profitable, maybe if you don't change the numbers of your company, you are going to focus on the creative. There's not another way. So you run a campaign, you're having X ROAS and then you're just tossing creatives inside in order for you to find a creative which is going to do better and improve your ROAS.

That's the only possible way for you to improve ROAS. Yeah. Next one is Pashalis.

Hi Pashali. Hi, does Facebook Alcor sometimes choose spends on their own creative? If you have two videos creatives and you see Facebook spending on a creative that is getting lower ROAS, should I turn it off to help the ad set?

Or with time, Facebook will figure it out. Thank you, Kosta. Why in these questions this week everybody is so flexible and keen on letting the ads you know and being flexible while in other questions they are more aggressive and they want to close their ads faster?

I don't get it. But still, Pashali, let me tell you that if something is not working, waiting for you to get better and better in terms of ROAS, I think it's a wetted dream and you should not be looking for it or just give all of your hopes on that. I think you should do another campaign and try something else if you don't see it working.

Also, why is it focusing on the bad creative? Facebook doesn't know that it's a bad creative. So Facebook is trying to understand if it's a good creative or not.

So we do trust the algorithm but we are there to intervene when we have to. So what's happening is that sometimes we might see that Facebook is focusing on one ad. It has its own reasons, it doesn't matter like it's getting good engagement or whatever or good clicks, but if it doesn't give us the results that we want then we close it because Facebook is going to keep spending on that because Facebook is not doing it for any bad reason or whatever.

It believes that it's going to do that. If we don't want to give it more chance, we just close it, we do the optimisation that we have to do so that we can guide it better. I'm not one of the people that I do believe that we should let them do, we should let do the algorithm whatever it wants.

I'm just there to intervene and guide it by closing ads that I don't want to keep. Okay, that's what I do. Or for example, if it's a new pixel and stuff, I try to guide it with interest targeting.

But if it's a trained pixel, I'm going to do broad targeting and let it figure it out. But if I see that one ad set there is taking budget and most of the times, let me tell you that the ad sets, not the ad sets, the creatives that are taking budgets and they don't work, if you put them on another campaign, another campaign, another campaign, they're going to have the same behaviour. So there is a reason that they are taking budget and they are not working.

Next one. Hey bro, so here is the thing. What's the thing?

For my ad account only AC works. That's good. That's not bad.

I have tested ABO, CBO and they don't hit. The only campaign method is AC. How can I scale AC?

You can scale AC by increasing budgets because it's an ABO and it doesn't actually behave well or you can scale by doing multiple ACs with different creatives. Can I create multiple AC campaigns with different creatives in each campaign? Yes.

How would your approach be? Different concepts and different products and stuff so that you're not going to fall under the daily loop theory. What is the best method to keep scaling AC?

I have one campaign with four creatives, one creative is the winner. What should I do to scale over the roof? That's a red flag that you sent over there at the end.

You cannot scale with one creative over there. You have to work with more, more, more, more, more creatives in order for you to scale more. You can always try to scale as much as you can with your own risk of collapsing the ad account.

But if you want to scale sustainably and all of that, then what you should do is that you should scale with multiple different creators on campaigns or you can just keep start increasing the budget to start finding the point up to what you can actually scale. But the fact that AC is working for you is a good thing because AC campaigns are more flexible actually. So next one, if you use catalog ads in your AC campaigns, are you using the Carousel or the Collection ad format?

You can use both. Carousel, it's having more engagement because people play with the back and forth thing. Don't forget that if you use catalog ads with your normal creatives, basically the problem is that the catalog ads are going to take all of the budget.

So just do one campaign just for your catalog ads. Okay, and as we said now on Black Friday, you can use frames so that you can convert your catalog ads into Black Friday catalog ads. It's going to help you a lot to have another extra campaign that you can scale during that period.

What format works better for you? Catalogs. They're a little bit better.

And what is the maximum number of ads would you recommend on daily budget of 140 euros? You're doing a catalog. You're having one ad.

You mean maximum number on AC. Okay, you can do between 10 and 20. I would mostly like with this budget between 5 and 10, but it doesn't matter how many you add because at the end of the day, it's a dominant ad campaign, the AC, and it's going to focus in one or two or three.

And then you can duplicate the campaign and run the rest to see if they are going to also hit. So I wouldn't care as much as I care on how many ads I put inside the ads that's on a CBO, which I put three to five maximum. Over here, you can put more and Meta is going to decide the best one, which is going to become the dominant.

And if this is working, then you can duplicate and do another campaign with the rest. So you have this flexibility over here. So I wouldn't limit you.

Even if you want to do 30, do 30. They're not going to take budget anyway, and you will have to duplicate, duplicate, duplicate. But even if you put 10, not all of them are going to take budget because it's dominant.

So it doesn't matter. Anyway, guys, that's all. This podcast has reached its end.

We did much better time management for this one. And I will see you on the next one, which is going to be just on the weekend of Black Friday. So I wish you all good Black Friday.

I hope that you are going to make and have very good results. And we're going to talk then. This is the end of the first part of the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast.

If you don't want to miss the second half of the podcast, where I'm answering all the remaining questions of the week, visit my pattern page following the link on the description. This was the Facebook Ads Breaking News podcast. Like it or not, it is what it is.

Thank you.