Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm going to discuss with you why I don't like to scale with the 20% rule and of course with the help of ChatGPT we're going to do some math that are proving my point. So for all the people that are watching my podcast this is something that we have covered there. Of course I would like to make a video about it because the podcast is the podcast and the videos are the videos.

Basically the concept is this. I was thinking the other day that I'm just explaining why I don't like to scale with the 20% and what is happening is that when you are scaling then eventually this is something basically that is coming from my personal experience of doing it and failing it and failing and failing and I have found another thing that made more sense which was working with multiple campaigns. The 20% rule basically for all of you that you don't know is that when you have ads in order for you not to go back to the learning phase what you need to do is you need to scale daily or every two three days doesn't matter not more than 20% of your current budget so if you're spending 200 you should spend 220 on your scaling and you should not scale more than that because you are risking of getting out of learning phase with whatever that may mean.

This is a concept that a lot of people are using and they are just scaling with 20% because they want to have just one campaign that they're going to scale and all of that. I don't like that. I believe that with that way you're testing the limits of your creative or your product which is actually working but I also believe that scaling with different creatives and different campaigns and creatives that they have different angles for the product that you are selling it's much more powerful and I have case studies like the USA, UK and the other case studies, one year case studies that I have proven that you can scale while you're maintaining the same ROAS with this thing by just doing more campaigns and just changing the creatives to different aspects convincing people to buy your products for other uses that maybe they have never thought of.

So from personal experience and from common logic what I thought was that okay you're scaling but eventually you are going to make a mistake on your judgment or you're going to make a mistake maybe it's not going to be your fault it's going to be just a very bad Saturday which is going to ruin your results or something else is going to happen and then eventually when this is happening. From personal experience again when you try to fix this campaign only 50 or 40 percent of them are being saved after lowering the budget and you stabilize them but we're going to make a completely different video explaining what you can do if you overdo it with scaling. Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

Just having all of your eggs in one basket it's too risky for me so and I have seen it also on difficult periods that it was better to just have several campaigns that I was able to control the budgets or close one and replace another instead of having just one campaign that I'm just scaling with the 20 percent all of the time and eventually when something happens then the whole campaign is going to collapse and you have to start all over again and because from my perspective I like to work with clients for a very long period on stable ad accounts I don't like to do it if you're a drop shipper for example and you just want to test the limits of a product and just scale as much as you can yes the 20 percent can be used I'm not saying that it's not working I'm saying that it's more risky and I'm saying that eventually you are just going to make a mistake. So when I was explaining this to people they did understand it but then I said okay what if I what if I try to make more uh a more you know visual example and of course chat gpt comes in where we can ask questions and stuff and I just started playing and the concept was the same as and it's coming also from games that when you are doing something a lot of times consecutively eventually the possibility of you making a mistake it's actually bigger for example if you are throwing a dice from one to six and you throw once six and then you throw a second time six the third time you don't have the same possibilities of actually throwing six based on the fact that for two consecutive times you have thrown six if we throw the dice endless times the possibility is that it's always going to be one out of six chances of getting six okay but when you when you add inside the factor of consecutive happening one after the other then the possibilities are becoming less and less and less as you are rolling six with more consecutive times. So I would like to take you into my pc we're going to work a little bit with chat gpt to just do some math and some probabilities.

This is also an example which is a little bit more of a content instead of super super super accurate okay because we're not taking into consideration several other variables but I think that it's going to serve its purpose of explaining why it is too risky and maybe unblock the way of thinking that you have about working with one campaign and why working with several campaigns it's actually important. So the other day I was thinking how I can prove it so I came to my friends at gpt and I said hello how can I assist you so I want to solve a statistical problem. Sure I'd be happy to help with that what specific statistical problem are you looking to solve please provide as many details as possible.

So I say let's say that I do have a scenario where I'm about to be 90% correct on an action and 10% wrong. What I want is to calculate after how many consecutive times of being correct 10% of the times the 10% actually is going to become a 90% probability of doing wrong. What is the point of that?

Basically what I'm trying to say here is this let's say that I'm a very good advertiser okay I'm not going to talk if you are good with your decisions or bad but let's say that you're a very good advertiser okay so we're covering the skill possibility over here let's say that you're a very experienced advertiser and whenever you're doing a scaling over here you are 90% correct because you are very good. Even if you are very good at some point you are going to make a mistake because it's inevitable when you're being consistently correct eventually statistically we are going to be wrong once and the fun fact over here is that you don't have to be wrong necessarily but maybe it's going to be a bad move because it was you know a bad period it was a very bad Saturday or something else. So what I'm trying to find out is after how many times that I am correct the me the person that is very good and it's 90% of the times correct how many times does it need for this to happen consecutively in order for the 90% being correct it's going to be 90% being wrong.

There is an actual possibility to that and then it says to calculate after how many consecutive times of being correct the probability of being wrong 10% to become 90% we can use the concept of geometric probability distribution. I'm just going to let you read this because I'm not going to read it and then it says the number of consecutive correct actions required for the probability of being wrong to become 90% is approximately 22. Therefore after being correct 22 consecutive times the probability of doing wrong the next time will be about 90%.

Now what I want to clarify here is this I do know that for example when you scale with the 20% rule if you scale from 10 to 12 basically what is happening is that you are having 100% possibility of being correct. The same thing though is happening on the bigger budgets okay when you're scaling from 2k to 2400 with the 20% rule that means that you have a lower possibility of being correct because it's bigger budgets. I'm telling you it's not a perfect example but I'm trying to prove a point here so bear with me.

So yes in the smaller scalings you're going to always be correct because from 10 to 12 it's not going to make any difference and on the bigger ones you are having a higher risk actually. I have seen campaigns scaling up to 10k with the 20% but then the collapse is inevitable you know it's going to happen and it's going to be a huge collapse and then you're not going to be able to recover it to 10k. Now when is the right time to stop?

Nobody knows okay but all of humans are greedy or Facebook is a problematic platform with a lot of bad pills and stuff so a mistake is always going to happen either from human greediness or it's going to happen because Meta is going to have a bad period or they do a change or whatever that may be or they have a shutdown like the ones that we have seen during the spring of 2024. So the concept is this and I know that it has flaws but let's continue. So then we say if I increase a 20 dollar by 20% each day what will be the budget in 22 days okay so basically I'm trying to understand if I do that which by the way some people say about the 20% rule that you can increase it every two three days after you see how it goes and stuff.

We have videos about the 20% that I showed you how they were scaling and it was bad but I have also personal experiences with the 20% rule that it worked pretty well but I'm not going to make a video about them because I don't believe in the 20% I'm just saying that that it's not something that it doesn't work necessarily. Basically it falls under the category of what I'm saying that everything can actually work on Meta it's just up to you to find your own blueprint of what is working. For example I had one other account which was doing ruffles and on the last three days I wasn't even scaling with 20% rule I was scaling with three four five times more the budget of a campaign and going from 5k to 15k on an advanced plus and stuff because over there on the last days people are buying more and more so it's up to you to just adapt to whatever makes sense and of course to whatever you have tested and if it's working.

So if we come here we increase by 20 so the budget what is going to be after 22 days because I'm trying to see also if all of these risks until you make a mistake makes sense. So most people start their budget from maybe 0 on 20. There are few that they start with 50 but most of the times it's 20 and then it says by after increasing 20% 20 dollars by 20% this day the budget will be approximately 1,100.

You're doing all of this and all of this risk and let me tell you that before the 90% being wrong you had possibilities of 70, 80, 60% of being wrong so most probably you wouldn't statistically you wouldn't reach the 22 days. Let's ask it. Eventually.

Okay. Day 23 we have 8.86 so we're just losing one person per day obviously here. Day 23.86 so we have 9 people, 8, 7 and 6 people on day 26 but on day 26 the people that they have scaled actually it's going to scale significantly to 2.3k which proves the point you know if you think of it out of the 100 people only 6 people are going to survive this which is also dependent on how good the product is, how good their creativeness is, if they have engagement and all of that which is also another flaw on this way of thinking because we're not calculating all of these things inside but statistically not all of you are going to have a good product or a good offer and stuff so this actually explains it well and as we keep by eventually you know this is deemed to fail you know eventually there's going to be zero people that they can scale more because the probability of doing a mistake is going to be higher and higher and higher.

Okay so sometimes when you see 20% scalings and stuff in very good ad accounts and stuff just know that this is just a very small percentage. On the other hand people that are just having a lot of different campaigns and all of that I can tell you by watching ad accounts that there are much more many people that they are being able to scale like this comparing to this which is just an one side scaling on one campaign that if something goes wrong there is nothing that you can do in order to control it but sometimes you lower the budget and it works but most of the times it's just a full collapse and you have to start all over again. That's all guys I hope that you liked this video I played a little we played a little bit with ChatGPT you can also play on your own you can go to ChatGPT and just do these scenarios and stuff let me know if you find anything interesting and I hope that it's going to you know make you think a little bit more about it and I will see you for the closing of the video.

Again it is needless to say that this is just an example to explain a way of thinking of how I like to think within the ads manager and it doesn't mean that it's 100% accurate or correct. For example one of my friends Joshua who is a mathematician he told me that the first thing that they are being taught when they go to university for the math is that each single roll of the dice is an individual event and it has nothing to do with the others. You know it's not common logic but it's what maths are actually saying.

So I'm not saying that this example is perfect I'm just saying that this example is going to trigger some of you to think in the correct way. Anyway don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website and my mentorship programs of course and below my mentorship programs you can check all the reviews that I have from people already being part of the chosen five and the other programs and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.