Hi guys, just a very quick video update about AI enhancements, basically the Advanced Plus Creative. Meta is pushing it more and more and more and they're pissing me off a lot because they just want to improve it with our own spend. And they are putting it in very strange places so that they can keep testing and using the AI features.

And there are people that are asking, why am I seeing AI enhancements into my ads? First of all, when you are doing your ads on the ad level in the creative over here, the only way for you to be sure that there is nothing else left over here below you're going to do this and this, you're going to turn it on and off. Now you know that everything is off.

In order for it to be off, it has to say try it out. That means that you don't have any of the advanced plus creative. They change the names all the time.

Nothing of those. Basically, it's now actually live. The only thing that I like to use here is the relevant comments, nothing else.

OK, and there is another setting now that we have. I have mentioned this in podcasts and stuff. So this is the area that you will find it.

If you go to the menu over here, you will go to obviously I'm hiding here the name. If you go here, you will see the advertisement settings. If you go to the advertisement settings, you will be able to see here the advanced plus creative.

And if you click, you will see that they have the first option was this one that pre existed and it was having the check button. Be very careful. You might uncheck it.

If you check after one hour, you might still see it being checked. So you have to do it several times until you have it. It says about the 5% to new enhancements.

They are doing it because they want to train the larval. Not with my money. You're not going to do it with my money.

Give to the people coupons, coupon codes and free credits so that you can test all of these AI features. You're not going to do it in your own way. So I'm letting you know that this is not correct.

You should not let it happen. The AI enhancements, maybe in the future, they're going to be very nice and they're going to work very well, OK, but I'm not going to spend any money to it. OK, now over here, they have now a new thing that it says if you're currently using all advanced plus creative enhancements, you can test the new AI features and use innovative results improvements before other advertisers.

Choose the features you would like to test below and we may deliver them on fewer than 5% of your impressions across all eligible campaigns associated with the ad account. So they say here that they did this test. I'm coming here and I'm going to remove everything.

OK, removing, removing background generation. You see, it has this one before and after, before and after moving on your image. Imagine having an image and moving all of these things.

Text keyword we don't use, expand video. We don't want all of this kind of stuff and we're going to save. OK, and this is it.

Now you will have to come again tomorrow, the next day and the next day and start seeing if all of this have been removed because sometimes you come again and you might see them still active. So be careful with all of that. Don't let them use your money for this kind of things.

If they give you a coupon code and stuff, perfect with funding. But it might create a lot of problems. And I see a lot of comments from people coming and telling me why my ads are looking like this and all of that.

It's because of AI and Husbands. Thank you very much and I will see you in the next videos. We'll see you in the next video then we will see Yeah.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.