Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to analyze why a Facebook relaunching of your ads can save your results and your ad account draws. I have created in the past one video that I was explaining how a relaunch can save your results. So the principle is actually basic.

So what you're doing is this, you're having one campaign, it's having some good results, then it's dying. Does this mean that this campaign cannot produce good results again? The answer is no.

You can relance it, you can duplicate it and start it the next day at 6am, this is what I'm calling a relance, so that you can see if you can re-optimize it. And let me tell you that right now, and the reason that I'm doing this video is because I have a very clear example that I can show you of how a campaign started. It had 0.8 ROAS, I closed it and then I launched it again because I could see that it was having very good cost per unique click and CTR, so I gave it another chance and boom, it started having 4 ROAS now.

So what I want you to understand from this video is that all we care about and this is why we do the crazy method is the initial results and the randomness that the initial results have. If you are unlucky, if you have, if Facebook has a bad day, if you have a problem into your funnel that day when you're launching the ads, this is going to influence and have a huge impact into your Facebook ads. This is why when you know that something is working or has worked in the past or you can see indications from the traffic that it's coming, that it's having good quality traffic, then you should not just abandon it after one time, you should try launching it again.

Now, don't go into the other side and start relaunching campaigns just because you have the hope that they're going to work or just because you think that they're going to work again and again and again in the hope that they're actually going to work eventually. It needs a balance. So I'm not going to be tired of saying this again and again and again.

How does Facebook work? It gets one sale, then finds another person that is similar to this person that bought and another one based on the two previews and so on and so on. And this is how it's working.

So if you're unlucky with your initial results, your campaign is not going to actually optimize properly. That means that if you're going to relance it and you start it, it starts with a new ID. So it's going to target new people and these new people, maybe some of those are going to convert who are going to be closer to the ideal avatar of your client, which means that you're going to have better results.

That's all I have to say about it. Also, because I want to protect you from the fact that, okay, one campaign is not working. I'm seeing a lot of times people that they just say, I have to do new creatives.

I have to do new targeting. No, you should relance it. The other thing that we need to say here though is this.

The more you relance one campaign, the more it's going to die faster. So you need to do it as a plan and as a method so that it can give you enough time for you to do new creatives, new testing, new targeting on another campaign so that you can find your new winning campaign if this one is dying super fast after some point. It's not a solution that you can have for a whole year.

It's just a solution that's going to help you for some months until you find something else that's going to work. Eventually, when you're going to relance it again, again, again, it's not going to work anymore. So that's all I had.

Let's go to my PC to show you the two cases that it actually helped me. One of them, it's, you know something? I'm going to explain it to you there.

So guys, let me show you two examples and why I really like relancing campaigns and how it has helped me. So we can see in this account, for example, that I'm having here, that we started this campaign over here, which spent in two days 166. It spent a little bit less from 200 because we started the first day at 6 a.m.

So it didn't spend the whole day and it had 0.8 rush. What I have seen though, is that comparing to my other cold traffic, and this is not a very big account, it's just spending 4.5k. And now we try to scale a little bit more and then we will scale even more.

I'm sure about that. But here we are having 0.15 as cost per unique click. What has changed?

We are using dynamic creative ads, but this company has very good creatives in terms of posts. So after we defined what it was working with dynamic creative ads, we have done them as posts and I have done a structure that I'm actually having inside here, a broad targeting with 25 to 64 mail because I broke down the results and I showed that this is working very well in this account. And this is a crazy method of four ads and a budget of 100, which I have seen that is working in the past.

But this time inside we have three post IDs in each one of the different, three post IDs in each one of the different ads. And as you can see, I ran in the first day, I see one checkout, one add to cart, one purchase in the first two days, but I'm seeing this and I'm saying, well, maybe it had a bad day. And then I relance it.

And then we are having the situation that we are having over here. Cost per unique link click 0.4, 4.77% click through rate, which I consider this much better from my other campaign that I'm having as a call traffic and boom over here, 3.9% and in the last seven days, it's going even higher with 4.12%. So don't just go and do ads and just don't give them enough chances because it's all about the randomness of the initial results.

What I'm trying to explain. Now, there is this ad account, which is this is another account that is operating with OneRoyals Plus. And I know that for some of you, it might not as appealing as this account with six ROAS, this account with five ROAS, 5.7 and 6.3.

It doesn't look so appealing, but yes, there are ad accounts, guys, that are working like this. This is a new company with a digital product. So One Plus ROAS, it's actually profitable for them.

So in the last seven days, I'm having this campaign, which is having 1.33 and I'm optimizing it actually. But this account is just spending 3k per month. It's a very small account.

It's a startup and it's actually a brother company of one other major account that I have. So they asked me to manage also that and start scaling it eventually. So what I wanted to show you here is that if we come from, for example, from 30 to second, for example, this is the campaign, that this is exactly the same campaign.

So this campaign was running here because we want to gather data before we start scaling. And they also don't have stock and everything. It's a startup, all the initial problems that the campaigns have.

So we have one campaign which is running with 100, but this campaign started dying. Okay. It doesn't mean that I have to go and do new targeting, new creatives, new everything.

What I have done is I just duplicated it. And I just started optimizing it all over again. And you can see, for example, that even here on the 3rd, 0.62.

So it was dropping consistently just below. So I started my new campaign on February 4th. On the 5th, I'm having 0.71.

I'm optimizing. Okay. And then if we go and if we see it, I started optimizing it properly, closing the two, three assets that they were doing bad.

And this one here, closing the three assets that they were doing bad. And now in the last seven days, I'm in profitability. If we see here on the maximum, I'm also in profitability.

And if you see also the campaign that I closed over here, it was also on profitability. So this is what I want you to see from that. And this is what I want you to understand, that you cannot just close one campaign and then just try to find another solution, another solution, another solution.

You can just relance it. And especially with small accounts, which may be many of you, you are having, it's going to help you a lot to do relances because you don't have also the resources of doing all the time new creatives. That's all I want to show you on how relances are working.

I will see you for the closing of the video. So that's all I had for you. It's very simple, right?

You don't just have to reinvent the wheel every time that one of your campaigns is dying. And you don't have to judge one campaign that started and maybe it had a bad day or two bad days that is necessarily bad. You have to give it another chance if you have indications or past data that it has worked or you see that it has good traffic.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can check my book or my free course. Thank you very much, guys, for also buying my paid course. And don't forget that you can go to my website until we meet again.

Be creative and be consistent, guys! See you soon, guys!