Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about the social proof, how you can use it, post IDs and in general the whole strategy that you need to have into your ad account if you want to scale to massive numbers. So I have spent millions and millions and millions to the ad accounts. To be honest with you, I stopped counting.

I'm just saying to all of my CVs or whatever I'm sending to clients and staff 100 millions plus. Okay and this is the number, this is the truth. I have ad accounts that I'm spending five, six, seven million just in one ad account per year and this ad account is also having other.

I'm having another account that in Christmas I have spent half a million just in one account just in the Christmas period. These numbers they do pile up and I can tell you that in order for you to go to massive numbers like spending half a million or one million you cannot do it without social proof. That's a truth and this is what makes people buy more and more and more and more with your ads.

Let me break down to you how it goes so that we can have a clear structure. Let's say that I go in a new account. First of all I see what has worked in the past.

What has worked in the past is going to be something that I'm going to use again and then I will start from CBO campaigns that I'm going to do dynamic ads and I'm going to start testing creatives over there while I'm having sales. In my CBO I'm going to start using then different methods like stacked lookalikes, I'm going to start using interest if I can use interest, broad targeting, crazy method, high society and even manual bidding if I can. And then I'm going to as soon as I establish all of that and I see what is working there I'm going to start using other creatives because I can do exactly the same thing with other creatives and then other creatives and then other creatives and then what I'm going to do while I'm doing all of that is I'm going to take whatever is working with creatives and I'm going to put it on posts and use it as a post id so that I can start doing campaigns with that and building it so that I can be able to scale.

Let's see what are the fundamentals here of scaling and let's analyze it in a level of structure. First of all we have the scaling that you can do with methods. For me this is the weakest one okay and of course we're talking about businesses that they have good funnels and everything okay let's say that everything is solved and the numbers make sense and we have the money and we want to scale and how we're going to do it.

Methods. You have creatives that are working, you're using stacked lookalikes, crazy method pro targeting and stuff, you're using high society lookalikes, you're using even manual bidding which is going to help you scale a lot but let's set manual bidding on the site for a little bit. Let's go for with the conventional ways you're using all of that because I'm mentioning that because you can do that on your own by watching my videos.

Crazy method optimization cpo, advantage plus which is a new tool having all of that different creatives that you are testing and ever dynamic ads fine. This is one way and for me is the weakest. The second way which is I'm going to put them by the order of importance is manual bidding.

So if you're doing that and you're doing also manual bidding and manual bidding is working you're going to scale even more but again you're going to stop at some point. Have I scaled accounts to 200, 300, 400k per month like this? Yes, but I have scaled accounts even more with the things that I'm going to mention.

After that point what you need to do is that you need to start using other creatives. We have analyzed that the other creatives are different penetration to the market. So we have different methods, we have manual bidding which is a completely different story and then we have also different creatives.

Different creatives are penetration to the market from different entry points. We always mention the name with the car because it's very easy to digest. So the example goes like this that you have a car that you show the outside of the car, you show another creative that you show someone driving it with a beautiful lace so that you can go and you can penetrate the market to the ones that it's more appealing to them to buy a car based on the lifestyle that it's going to give to them.

And then you have one which is going to explain the horsepower and all of these specs of the car because there are some people that are going to be interested in knowing the specs because this is how they're buying a car. So you have different penetration to the market from different creatives inspiring the people to know how they can use your product. So this is number three and then after that all of this you can take and you can put it with the post ids.

So whatever is working on all of those you are just integrating it, you are just doing a normal post because you know that it's working and you start running ads as using existing post. When you're having a using existing post then you start having credibility inside. If you are a normal business and you have normal numbers and you have a good product you should not be afraid of that because the moment that people are going to come and they are going to comment and you can reply also on comments there you can manage them and everything and you will be able to actually have a post which is going to have maybe 1 000 comments, 2 000 comments and people below they say that they really like this.

This is the most important factor. The most important factor over here is and the final step to the scaling is to take whatever is working on your creative side on the other things and just you can do double the numbers just with that okay because it's not only that you're using it as a post id, it's not only the credibility that you have with the comments and posts and likes, it's also the fact that whatever we are showing on my channel with manual bidding, normal methods and everything, you can do it two times more with this kind of creative which is going to be the existing posts and the post ids. I can tell you from my personal experience that there is not, there are no big numbers without post ids.

All the big accounts that I have and they are working massively, they are working either with a post id that was created after seeing one combination of creative working and making it a post so that we can use it or by making a post that by luck, by mistake, it was boosted, it was having good results so we're using it after that point because we were lucky enough to have something that has worked without having to go through the struggle of testing again and again and again until we find the optimum combination. So for those of you that you don't know how to do it, I'm going to show you how to use a post id. Of course we have the videos in this channel that they are going to help you like the breakdown of results most probably this video is going to be at after this one so you will be able to see one of the previous videos you will see is the breakdown of results how you can define which creative is good for your bad and then we have all the methods like the crazy method and stack localx that you can go and you can go and you can watch the videos.

So here I'm going to show you the way that you can use the different post IDs and how you can create them. So the first thing is the advantage plus okay. We can see I just pulled two of the campaigns of this ad account.

This is a massive ad account which is spending a lot of money and of course as I told you in order for you to scale you need to have also this kind of setup. So we have spent in just these two campaigns 100k 3.12 ROAS. The break even of this account is on 2.2.

Very good results in total and the posts are actually producing higher ROAS from the normal ads. Of course the normal ads are also important because they are going to be considered a base. For me the post IDs and the post that we are using they are going to be used as a scaling thing.

So first of all let me show you on advantage plus. On advantage plus you know the structure is very simple. We are having here different ads all of those I can tell you that they are post IDs.

It's a very simple way of doing it is you go here you use existing posts and from the drop down menu instead of create ad you use existing post then you press here you select post and you can type something over here you can type the text that you're actually using into your post. You can come here and you can also add a url with a call to action button which you can change. Pretty straightforward, easy.

You put also your facebook ads and everything and it's working very well and when you have some good creatives you are grouping them all together. You are running your advantage plus campaign but the more here you're having sales all the engagement stays with the ad and the social proof and everything. So you can keep...

I have post IDs guys that I'm using for years and they're crazy post IDs with such big social proof and stuff. Nobody can beat that you know. The actual results.

The same way that we are putting reviews in a site when you have these post IDs that they're full of comments and stuff of people saying that they love the product that's the only thing that you actually need. So this is the one way of doing it here. The other way is with all of our traditional methods like the crazy method.

This one for example is a crazy method of stacked lookalikes okay. You can see that it says stacked LLA. Copy to all of them so these are stacked lookalikes and most probably it left two ones that I have optimized well but it did very well.

Here what you're doing is that in each one the way that I like to structure it is with three ads okay. So you use the crazy method instead of doing dynamic ads because dynamic ads cannot use a post ID you come here you create three ads inside the ad set you use again here select using existing post you do the same thing exactly. The way that you're structuring your posts as soon as you see which creatives are working and which copy and everything the way that you're going to do it keep into your mind that maybe for example if you tag a product you're not going to be able to use it as a post ID.

So do these posts if you come here and you cannot actually use it as a post ID just go delete it and follow the instructions that it's going to give you because it's always giving you a reason why you cannot use it. For example you cannot use as post ID a live streaming video that it was stored into your... I wish I could use some of those because there are some crazy ones that they are one hour long for example and they have crazy credibility with everything or some which are 20-30 minutes.

Anyway you can come here the structure that I like for all of my methods. The crazy method if you use a CBO with a lot of different interests, if you use a CBO with different lookalikes, a high society lookalike, whatever you're using here even manual bidding you can come here and the structure that I like is three to five post IDs different one the ones that you have seen that from your creatives and the analysis that you have done they are working very well and of course you know how we are scaling with our crazy method and everything you can do even another campaign with the same budget you can do another campaign targeting another interest. If something is working very well you can move it to crazy method.

In the advantage flash you can go as we said several times in some of the previous videos here that you will be able to see that scaling advantage flash is actually very easy because you see that the one leading ad you just go and you remove it and you duplicate the campaign you don't use this leading ad anymore and you're testing all the other post IDs and that way you can have five six seven different advantage plus campaigns that they are focusing in a different post ID and they actually have most of the post IDs inside being the same. So these are easy things to do when you have a post ID that is working you will see that your life is going to become super super easy. Whenever you're going to do ads and you put it somewhere you know that this post ID is working so you have to fix the other part which is the targeting the method and everything and if you're watching this video most probably you know very well that in this channel we have several methods.

So find the creatives that are going to work just put them in a post use the post in campaigns with all of these different methods and as long as the as long as the post is working don't worry just follow all the methods that I'm showing in the channel and you will see that you will have a very good ad account producing very good sales and you will be super happy with that. That's all I had about the post IDs super easy as a thought very difficult actually to happen because you need all of this data you need to spend a lot of money you need to locate all of the creatives that are going to work so good luck but keep into your mind that if you're in this kind of process and mindset eventually you are going to scale your account super super fast and you're going to have the best possible results that you could have with these kind of spends. So it makes total sense the social proof is very important and of course we are all competing with each others here I'm competing with other advertisers companies are competing with other companies and the more social proof you have the more it's going to help you have the best possible results and if you have posts like this or this or this or even this with 53k likes and all of these comments guess what is going to happen whoever is going to post an ad which is having zero comments is going to get much lesser results from you it makes total sense I hope it makes sense also for you and for your business and I hope that you will start using this as your core method in order to super scale your ad accounts don't forget that if you want to learn more about facebook ads you can check my book or my free course and until we meet again be creative and be consistent guys