Hello Facebook Catch People, I'm Kostantinos and today if you remember this video I'm going to show you the results of one year. So as I promised in the previous case study video I told you that when we're going to close one year with this client I'm going to show you this has happened on August where I closed one year. I'm going to show you a little bit of September also and how we progress because we go towards Black Friday and most probably I will do another one to show you how I managed everything during Black Friday and so on.

This is a video that's coming after me posting the three months and six months I believe it was of case studies for this brand basically it has been one year now so I wanted to show you the whole journey what kind of strategies I used here how I scaled it talk a little bit about the future and everything. Over here as you can see we're having 6.14 ROAS which is very good the break of ROAS of the account is 4. We have spent 1.6 million basically having a revenue of 10.1 million.

The situation is that we started here on August of 2022. Let me take you a little bit month by month show you the progress and the scale and then we'll talk how it was done and with the different methods that we actually use. This is on United States as I said and let's go.

So if we start on August of 2022 we can see that over here the spend was 31.9, 14.5. There's no point of having 14 ROAS if you can spend many more so okay what did they do over here they spent 30k they had 463k where's the scale to that okay and there are a lot of business owners that they do understand what scaling means. Scaling means millions if you're like this you will be making 203k 1 million per year but that's it.

Here we're talking about a brand that is not made that hasn't made just the 10 million they made 10 times that amount of money because they have also all the other sales that they came from the recognition from facebook. Let's go to see the journey so I come on September I scale to 57k 9.6 then on October October 8.68 ROAS 87k it's pretty easy for me at that point to scale because I go towards Black Friday of course and of course I'm having another account that is having crazy ROAS comparing to what it should have when it's scaling and I will make also one video that I'm explaining what is it better to have high ROAS or actually having volume of sales where we can explain it there. Over here 132k spent 6.47k.

Just to put a little bit of context so that you know the way that the market works is this. If you are spending 50k and you are having 12 ROAS you can do this for one year for one and a half year eventually the ROAS are going to die. Why?

Because you are not scaling and it's not because facebook is punishing you it's because you are not taking the market share that you should take based on the power that you have with us with this kind of ROAS and guess what is going to happen. The competition is going to take it for you. So the moment that you are having 12 ROAS for example and 50k spent if you are not going to scale eventually this is going to die and you will be left with the company that has done nothing.

Okay? You just made some money through the progress. But if you keep scaling, scaling, scaling then you are taking not only bigger profits because we are talking about volume but you are also taking the market share that somebody else would have taken which might mean that you are going to last for much longer with a product or two products or three products until you find new products or whatever.

This is how brands are built and this is why it's so important for the brands to have scaling because it's not about the volume of the sales and the money always. It's about the market that you don't allow your competitor to actually take from you. That being said going to December we can see that as you know most of the times I like to scale during Black Friday or any other attack period which we had another attack period which was on July.

I will explain when we reach there and then try to maintain a high spend because this is what we want. Okay? We want to actually take a market position and hold it so that nobody else is going to take it from us.

Of course it has to make sense with numbers and everything. We will talk about that. So over here we have six ROAS as you can see, 91k and then I'm trying to scale again to my numbers from Black Friday.

5.5 ROAS, 103k. Spent from February we have 6.44, 136. I'm scaling now on February back in the numbers that I had from my Black Friday period and guess what?

There are going to be good periods and bad periods. Periods that you're going to have less ROAS, periods that you're going to have more ROAS and the point is that in the periods that you are having good ROAS you need to scale more and in the periods that you are having a long time. So that you can hold it.

From the previous year if we can think of it, we had a very good February and a very good July. These two months were the best months so far in terms of results and you will be able to see it also in the results. In March what we have done it was 157k, 5.48k, March was okay also.

On April 133k, 6 ROAS over here. On May we did 151k, 6.34k. I would like to mention something about May which is very important.

I will do a separate video about it. You will see here that there is a period from 14 to 20 with 3.22k. What I do this period in order to overcome it?

Nothing. This is what you should do okay. If we take it from the different weeks we can see that from 7 to 13 we had a very good time, very good ROAS and stuff.

14 to 20 we had a problem 3.22k. This is the point that the market wasn't doing that well. Let me see if it actually continued like that on from 21 to 27k.

Let me see. Yeah it's picking up a little bit but I think that it was from 14 to 23k or 24k. Yeah.

So you can see that in all that period which is actually 10 days. 10 days I was actually having to actually keep it like this without changing it, without touching it, without doing nothing in order for me to overcome this period. What has happened?

We had all of this good period from February, March, April. Everybody was coming to advertise within Facebook. We had also a little bit May is a taxation period so people are not buying so much.

So we had a bad period. It doesn't mean that you have to go and you have to close all of your ads immediately and just try to, you know, lower your spending stuff. No, you can hold your position for 10 days.

It can hold and you can see that we have been compensated in the whole month because we were not afraid and actually got 6.34 with 151k. Okay, that being said, it means that if we have done changes on that period and change all of the ads and do all of these changes, most probably we would have an issue and we wouldn't be able to be strong then on June. Because in June we can see that I took it to higher spend 167k, 4.29k.

Again, there was a, I think there was a tough period over here again in the middle of something or maybe all the weeks were... yeah. So you see 18 to 24k.

You see again having a bad period. Again, I'm holding, I'm talking with the client, the client understands that there's going to be bad periods. Of course, there's more trust because we're working together for a year now.

4.87k, the lowest one that we had so far and I'm having a similar situation right now on September which I'm going to show you. But over here I maintain my position which helped me a lot to... oh this September, sorry.

Let's go again on June. On June 167k, 4.29k. Let me see if I have done the same mistake with May because I think that I haven't.

Yeah, yeah, no. On May I did correct. 223k.

Yeah. So this was the bad period. On June I was actually keeping the 4.3k.

Okay, no profit on this month fine but it helped me a lot to maintain my position and my spend so that I can be able to spend much more on July close to 180k with 5.26 ROAS and then go of course to August that I did spend with exactly the same spend. So if we see here the spend on July we have not same spend same ROAS and even better. 178k, 5.26 and then on August we have 226k spent, 5.59 ROAS.

Now this month and I'm going to explain why this is happening. This month I'm on 4.87, 176k. I'm going close to spending 250k.

Why? 255k. I want to spend on my next Black Friday period 400k or 500k and because right now the ad account structure which I'm going to explain a little bit is in such a deep level of being ready to do that, I'm going to start scaling a little bit my budget so that I can be able to have all of that spend which is going to help me go closer to my goal which is spending 400k.

At this point I'm going to start spending around 10k per day I believe. Again here we had a bad period I believe it's this week over here or even earlier maybe? No, not really.

Okay. So it doesn't look as so bad as I always thought that it would be. Why do I have the perception that this was bad week this one?

No. There is a bad week over here actually. Or maybe now that I'm watching it I consider 4.7 bad and I don't remember what happened in May which I had three ROAS.

Anyway, this month so far it's 4.87. I believe I'm going to close to 5, 5 point something because in the last days I'm seeing very good results even with higher spends. 8.49 on the 20th I get 6.

So I believe that I'm going to start getting this kind of results. The things that we need to learn from this. First of all, this is a structure of having several campaigns which is what I like to do with ad accounts they spend a lot.

I don't like to have a structure with one ad account spending all the money there. I like to have different campaigns so that I can look on the average. It's a completely different game.

There are people that are preaching that you should do just one campaign. I do like to do several campaigns with different creatives all the time, different strategies. I use Advantage Plus inside.

I use Advantage Plus Crazy Method. I use Crazy Method Stacked Lookalikes. I use Crazy Method Broad.

I have the limitation of 8 Advanced Plus campaigns so I had to do more strategies on top of that. I even use Cost Caps at some point on this account. The other most important thing is to watch the average and to wait for the good and bad periods.

When you are having bad periods you are not just going to close all of your progress or start like crazy testing things or changing this and that and that. The truth is that when you have bad periods you have to be lazy and you have to just sit there and wait for all the people that they came and they started advertising on Facebook to leave. And when you have good periods you are doing more ads and you are testing and you are actually trying to improve your results more.

And this is what's happening here. I hope that it gives you a clear picture of how a professional account is being managed. Actually it has more spend on the maximum but I came here at the end of August so I cannot say that this is my spend.

This is where I show you the previous one. That's the situation with the ad account. This is how I scaled it.

I hope that you know sometimes for people that they don't have access to this kind of ad accounts it's good to actually watch them to understand how they behave. For me if we want to just keep two points just to you know remember out of this case study is that first of all you have to be patient. Secondly it needs time and building up.

Not every month is going to be the same. When you are having the chance you're scaling more. Third thing is that volume beats ROAS.

That's the truth. It's not only about the money that you make, it's about the market that you are not losing from your competition. And believe me since I started with this company there have been so many competitors that they just came.

Which means that my only way of combating all of this competition coming it's scaling, scaling, scaling and becoming bigger. I want them to be afraid of me. I don't want them to think that they can overtake me.

So I'm becoming bigger and bigger and bigger in spend because whatever spend I'm increasing while I'm maintaining profitability it's a sale that I'm stealing from them. This is the most important thing to understand and the fact that you are going to have bad periods and you need to be patient and just don't touch anything in the bad periods. Touch things only the good periods so that you can have progress.

So I hope you enjoyed it. I hope that you learned something out of it. I hope that you can see the big picture.

If you are still small and I hope that you're going to grow to these numbers. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my free course, my paid course, my website. And until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.