Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today I'm coming to you with another case study, so let's go straight away to it. Big ROAS is good but we all know that there are other accounts that are operating with 2 and 2.5 ROAS. This account that I'm going to show is not so spectacular in times of having five, six ROAS and stuff because they have an actual value, it's much smaller but in this channel we like to show different things.

This is the reason that I'm going to create also some videos. I created I believe some videos about new ad accounts that they haven't found yet their ideal numbers. Whatever I see it's a stimulation for me, I'm trying to create and I'm always thinking if I show this to people maybe they are going to be inspired or they are going to learn something and so on.

So this is the reason that I'm showing all of that. This is a client of mine for the past four years. I know him very well, he knows me very well.

So we're going to see how we're going to scale more this year and the plan that we're following and let's go to my pc so that we can discuss the case study of this account. Okay guys, so now we're going to talk about another account which is having 1.5 break in Veroes. So we always aim to be between 2 and 2.5 if it's possible on some months we actually are able to hit that.

Again like the previous case study I would like to show you one year. I can show you several years of this ad account but let's stick to the last year because there is no point of showing you what happened for example, before iOS or what happened. Maybe it would be interesting but for a future video not.

Right now we go towards Black Friday so I'm trying to give you as much direction as I can so that you can see where you should be. So from August 1st until the end of August 2023 so one year. Should I put August 1st to August 1st to be one year?

So it's one year? No. Is it?

August 1st to August 1st is one year? Yes. So it's one year and one month.

Is it? A few minutes later. If I go from August 1st to 30th August of the next year it's one year and one month.

Okay so this is one year and one month a great study actually guys. So 1.1 million spent, 2.6 million revenue. Cost per purchase over here is much smaller because we talk about a brand that has t-shirts, hoodies, it's a clothing brand and over here you can see that we also go for volume and we try to scale.

The plan that we wanted to do for this month is if we go in the August we can see that on the August actually the spend was very low. It was on 34k. On September we're pushing more so the spend was on 26.6k.

Let's see what is happening on October. On October we go to 25k and then most probably we're reaching the Black Friday period where we're scaling a lot. 84k.

What has changed? You know that I'm with him for four years and stuff. It doesn't mean that the brand can grow as fast as we want but sometimes things are happening.

For example finding a best seller, building a whole community around it, a good storage house, stock, all of this kind of stuff. So on Black Friday 87k spent on December of 2022. 65k spent.

You always see that. We spend more on Black Friday then we push it a little bit back 2.72 rows even with that. What did we do on Black Friday actually?

What was the rows? 3.07. So we did pretty well.

He has done a very good promotion. 40% off actually and then we go on January. On January 2.4, 67k spent.

90k spent, 2.32, 200k revenue. On March February was a good month as you know. 122k, 2.03k.

Again like we discussed in the previous case study. When Facebook is letting you scale, you just take the position and you scale because it's very important for you. Even if one month is doing bad, in the whole year your average is going to compensate you for this month.

So we go on April. On April we can see that we have 88k, 1.82k. Not a good month at all.

We had a lot of stock issues also on that period. A lot of times there are things that are happening in reality which are stopping you from growing. There we go on May.

It's even worse. Still the issues that we have 1.78k. Still we're a little bit above profitability but still it's not enough.

I had to even cut spend over here. Then on June items that we have seen that they have been working, they come back in stock 2.45.86k. And then if we go on July you're going to see that I'm spending almost double the amount 170k.

Basically it's a huge jump from 2.45k ROAS and 86k. This is one of the rare cases that you increase the spend and the ROAS also increases. So 2.73k ROAS, 170k.

I'm going super strong with 197k almost 200k spent, 2.1 ROAS. It's good still because we are growing. And then we have this month that we are on 2.01k, 114k and we're going to keep growing like this until we reach the Black Friday period.

My goal for this account is to spend 300k. Now, what we should learn from this other account? Okay, of course, I cannot say that this is the actual scenario for everyone but 122k, 2.03k on March, on April, we had a bad period, 88k.

The ROAS that you see here is because of stock, that's the issue. But still you have to keep some spend, okay? Because a lot of times people might say, okay, I'm going to close my ads for example because of stock.

No, you need to keep your ads even if you're losing a little bit or something because as I said, the the amount of money that you are not spending is going to be spent by someone else who is going to take the profits. And then we go on May and again I'm trying to hold my position until the stock is coming back. I'm trying to have a spend over here and now on June I was actually able to scale it a little bit more.

And on July, as you know, this is what happened. So this is a situation. A lot of times you're going to have issues.

When you're having a business, an e-commerce business, it's all about having problems all the time and finding solutions to them. This is not something that is going to stop. You are always going to have a problem.

Is it going to be that your storage house is too small and it cannot accommodate your needs anymore and you have to go to bigger? The stock is not enough. This is a company that's making collections all the time.

It's impossible for them to have stocks, especially on new items that they are becoming bestsellers. It's impossible. What kind of strategies are we using here?

So in this account, we're using also again a lot of different Advantage Plus campaigns. I really like to use Post IDs. They have very strong social media changes, especially Instagram.

So I do like to use Post IDs with Advantage Plus because in that way I'm building also the engagement that I can use in the future. I'm using different creatives. I'm using different products.

I'm using stacked lookalikes a lot which are working very well and I'm also even using cost caps which has actually been working pretty well. You can see over here that... let me see how much we have spent with this one.

If we go from July to June 2002... so we can see over here that... where's the campaign with...

let me find the cost... okay the cost caps. So the cost caps over here they have spent almost 8.9k 3.02k.

I have videos about cost caps. It doesn't mean that you have to do them necessarily if you don't understand them, but sometimes there can be some extra budget on top of what you are actually spending. I guess that's all I had.

You can see in one year the journey okay. There are bad months, there are good months. It's all about you know doing crisis analysis and trying to actually overcome these periods.

This is why it's also important when you're working with someone to leave them enough time and space to actually do the changes that they have to be made. Of course as I told you I'm working 4 years with this client and this is the time now to actually start scaling to big numbers. I will keep you posted on this one because we will have also some results after Black Friday.

If we want to keep two or three things from that is that it doesn't mean that necessarily you can grow as fast as you can. Secondly, you can still be super profitable. You don't need to have three, four, five rows.

You can go for volume and two rows. Having small average order value items means that you need to start, you need to try to increase it a little bit and this is what we have done in the past years. Increase a little bit the average order value in order for us to be able to spend more money because the ROAS was going to drop.

We managed to drop the break of ROAS to 1.5, 1.6 and we always try to be above 2 or even close to 2.5 and we have done it. You can see that all of this is on 2.4 to 900 to 200. I don't know which dates I'm keeping here but you can see that in general in the average, it's a game of average numbers okay.

Maybe one month you're going to have 1.7, another month 2.4. It's how you see it as a whole and how you scale it as a whole by having a structure with a lot of different campaigns which there are very easy to manage. Imagine for example having only one campaign and having a problem with stock, you would have to close everything.

Over here I had the luxury of having different campaigns so I was able on the difficult months to at least maintain a budget of 80, 70, 90K, 67K in one month which was the worst month and try to maintain that in order for me to be able to have a strong position for the next day that I would like to scale. I hope that this is teaching you something and let me know in the comment if it does and I will see you for the closing of the video. So I hope that you liked the video and hit a like, subscribe if you liked it.

I'm going to post another one next week or in the next days about United Kingdom because we talk so much about United States so I want to put something for United Kingdom also and maybe some others in the future. I don't know, I will have to see because I can't just post only case studies. Sadly I will have to post also other videos and there are so many topics that we need to discuss.

Black Friday is coming and all of that and I need to post content also for that which is going to help you during Black Friday. That being said, if you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book, my free course, my paid course and my website and until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.