Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about the tailored sales preset that Meta is proposing to use. Is it good or is it actually bad? If you're lazy and you don't want to watch the whole video, I would suggest you not to use it so you can go now and do whatever else you have to do with your precious time.

For all the others that they want to stay so that we can go into My PC and show you how it's working and why we should not use it because it's a little bit more technical, what we win, what we lose in terms of the settings. Let's go into My PC and let me show you what it is, how it works. Most of you are not going to have it into your ad accounts, it's only on some other accounts I guess and maybe Meta is never going to use it at all but you should know if you see it into your ad accounts if it's good or bad to actually use it.

Let's go and let's see, I have one ad account that we have this option if we press create for example here we press sales and then we press continue we can see that we have this option tailored sales campaign. Okay in several other ad accounts when we do that we are able to see here that we have manual setup and we have advanced plus campaign. So you know maybe some of you you're wondering but this is another thing if you press continue over here you're going to see that it looks like if we see it first of all we have to see it just like it looks like a campaign just like the one that we have in advanced plus because it has the setting but you cannot see the campaign level you cannot see the ad set level you can just change the name here special ad categories so here we are at the campaign level basically it just consolidates all of the settings in one page it's like one page checkout I guess for e-commerce stores here you take the pixel the event the budget when it's going to start and then we go to here that you have your targeting and you can do advanced detailed targeting on which means that you are leaving it open and facebook is going to just target whatever it wants.

I was thinking of doing another video about detailed targeting but I don't want to just produce videos just to show you this setting and that setting and that setting because you know I have better things to do with other videos I guess but detailed targeting it's something that Meta is pushing because the algorithm is becoming better and better with broad targeting so now they're pushing that. I have seen also some settings that you put detailed targeting and you can put some targeting there some keywords and then it's going to start with those keywords and then it's going to expand it to broad targeting which is nice if I see one of these other accounts I might make a video because I feel like this is revolutionary because right now in the detailed targeting we have a problem for the new ad accounts. The new ad accounts cannot use broad targeting in most cases in some cases they do it immediately and it's working but in most cases they don't and what we can have with this option if they do it I cannot remember in which ad account they have seen it when I see it in another account I'm going to do a video immediately.

You're having some keyword options and then it expanding it expands it to broad targeting. This is how my blender method was working with lookalikes that they were expanding to the potential reach of audiences but here the detailed targeting if it's going to work as I think that it's going to work it's not going to be just broad targeting but they're going to have some options to start from some keywords and then expand to broad which is much better instead of using just broad targeting and just letting Facebook to you know target whichever. It's good for trained pixels but it's not good for new pixels so maybe I think that this is a solution that they are going to find in order for new ad accounts to be able to use also broad targeting eventually of course starting from that and go to broad targeting and then we go as I said it's consolidated we go immediately over here and we can see that we have the page we can do the different settings here and everything.

Now I don't see any option here to do different ads which is completely different from what we have seen in advanced plus campaigns and it really worries me because I believe that this is all about having one campaign with one. I'm guessing that if I create it and then I duplicate it's going to let me do another ad within the ad set. Maybe we can test it let's see.

Okay so I just published one tailored sales campaign we can see here that if we go inside here if we it doesn't let us to duplicate. Okay that's that's new I didn't expect that to be honest with you so basically the tailored sales campaign is just a pure consolidation okay it does doesn't even have the option for dynamic creative ads. I don't think it does.

dynamic creative ads no okay that's brutal so basically what you're having here is you're having just one campaign which is having one ad and that's it you're going to spend all your money to it. Well that's the ultimate consolidation way that I have seen so far from Meta. I strongly don't suggest it.

I have used it it doesn't work pretty well and of course it's the same thing as doing one campaign with one ad set and one ad. At least on advanced plus campaigns we have a lot of different ads and then we can optimize it also. I don't like solutions from Meta that you just do this spend your money and that's it you're going to get some results and you have no option of optimizing anything.

I don't do it and when it comes to that I think that you should not use it. I think that it is not effective. Keep into your mind that if you ever see advantage targeting I think you should start using it because most probably it's going to work well.

That being said don't use it guys it's not a good setting. It's not in many accounts which means that most probably Meta is testing it across other accounts to see if people are going to use it and if it's going to work. They don't call it advantage because now Meta after the success of advanced plus campaigns they call everything that they want to use advantage because it's considered now good and that means that not a lot of people are using it and we're just seeing it in some other accounts and most probably it's going to be removed and it's not going to pass the last phase which is going to all of the other accounts like what happened with the advanced plus which is going to be available in all of the other accounts all of them until the end of the year.

Whenever I tried it it wasn't working well and of course it wasn't working well because of the presets that it has inside. I had better success with my manual sales campaigns. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my free course, my paid course and my website of course and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.