Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about the correct timing that you need to have when you're optimizing your ads in a daily basis. As you know in this channel we're pushing the concept that you should start your ads the next day at 6am. Why we do that, we do that for the reasons that we explained on the video, you can go and you can watch it.

The same principle applies here because of the fact that if you are doing changes during the evening you're going to just have these changes apply only for some hours of the day until the budget is going to reset because the budgets are daily, they are resetting at 12 o'clock on the night on the time zone that you have applied into your ad account. So if you're changing at 8 o'clock the change is going to apply only for this hour and then it's going to start all over again. I think that the best period to actually change your ads it's in the morning.

Let's say you wake up at 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock and stuff. My whole plan for example in Greece is that I'm waking up and I'm not doing the optimization immediately in the morning. I'm waiting my evening because all of my clients, most of my clients are in the United States so I'm waiting the evening to do it.

For clients that I have in UK, I'm doing it in the night after the reset. So you have to adapt your program in a way that you're going to do it or after the reset or in the morning so that it can have several hours for your changes to apply and actually see if they're going to work or not. Because for example if you're having one ad set that you want to close and you don't like it anymore it doesn't make any sense for you to close it in the evening because for the whole day it actually spent.

Okay also we are watching and we're evaluating in all of our optimization the results based on the last seven days. If you have last seven days and which is not including the day that you are watching the ads okay and you're optimizing, if you're doing that and you're doing it in the evening that means that if you do it like this it's going to not show you the results of the day. Maybe in the day it got sales or whatever and you shouldn't have closed it.

But when you take decisions based on the last seven days in the morning that means that you're taking correct decisions with correct data and there is no hidden data for the day that you're running down. Now this is not so important because you can actually optimize by just including the today day when you're optimizing but still I think that the best optimization hours are the morning hours so that you can have the whole day to apply all of your changes and actually make the difference because this is why we optimize. We optimize so that we can make our ads better okay not just because we want to touch something here and there.

Another note that I have for this and I'm going to say it in this video I'm not going to do a separate one is that a lot of times I see people that they say for example I want to change this on my copy this here and there and stuff which is also a change. I wouldn't suggest you to do these kind of things because it resets the ads. So if you have an ad which is optimizing and in the last seven days it has 50 sales even if you change a comma or a full stop or you change a spelling mistake whatever okay this is going to reset it and it's going to start all over again the optimization trying to find data and sales.

So I don't think that you should touch them when they are working. If something is not working you can duplicate it and start it all over again it's fine but keeping you to your mind that whatever you are changing apart from the budget and the name of the campaign ad set whatever it is everything else that you are going to touch there it's going to reset the ad and it's like it's starting all over again from the beginning. Let me tell you that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book or you can check my free course and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.