Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss the most asked question in my channel. Should we introduce new ads in a working Advantage Plus? Guess what?

The second biggest question is should we add creatives or new ad sets in a working CPO? Well, since Advantage Plus is a new thing, most of you are using it because it's working also and I have also a lot of videos about Advantage Plus and yes, these questions keep coming again and again and again. Should we use new ads in a working Advantage Plus?

Well, I'm going to go into my PC and I'm going to show you how an Advantage Plus is working, answer this one forever. We have talked about this extensively into my podcast but I think that I should create also one video so that it can be in the channel so that I can refer to people whenever they're asking this question. Okay, so let's analyze Advantage Plus campaigns, how do they work and why it's not a wise idea to add new ads within an ad set.

Advantage Plus campaigns, we can see that in this account I'm using several of them and I want to show you how it's going. For example, let's go into this one which is an older one and maybe go, you know, in the lifetime just to check which one is the oldest and so. So, this one is one of the oldest ones over here, okay.

And in this one over here, if we come, we can see there's one ad set, okay, and we have several of those. We had 17 ads and we are left with two. In the last month with this one, we had 3.43, not the best one.

Maybe it's time to move on eventually here but still I believe that I'm keeping it because in the average I'm getting 5.5 which is good for me with 150k spent and 823k revenue. But let's discuss a little bit of what has happened here. So, in this specific one, most probably I didn't start with 200 in this Advantage Plus, I started with higher and then after optimizing, optimizing and just having some ads that they were not working, I was closing, not ads, ads that they were not working, I was closing ads and eventually I'm left with these two that they're producing the results that I'm happy with.

Not only in the campaign level but also in the average results level for the scaling of the account. Because as far as I know, I believe that in the previous month, I believe that in February, in this account, I spent 100k. Okay and now in this month, I spent 150k and most probably the next month, I will spend 200k.

So, if we watch it like this, we can understand immediately that these 200 dollars that we have over here, 400, 500, 600 dollars that you have in Advantage Plus, they have already been distributed. Advantage Plus is a consolidation method as we said several times in several of my videos that it's actually focusing most of the budget in one and this is one of the rare cases that it's focusing the budget in two. If we go in another campaign for example, we can come in this one and we can see that in this one, as you can see, the majority of the budget is going towards one and the other one it's having some other sales but much lower spent.

And then we can see also here that we are having just one focused here, we had only three. Most probably I was testing something, I don't know what. And here we're having three.

One of them is having insignificant spend, the other one is having 11, the other one is having half of the spend. So, as we can understand over here, we are having a structure that we are having a consolidation method with only one ad set but it has always a dominant ad. Except from the rare case that we have two that they spend exactly the same 50 50 50 but it's a very rare case.

Most of the things what we see and this is how we optimize it, we see the dominant ad and based on this dominant ad we are deciding if our campaign is doing good or bad and there is no point for us to go and go inside there and add other ads because the Advantage Plus campaign has already decided which ad is good, how much money it's going to spend to it and whatever. I'm going to analyze in another video if we can scale it or not but what I need to say at this point is that when you introduce another ad most probably it's not going to get enough budget and the second thing is that even if it gets enough budget maybe it's getting budget from another ad that has already been decided as a good ad and this might cause several issues like losing the balance of how much each ad is actually spending in order for you to have a good profitable ROAS or another thing that can happen is that eventually the leading ad is going to take more budget because a lot of times the mistake that people do is that they introduce new ads and they say okay I'm going to give more budget to this one but when you have Advantage Plus campaigns that they have a dominant ad even the more budget that you're introducing is going to go towards this working dominant ad so this is not a solution at all. So two things it's not going to be tested efficiently so there's no point of testing it there if you want to test it efficiently and not lie to yourself do another Advantage Plus campaign and put it there.

Secondly you might end up losing a good campaign just because you want to mess it up or you want to add something else or you want to improve it or whatever okay. Another thing which I see which is crazy is that a CBO or an Advantage Plus is working and people say okay I think the discreations are good I'm going to go change the copy so that I can make it better and boom they lose the whole campaign. There is no point of touching something that is working.

This is how the Advantage Plus is working and it has already decided the budget there is no point for you to go and introduce other ads they're not going to be tested efficiently or they're going to ruin the whole campaign. Maybe you are lucky and it's going to work but it doesn't matter because in most cases it's going to cause the problems that I have already mentioned. So if you want to see what is this all about you can see the video about the AI background testing that I have done and it explains everything.

Just a brief concept for those that you're bored to see it. Lazy people. We have three different campaigns.

One of them it was having white backgrounds. The second one it was having all of the creatives that we had. The white and the backgrounds that the AI Dalet 2 created and then we have a third campaign which was having the white backgrounds starting the first week, a next set of backgrounds starting the second week, a next set of backgrounds starting the third week and the next set of backgrounds starting the fourth week.

Basically what happened over here is that we created all of them inside the Advantage Plus campaign and every week on Tuesday I believe, 12 o'clock on the night we were opening the week two ads, the week three ads on the next week, the week four. Now we are in the process of opening all of the ads okay and I'm going to make a separate video about Dalet 2 and the results. Just a quick teaser the AI backgrounds didn't work only the white backgrounds are the ones that they are having good sales.

Something that we say a lot of times in the channel and we answer as a question. Should I put new creatives in a working Advantage Plus and the answer is no because the budget has already been decided and what I want you to see here is on the maximum period you can see that this one is week one, week one, week one and then we have week two and week two that they have spent 166, 134. Of course I'm not able to touch this campaign, this is why I haven't optimized.

For example, I cannot close the ads of week one over here. You see the leading cut here is on 0.85, it's never going to work so if I closed it maybe I was going to liberate budget for the others and everything but I wasn't allowed to do any changes, just open the ads. So over here you can see that the budget, let's say that this one was a winning, was having a winning return on ads spend.

Over here the problem it would have been that it has already been spending 1,600 from the whole lifetime budget, the other one is 600, the other one of week one is 262. So all of the budgets are going there and it makes sense okay because they started since week one and then you can see on week two some of those they got also but I believe that the reason for that is because on week two we just had some extra and there were not so many. Now imagine that as we go on week four we have so many that the budget has to be divided so much across the ads in order to serve all of them that it's almost impossible and also we have the fact that for four weeks these ads of the week one they have been spending and they took the majority of the budget.

We said a lot of times that the Advantage Plus campaign is working in a way of dominant ads. Of course this is the reason that we would have closed this over here in order to improve the results but this is a meta test so we're not allowed to do anything. But over here as you can understand this one is taking the majority of the budget and you can do nothing about it.

I will just go over here in the last seven days just to show you. In the last seven days what we can see is that again we have week one week one the majority of the budget and this one 452 111 and then you have all of this look you have week three 73 okay it got one sale we were lucky 69 53 on week three again imagine that this is seven days okay it's not even just one or two days then we have 45 40 39 31 okay this is week three week two this is not enough budget for it okay and you can see that this one is just coming from week one but it doesn't spend a lot of money. So as you can understand the more ads you're putting inside there unless if you're closing some of the past which I don't like it also because it's not a new campaign the more you're putting there the more they're not going to spend enough money so that they can be tested efficiently and of course is it fair for example for this one over here to taking the majority of the budget with 452 and the next one taking 100 and then all of these others are being scattered to this you know it's 42 40 39 it's never going to work like this it's not enough and if we take it just in a maybe in a daily level you will be able to see that the amount of money that they are spending in a daily level it's not even enough if we go on 25 you will see over here that we get the majority of the budget is 48 okay and then we have another one on week one on 17 and then you see 11 9 7 7 7 5 5 why is this happening because all of our budget has been attributed to the ads that they started so if the campaign has already decided the budget attribution this is not going to change magically just because you are adding new ads inside there and let me tell you that the budgets are daily i don't care if i see in the last seven days that they have spent 50 60 70 it's all about what we are asking from facebook in a daily level what are we asking here here it's like we're asking i want a sale for nine euros seven euros 7.5 7.06 this is what we are asking so if the budget is not enough in a daily level just because there's one ad on the top from week one that is sucking everything or one ad from when we started our campaign then the other ads are not going to be tested efficiently and they're not going to have enough chances i hope that it makes sense i hope that you understand the concept of daily budget that every time everything that you spend in a daily level this is what you are asking in a daily ratio from facebook basically even if you have spent in a whole month 200 dollars it doesn't matter what really matters is what you spend daily so when you do this kind of changes it's not going to get you anywhere i hope that this is going to help you stop asking this question and trying to always do that and that like it's like it's a like like it's a campaign that hasn't done any budget attribution to it budget attribution to it and you can just do whatever you want if you want to do it like this you can have an abo campaign and do new ads and test the new things it doesn't make any sense for you to go in working cbo in working advantage plus and just tossing inside creatives just to test them doing your campaign what what is the issue with that are you bored of it so that's all i had for you if you are not convinced even after that i don't know what else to tell you but all i know is that i'm very happy for meta having these crazy ideas and proving to me that i'm correct i knew lately that i was correct because i i know because i go deep inside how i should optimize the campaigns so it wouldn't make any sense otherwise if this was going to work it would be super contradictory to all my theory about optimizing don't get me wrong maybe here and there one of them it's going to work and it's going to be lucky one lucky with a small spend that is going to have it's going to have a sale which is going to shelf you continue and maybe it's going to be absorbed inside the working advantage plus but it's not the right way and i hope that it makes sense now with the data and with all that i said in a technical level if you want to learn more about facebook ads you can check my book my free course course for my paid course and guys until we meet again be creative and be consistent