Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm going to answer the second most asked question in my channel. Should we use new creatives in a working CPO? So I guess it's in the human nature.

I guess a lot of times people they just want to complicate things when they are not complicated. So let's trade this up because I'm getting this question consistently since the day that I started my youtube channel and now that Advantage Plus is here the most requested question is actually if we can do more creatives and test more creatives in a working Advantage Plus campaign which is something that we will do in another video because it's a different explanation. Now in a CPO campaign let's talk a little bit about what CPO is doing.

CPO is distributing the budget among ad sets so that it can find the best ones and distribute the more budget to them. That means that when it's starting, optimizing, it uses first the engagement so it understands if people are engaging with this post, they are commenting a lot, liking it or clicking or whatever or if it's a video, if they're watching a lot of it and everything, then it spends more money to it. So after some point you have some ad sets if you're working with dynamic creative ads or you have some ads that they have already optimized if you're working with ad sets and several ads that they're taking the majority of the budget because they started as good engagement and either we didn't close them because they had sales or we closed them because they didn't have sales and then the budget went somewhere else.

But eventually we have a balance and we have a campaign which is spending money across here and there and there is no point from us to come and introduce new creatives or new ads because most probably they're not going to be tested efficiently and I'm going to explain. So as I said earlier, I don't know what drives people of doing this and they want to put new creatives in a working CBO but if my explanation is going to help you of not doing it because I'm sick and tired of watching people doing it, maybe it's because they're lazy, they don't want to do another campaign, maybe because they believe that Facebook is pushing the consolidation, they just want to have one campaign. Now let me show you in this.

So this is a CBO campaign, it's a crazy method, broad targeting. Okay let's see what it has in maximum. So in maximum we spent 42.4k here, 363k, 8.57k.

Of course we are scaling and we are optimizing at the same time but it doesn't matter. Let's say at the last seven days. Over here we are seeing that we have a balance over here okay.

So the balance that we have is that we have a leader ad which is spending 7.47k. This is good. This means that in the next period most probably we will have higher ROAs in this specific campaign and of course we're using dynamic creative videos and we're not using different ads.

I really like this setup especially with Crazy method, ProTargeting and as you can see here we have this. Now most of the people what they would do is that they would say okay I don't like the 3.91 for example over here okay and if you know from this channel the way that we optimize is that we say okay this can be our volume, this can be also volume and quality in this specific case. This for example now it's quality, it's bringing more ROAs and we want to keep them in a balance.

We don't want to disturb the balance because if I'm going and I say okay 3.91 it's not good I will close it by the way. Break-even ROAs for this account is 4.5. So in this over here if we come and we say not break-even ROAs, the ROAs that the client wants.

Break-even ROAs is much lower. If we come here and we say 3.91 it's not within our targets then what is going to happen is we're going to close it but guess what is going to happen. If we see yesterday this one had 59 spend.

Maybe this 59 spend is going to go among all the other ad sets. Maybe it's going to go just in one ad set and it's going to ruin it because it's going to scale it when this ad set wasn't supposed to scale because it will try to find people outside of the hot pocket that is targeting right now and that's the whole purpose of the crazy method and basically it's going to disturb the whole balance that we have created after optimizing it, closing three ad sets here, leaving the others because we found a balance of each one of them spending the amount of money that they spend with the amount of money that we want them to spend in a daily level and for us now if we come and we introduce another ad set first of all we disturb the balance and the second thing that is going to happen is that this has already decided where it's going to spend. The other thing that I mentioned earlier in the video is that these ad sets especially in dynamic creative ads and cpo campaigns they are optimizing in a way of first checking the engagement and then and this is why we say also that it's not good to test videos and images together because videos are actually taking more budget because even one second of autoplay is going to be considered an engagement but in images we need better actions like clicking, commenting and all of this kind of stuff which takes more dedication from the person that is watching the ad.

Now the other thing here is that when you are having engagement the ones that you're going to introduce here they're not going to be tested efficiently because the other ones they have an optimization event of purchase and they have already purchases so the budget is going to be distributed in this campaign since we're asking for purchases as optimization events to all of the assets that they have the purchase event and they have already done purchases. Whatever is going to be introduced as new one then that means that it's not going to be tested efficiently it's going to take maybe a small budget and if we're going to be lucky enough it's going to have some sales and then it's going to take budget. But my way of thinking is this you have new creative what is the point of actually putting it here since this one is already working.

Do another campaign, start all over again the process, optimize them there and see if they are working or not. There is no point for you to disturb something that is already working. In conclusion, don't do it.

You should not do it, it's not working. Don't disturb things inside the ads manager or inside your campaigns that are working. We are having all of this optimization and everything so that we can stabilize it, find the control and then leave it alone and then do another campaign and another campaign.

There is no point for you to try to touch it just so that you can try to improve it because guess what? You're not going to improve it. You're going to ruin it and it's going to be destroyed and you're going to have issues and you're going to start losing ROAS.

So don't do it and don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book, my free course or my paid course or my website and until we meet again be creative and be consistent guys. Thank you. Thank you.