Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to increase if we're increasing the budgets on CBO and ASC campaigns and when. So I was in the Inner Circle, I was discussing with my friends over there with freelancers and stuff and with some people inside the Inner Circle and I said look it's not it's not okay to increase the budgets just do another campaign and stuff and I do understand that I have created this idea in the channel that I never increase the budgets and stuff which is wrong because then I went with a coffee with my best friend Jonathan, you have heard a lot of you, maybe you're going to see him in 2026 actually we're going to do a podcast together now you might say why in 2006 because this is when the new studio is going to be ready and all of that to do the podcast but he was telling me why are you telling them that you're not increasing the budget while I have seen you increasing the budgets and while I'm also doing it all the time this is wrong. And I am realizing at that moment that I try to protect people in my videos while I don't understand that sometimes I need to say what I'm doing exactly and whoever is going to do a mistake because he's an amateur is going to do a mistake.

So yes I do increase the budgets on CBOs and advanced shopping campaigns we're going to analyze a little bit when I'm doing it so that we can have it over here but on the other hand I need you to understand that because I because he told me also during this he told me okay a lot of times I f*** the campaigns up but I still do it. Yes you are risking of doing a mistake over there it's much more sustainable of doing it with another campaign and so on but you might fall under the daily loop over there so maybe if you fall a lot under the daily loop theory when you do new campaigns with your own creators maybe it's good to actually increase the budget in one. Let's analyze when I'm increasing the budgets and how and we will take it from there.

Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. In ASC campaigns it's much easier for you to increase the budget why because it's actually an ABO campaign so it's an ABO campaign which is working with a dominant ad so basically if you think of it the majority of your budget is going to go into a dominant ad and I'm not talking about increasing the budget immediately except from some special cases that all of your ads for example are taking budgets and they are having good results but in any case it's an ABO it's working with the dominant ad so it's much more easier for you to increase the budget and I have seen it with my own eyes that these campaigns are much more easier to increase and decrease the budgets without being influenced a lot comparing to CBO campaigns. CBO campaigns now are more difficult to increase the budget why because you have several assets and the distribution of the budget goes from the campaign to asset level to ad level and this is a problem because the moment you are finding one balance with specific spend and specific assets that they are taking this spend and they're distributing it so you are going to have a problem if you break this balance.

On the other hand if you have a CBO and you ended up optimizing with just one ad set you have no problems at all. So the problem on CBO campaigns is that if it's a CBO that is having one or two or three or four ads inside if you run a crazy method for example which are optimized and they have a balance with a specific spend and all of that and then you increase the spend then basically you are trying to find a new balance between these assets but if you have a CBO which is having a very dominant ad set or one ad set for example or a very dominant asset taking 80% of the budget then there is no problem increasing the budget. Let's discuss a little bit about the ratio.

The ratio is something that it really depends on the ad account and let me explain what I mean. A lot of times I see people going from one ad account to the other and not filtering that they are in another situation. For example I was speaking with one of my students in chosen five he has three stores.

In one store he has a cost per purchase of 50 and in another store he has a cost per purchase of 100 because he has higher AOV. Of course the people which are more experienced with more stores eventually they do understand that they have to work with bigger AOV products and stuff in order to be able to scale more but this is another discussion. So the thing is that he was treating the ad account of the 100 cost per purchase in the same way that he was treating the ad account of 50.

We fixed that because that's why we have the mentorship program but on the other hand I want you to understand that your scaling it has to be something that is really dependent on the cost per purchase. So if you have something and just a stupid example which is not stupid actually I have seen it. If you have something spending 100 and you're getting a cost per purchase of 100 and you increase it by 20% or by 50 dollars whatever then what is going to happen this is why I don't like the 20% rule for example for every single case.

The 20% rule yes it can work very well if you have a cost per purchase of 30 40 whatever but if you have 100 cost per purchase and you do increase the budget of by 20% that you're going to make it 120. Do you know what's going to happen? It's going to give you again one sale with 120 this time so it's going to be more expensive for you and what's the point that's going to give you maybe a second sale maybe on 180 190 200 because your cost per purchase is already on 100.

So you need to understand how much you're increasing your budgets and what you are asking. So if you are having a cost per purchase of 100 and you do 150 then either you are asking for two sales with 75 each or you are going to get a sale for 150 okay. So that's the whole point of increasing the budget.

So in my opinion I'm not going to follow a rule or an equation of increasing the budget I'm going to increase the budget with a logic way of thinking of what kind of results I'm getting and what kind of results I want to get. So this is all about advanced shopping campaign and as you can understand in this case it's easier because we are having a dominant ad and all of that and the budget is not going to be distributed. In the CBO campaign when you're going to increase a budget you will have to calculate that also this budget is going to be divided among several other ad sets so you have to calculate also that and see how much you're going to increase.

This is a problem with CBO and increasing the budgets on CBO and this is why ad accounts that they are having only advanced shopping campaigns they are actually more stable in the long term because even on bad periods that you have to lower budgets and do all of these kind of things in order to save their account you are going to be able to be more stable with another account that's having only AAC campaigns. Now if you cannot do AAC campaigns profitably sadly you have to work with CBOs but they're more difficult to handle for the reasons that we mentioned earlier. So yes I do increase the budgets yes I was trying to protect some amateurs in the channel but I'm going to stop doing that and I'm going to just go into deeper and deeper subjects because I can see also from the questions that it's becoming more and more deep and to be honest with you it's easier with AAC it's much more difficult with CBOs but the whole point here is that you need to increase budgets not with 20% or whatever.

By the way the 20% is coming from the fact that Meta says that if you increase no more than 20% you're not going to get out of the learning phase. If you are long time in the channel you know that we don't care about the learning phase especially on the smaller ad accounts doesn't make any sense and we don't need the 20% and if you're here also but because you want to share an equation of how much you're going to scale then you again are not here for a long period of time we don't because we don't work with blueprints. Every ad account is different and I gave you an example it really depends on the cost per purchase and the behavior of that account how much you're going to scale and yes you're going to try to scale if you want with something but when you see that you have the room.

For example if you're getting two ROAs and your break-even ROAS is 2.1 don't try to scale but if you're getting four ROAs because a creative is very good okay instead of you doing another campaign you can try to scale this one by increasing the budget or for example before Black Friday or during Black Friday you can increase the budget on campaigns that or promo campaigns that they are not campaigns that you want to keep and you can increase the budget because you are going to close them after the promo. So there are a lot of cases that you can increase the budget but there is not a specific way. So if you have a cost per purchase of 150 an average order value of 1000 you're not going to increase by 20% it doesn't make any single sense but you're going to increase based on what you think that makes sense in order for you to get two sales, to get three sales, to get four sales if you're getting one sale per day okay in the specific ad set or ad.

I hope that it makes sense. I hope that you understand that this is how we increase budgets and I hope that you understand why I was not talking about it earlier because I don't have an easy way of actually telling you increase by 30% for example of your AOV something like that. I don't have any equation like this.

I just do it based on each other account. Don't forget guys that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website, you can check my mentorship programs where we speak about all of these things and we fix mentalities and the way that you should run Facebook ads. You can check all the reviews from the people that they have completed the programs and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.

We have access to that in your experience and flexibility.