Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about this. If I slow my spend, am I going to increase my ROAS on my Facebook Ads? Recently I was in a forum with a fake name like I always do because I don't like...

I don't go with my own name to say all of my opinions about the things that happen on Facebook Ads and everything and I realized by talking with people over there, experts, that they didn't understand the concept that I was telling them, look if something is happening then you have to slow down, stabilize the account and they were saying what do you mean by stabilizing? How can you stabilize an account if it's not doing well? So what I realized is that they don't understand the concept of loading the budget and stabilizing the account in order to push again then getting bad results, lower it again, push again, push again until Facebook is going to give you this.

Now on February we had a very good month which was having good results and good ROAS but on March which is right now we're having a lot of issues with accounts that they spent a lot on February and now they're struggling in March because of inflation, because Facebook is changing something. Does this mean that all of these accounts they have to be negative? No, you can start lowering the budgets, bring stability, the ROAS that you want and then try to push again with the next moment that you will feel secure, you will have new creatives, you want to push more or whatever.

So the concept is very simple. The same way that you're optimizing one campaign in an ABO level and you're saying okay if you're spending 150 you're not giving me the ROAS that I want if you're a single asset or whatever then I'm going to lower the budget and try to spend a little bit less in case that this is going to increase my ROAS. We have explained a lot of times the bell that we have in the asset level and how this is helping us to optimize in an ABO level.

The same thing is happening in the ad account. Each ad account can spend an amount of money, maybe big, maybe small, it doesn't matter, but if it's going to spend more than that then it's going to start losing on ROAS. That means that if you are able to stabilize your account with good campaigns, lowering the budgets, then you can stabilize it, be profitable and then try to focus again on scaling whenever the possibility is going to come.

And this is why I'm going to show you some ad accounts, how they're behaving because I told you, I realized in this form that people don't understand it and they just have a budget in their mind and that's it. Maybe you're not going to be able to spend 100k in one month, maybe you will spend 80k still doing it profitably instead of being just focused on spending 100k and if it's not working cursing your guy who's managing your ads or on Meta or on Zuckerberg or on whoever. Let's go on my PC, let me show you how I stabilize on our two accounts, let me show you also one new account with a new pixel and how unstable it is and how you try to stabilize it until at some point it's going to work.

So what's the most important thing for all the things that we say? Live examples. Let me show you.

In this ad account on the March 5th, I started realizing that the ROAS are dropping and then while I was spending 6k over here on the March 6th, I lowered the spends and by lowering the spends I don't mean that it's just how when you drop the budget, you do optimization, okay? You see where it makes sense. You see first of all you're working with the campaigns that they are starting losing a little bit on ROAS.

I can show you the last 7 days maybe on this example. I remember I was doing something today about it because today it's on the 15th. So if we go on the 7th, we can see that we dropped to 5.4 and 10.8 ROAS now, okay?

Now you need to understand that when you're dropping the ROAS, when you're dropping the spend, then you're actually able to maintain the ROAS that you won't even improve them and this is going to help you also get some results. Now, over here, I want to show you for example that on the 6th, we had 5.8 and 2.02. We started our scaling down.

It wasn't enough. On the 7th, when we dropped to 5.4, we go to 10.8. That means that at that point, we are able to actually say that, hey, we're having very good ROAS here.

Let's stay on this budget. Let's see what happened on the 8th. It's 5.2.

We dropped a little bit more because of the optimization that we were doing. Let's go on the 9th. Again, you go to the 4.9 over here, 6.49.

What's the difference between this and that? So 5.2, here you're dropping on the 9th, 6.49. You are able also to go on that level until you are able to stabilize it for some days and then when you're able to stabilize it for some days, 6.6, 4.78.

On Saturday 11th, 4.89, 4.8. I'm happy with these numbers by the way. On the 12th, 5.68.

So we're on 4.9, stabilizing it. 4.2 on 4.79, 4.8. 6.16.

Okay, we see that the spend that we have right now give us 5.31 ROAS with 34k spent on the last seven days. This is stabilized. I didn't get after the lower of the ROAS any three ROAS, two ROAS or whatever.

I always was getting up above 4.5 or 5, which is what I want for the health of this ad account and the ROAS that I want to achieve. So the previous account was a little bit bigger. Now let's go in another account which is spending somewhere around on 3k per day, for example.

The previous one was spending around 5k and then I'm going to show you a little bit smaller one so that you can understand the difference. The smaller one is also a fairly new pixel, not good results yet. We're trying to find the solution.

As I told you, I don't care about flexing. I'm going to show you also accounts that they don't do well. On this one, we can see that on the March 5th, we're having 4.9 which I don't want to drop on this account.

I don't like to drop below 5. I like to always be above 5. So almost here we're spending 3k.

Lowering the budget on the 6th, we managed to control it on above 5 with 2.758 spent and 2.68 with 7.55 and let's see what happened on the next day. 2.68, 8.45. So I'm happy with that.

You see that in this case, I didn't have to actually go and drop a lot my budget. I went from spending to 2.9 to 2.6 and boom, it worked flawlessly. This is what I'm saying that you need to try to control it.

Slow down a little bit, when you stabilize it, then try to attack again. Another thing that I would like to show you is how we optimize a little bit in these cases so that there are not going to be any blank spots and then we will go on the small account. So on this account, which is the first one that I showed you, on the last 7 days, we can see that we have problems on these two campaigns.

Of course, I'm not going to go and touch this one, this one, this one, if I don't like my average results. If my average results are fine, by the way, I'm not going to touch any of those, even if they have two, even if they have one row. As I'm not, I'm not going to.

The more you are touching them, the more you try to improve them, the more you're going to ruin them. But in this case, let's say that we don't like 5.3 and we want to reach 6k. What I would do is that I know that the two problem makers are this and this.

Okay, because if I come here on this one, for example, which is an advantage plus, I would see that this is on 2.4. So what I would do, I would decrease this one from 500 to 300. Let's go to the other campaign, which is on 2.42.

What I would do here is that I would see maybe, maybe decide to close this one. Come on, Facebook. Maybe decide close this one, which is the first one, which is my leading ad on the advantage plus campaign.

Maybe I would decide to relance it with $300 trying to get better results, or maybe I would close it and limit this to whatever this one is spending. So if you watch yesterday, you see yesterday, this campaign is almost dying, I believe, but I would do, for example, something like 100, 150. So immediately from this one, you could see that if I didn't like the results, I would lower by 200 in the first campaign and by another 200.

So 400 down in order to try to increase it. And if everything is doing well, then do another campaign and try to scale again. Let's go on the other one just to show you.

For example, in the last seven days here, let's say that we want to have six above. Okay. So what we would do here is that we would see which ones are the problematic ones.

This one, for example, this one is spending 500. It's left with those. Most probably, I would try to close those, this one, or maybe I would try.

In this case, we have two leading ads, as you can see in our Advantage Plus. So what I would do is I would try to close this one in order to keep this one and also this one. And then I would try to lower it by 100 maybe, because I'm having a strong league ad.

If I was going to close both of them, I would leave just this one with just 200. Just I'm giving you some examples so that you can understand. But my point here, before we go to the small account, is that I don't want you to just go and lower budgets to all of your campaigns, just lower to the ones that they make sense.

I hope that it makes sense guys. And this is how you stabilize ad accounts. Let's go to the small account just to show you a little bit how strange is behaving when the pixel is not trained and how you also do the same thing over there, moving back and forth.

And then we will close the video. So this is a new ad account with a new pixel. So we're trying to make it work.

Over here, you can see that we are having 0.86946 spent on March. On the 6th, I'm coming. I'm having 926 1.09.

I don't like the results. So I'm coming. I'm optimizing also the same way that I told you.

Boom. 1.69. Breaking my rules of this account 1.3.

I'm not even hitting it on the last 7 days. I'm trying to, but I have some days of success, which means that if I continue like this with strict results and everything, eventually I'm going to hit it, but it's going to take some time. It's a new pixel and everything.

So over here by lowering the budget 1.69, then if we go on the 8th, bad results again, even with a lower spend. And on the 9th, 2.41 with this spend. A lot of times in these accounts, which are new and the pixel is new and everything, you need to be a little bit more flexible on one day and not panicking.

I know that this is something that most people wouldn't do and they would just panic and close all the campaigns I get with 0.4. But let me tell you that being cold logic and super logical on what you do, it's really going to help you a lot. And these are the small things here and there that they're helping you to train accounts and be able to overcome.

But don't be mistaken. This didn't change anything because if we go on the next stage, we can see 0.84 with this spend. It's an unstable account with an unstable pixel.

On 11th, we go to 0.97. We're trying to maintain it and give it time. 0.86 with 400.

I'm guessing that at that point, it's time to decide if we're going to do new ads. And as you can see, I already closed this because it wasn't working anymore. So that's the sad truth.

These other accounts need constant help and you need to do campaigns again and again and again all the time and try new things, try different things and eventually the pixel is going to pick up. You're going to have some success in one campaign. Your campaign most probably is going to die super fast and then you will try to revive it and so on and so on.

But this is how the new pixels are behaving. So that's all I had for you. This is how you're going to manage the losses in a smaller account which has an untrained pixel and it's not stable.

This is how you manage the losses in a bigger account where you also need to maintain spend while you're trying to control the losses. And don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my free course or my paid course and of course my website. And until we meet again, be creative, be patient guys because it needs a lot of patience especially in this month and be consistent.