Hello Facebook Catch People, I'm Konstantinos and today we're going to discuss a little bit about targeting. I know that with all the changes that we have seen in the platform with so many interests being removed and everything that we have a very big problem in terms of targeting and kick-starting our businesses. And of course for accounts that are big and they have trained pixels we can go with pro targeting or the options that are left or use my crazy method link it's going to be on the description.

But what is happening with new businesses, the businesses that they are struggling with new pixels and stuff that they need the interests. Well when something like this is happening we have to be creative from our part. As you know I'm always closing my videos by saying you have to be creative and consistent.

So this is a part that I'm going to analyze to you how you can be creative with your targeting and it's not the end of the world as long as we can think a little bit outside of the box. So now it's the time that I came to my PC. I would like to show you some creative ways to overcome the obstacles of the targeting that we have.

One big example is veganism okay. Veganism it's a niche that we can see that it still exists but I can assure you that back in the days when you put veganism you could see a whole list of many interests and now you're just left with one interest and it's a huge interest also. It's not for a new business.

So let's think of it. If we put veganism here in the United States you can see that the targeting it's huge okay. If we remove the detailed expand option it's actually 40 to 49 million.

I'm not saying that you should not test it but I'm saying that it's only one interest. How can we put more interests to that? I'm having a whole video which is coming and it's all about audience research, how to find different audiences and how to do your research because I don't believe that targeting veganism is the best possible way.

Targeting only veganism is going to cause you to actually compete with other people that they are lazy and they don't do a proper audience research. So having other interests like people who are into veganism okay like public figures or maybe magazines or maybe fan pages, brands that are all about veganism you know. All of this kind of stuff that they are circling their niche instead of you just putting one keyword.

So if we want to be creative on that we can say that hey we have veganism but we can find other interests also. So instead of just doing an audience research on the veganism we can do an audience research on the people who like meat. And a stupid example over here not actually stupid because I have used it already and it's working is that you can exclude this time the people over here and you can say that hey I'm going to exclude the people who like meat.

Okay and you can come here you can see that it's also huge audience but you can put more and more people like let's take the meat over here let's take the turkey meat and the more you move down you can you can move down your way by adding more and more interest making it smaller. I need to point out this that if you're having five interests that they're working in the veganism space for example you can have another five exclude audiences okay with five interests that you're excluding that they're going to work. So instead of being limiting to just being limited to just five options now you're having ten options instead okay.

That's the whole point and that's what I want to explain. Now let's go to another example one of the niches that was that has been heavily impacted by these changes is a Christian niche. This is a niche that I have also a lot of clients I'm working with and I love to work in that niche for obvious reasons and at the end of the day I must say that almost all of the interests have been removed from that and I'm actually really sad about it.

So what are we going to do? We have to be creative of course in that case you cannot exclude for example people in in Islam okay because it was also removed but there are other things that you can do and let me explain. So if you are within the Christian niche you know that it's all about communities okay and in any niche that you are I strongly suggest you to understand your niche.

If you are not within the niche read a lot about the niche try to become a member of the niche because if you're not passionate about something and you don't understand it you will find less interests or less ways of reaching people within the niche compared to other people that they are within the niche and they have a store in the niche that they love and this is what is happening most of the times with people in the Christian niche. They're within a niche that they also love so they know and they understand what these people think and how they should approach them. So if you are within the Christian niche you know that it's all about the communities okay.

So there are a lot of communities that they have neighborhood or areas that they are in specific community that they are Christians and this is something that you can target. Let me show you just an example over here okay. Let's see over here we can go to Oklahoma City for example okay.

Let's go to Oklahoma City. I don't live in United States so I don't know but let's say that we have over here next to the Oklahoma State Fair Park we have a very strong community of Christians. How do you know it?

You know it because there is a church and there is someone who is preaching and he is actually inspiring a lot of people and you know that these people are part of a very big Christian community. Instead of just targeting the whole area you can target here you can take the drop pin you can put it in the area that it's next to this and then you can work with a mile radius okay. You can go up to one mile radius.

As you can see when you are dropping the pin here and you are having one mile radius it's just taking one block maybe two blocks in total okay. So it's a very efficient way for you to be able to target like this because as you can see also the potential radius is 25 to 29 000 and I'm not talking about doing only one pinpoint but doing your research okay. But this is your job okay.

I know it's difficult to find all the pinpoints but imagine that if you take the extra mile of doing that a lot of people are not going to do it. So you can go and you can pinpoint the different areas that you want to target because you believe that there are potential customers there. And don't forget that here you can put people living in this location.

We don't want to target tourists. You have seen that it has decreased a lot. Now if you take a lot of pinpoints like this you can make very strong audiences and this is something that is going to help you kick start your business.

I'm not saying that you should do this for scaling okay. I'm saying that you should do this when you are having a new pixel and you don't have enough data into your pixel and you want to start from somewhere and you have all of these big audiences that Facebook likes but they are not good for new pixels and new ad accounts. So the moment you will start thinking in a creative way and these are just two examples that I have found in order to show you that there are more ways to do targeting if you think out of the box instead of just crying because Facebook removed a lot of the audiences that we used to have.

So that's all that I had to propose about targeting and thinking outside of the box. Use the exclusions, use the pinpoints to find local communities or neighborhoods that something is going to work for you and at the end of the day, by the way, you can also use over here if you click on the search locations, you can type any address and you can also, if you find the addresses of the churches, you can also type the addresses and then target within one mile radius. This is also another option.

But at the end of the day, as you have seen here in this video, there are a lot of options and I think that if you want to do something good with your Facebook ads and you're starting now, you need to start exploring these options and start thinking outside of the box. I will see you for the closing of this video. So as you can see, there are different options okay and it's not the end of the world as long as we try to find solutions instead of just laying in our bed and say, oh my god, what am I going to do now?

Facebook destroyed my business. It is not like that. You are an entrepreneur and you have to find a solution or you are a freelancer and you have to find a solution for your client because this is why he's paying you for it.

Okay, so trying to not finding a solution is not acceptable. I would like to thank you for watching the video. Please subscribe and like if you like the content.

If you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can check my book or courses. Links are the description. And until we meet again, don't forget that you have to be creative and you have to be consistent in the universe and in the mentalness.