Hello, Facebook Watch People. I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss why you should not exclude past customers but also past traffic from your website visitors. I know that there are many people out there that they are just saying that you should use Meta as a platform, that it's all about giving you new clients.

Why do you need Meta if it's not going to give you new clients? You just exclude your past clients. What kind of game is that?

These are people that they're just trying to teach your Facebook ads or for some reason lie to you just to appeal to what you would like to hear which is I want to have new fresh traffic all the time. This is not how Meta is working and I'm going to explain why. Before the iOS problem we were able to actually target more people which means that we were having more data within the platform also.

It's not the problem that we are seeing right now only the fact that we are targeting less people because we can reach less people because of the iOS devices it's the fact that these less people are sending less data within the platform. The problem is that back in the day we're having better results because the ad sets and the ads were optimizing with more data. Now they optimize with less data so the CPMs are more expensive.

We're having less data so the ads are more expensive in general. Facebook is a platform which is heavily based on data and the data that it gets in order to optimize better and better and better. If you're going to remove data from the equation then you're making your life more difficult and I'm not going to talk about CPMs but I'm going to talk also from the perspective of getting sales.

What is your problem if you're just having a sale from someone who is your loyal customer being stolen? Yes stolen from Meta within the ad set so that it can be used as data to find more people that are going to buy fresh people, fresh buyers. And this is not coming from me saying it.

This is coming from Meta doing it. What did they do? They introduced ASE campaigns.

ASE campaigns are having initially a 20 to 30% retargeting. By the way they are removing the budget cap for retargeting. Why?

Because it's not helping them to have good results. They are targeting anyway in the beginning the 20 to 30% retargeting in order to get some data and then based on this data find more sales on the call traffic audiences. And we know that they are doing it because of audience segments.

We can break down the results and we can see what kind of percentage they are using or retargeting. So a lot of people came and they start crying about it and then they put in the budget cap that you're not going to be able to spend more than x amount retargeting. Now they're removing it because people were abusing it most likely and the ASE campaigns were not programmed to work like this.

Meta is programmed to steal as many data as it can. If it can capture a sale from email marketing, from Google, it's good for Meta and you should be okay with that. You should be okay with having this kind of data coming within the platform if they're going to be used so that you can find new clients.

And if you don't believe me, let's go into My PC. I'm going to show you another account which is using exactly the same campaigns with the same creatives but it's excluding past customers because they don't understand apparently. I will show you the results over there so that you can be convinced about it.

Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website. You're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

So before we start, I need to clarify that this is another account that I know. I know that it's a good account. I know that this account is optimizing when you know what you're doing.

And I know that over here, as we can see, these are campaigns that are mine, let's say. And these two campaigns are new campaigns that they're having the exclusions. Basically, these two campaigns over here, they are using the creatives that these two campaigns are using.

So I know that the creatives are working. I know that their account is good. I know that that account is optimizing.

If you see it also, you can understand here that something is wrong with these two campaigns and they shouldn't stay any longer over here because we're hitting better cost per purchases. But the problem is the exclusion, guys. Okay.

So it's exactly the same broad targeting. But here, of course, I'm going to hide all the sensitive info. But here you can see that we're excluding even emails from Klaviyo, website visitors, purchases, even the people who engage with our social media, which means that basically we're just trying to get new people all the time.

As you can see over here, we're having difference on the CPMs for sure. So it's more expensive traffic. But it's not that it's more expensive traffic only.

It's that it's more expensive traffic for no reason. It's not converting. Okay.

Now someone can come and say that, yeah, maybe this is the correct new client cost acquisition. No. Because in all of the cases that I have done this or I have seen it and I stopped doing it for this reason, I have seen that because of me not excluding past customers, I'm having more data.

So also the cost of new client acquisition is dropping because Facebook is using more data to find new clients. If you don't understand it and you don't see it over here that there is a problem, then I don't know what else I can do to convince you. On the other hand, if you are thinking that because we are having here results also from retargeting on these campaigns, that this is the reason that we have these rows, I can tell you no.

Because by watching the numbers of this company, I know that this company right now is struggling while before without the exclusions, it's not struggling anymore. And I know that there are campaigns here that they can optimize. I know that these credits are working and the products are working.

So the only problem over here is the one change, the one and only change, excluding past customers. And here they're even excluding all the past traffic. Okay.

If you have your reasons of at least excluding something, just exclude past customers and don't exclude also all the traffic. There is no reason because there might be people that they need to join and they need to come again to your website again and again and again. If you're just letting, giving them the opportunity to go there once and then you're just excluding them from that point and later, there's no point of doing it.

And we're having here also one retargeting which it can capture some of these sales from the people that they haven't, you know, been to the website more than once and it can capture them all over again to make them convert here. But my problem is that people don't understand that more data in the platform, they're going to give you better results. It's not because I want to trick the client and they want to have better ROAs on the ads manager.

It's because I truly believe that if it's going to have more data on the cold traffic ads by stealing retargeting sales, it's going to do better because I have seen it with my own eyes. And here we can also see it. If this is not going to convince you, I don't know what else is going to.

Same campaigns, same creatives, excluding past customers, very bad results. The other campaigns are doing pretty well. I hope that it's going to help you and they will see you for the closing of the video.

So just to recap, we do have the iOS problem which means that we are targeting less people which means that we are having less data coming within the platform. That's why Meta also has the shop ads. The shop ads is all about keeping data within the platform.

What else do we know? We know that Meta is trying to steal sales from everywhere. It's trying to get sales from email marketing, SMS, from Google.

Why? Because it's going to use this data in order for it to have more data and start optimizing and then find more people based on this data. A question that I have to you.

Which data do you want Meta to use? Just some random data or the best customers that you have data? So if it's possible to have your most loyal customers as data points in order to find similar people to them.

This is what Meta realized after iOS and this is why the ASC campaign was such a huge success. And now we can see this happening also on normal CBOs and everywhere. They're doing anyway retargeting.

That's why we don't do normal retargeting now anymore. They're going to do all of this retargeting. They're going to use the data.

This is good for you. And this is also why a lot of times I'm proposing that if you have a problem for a period, maybe you can do a promo. You can inflate the results and then see if you're going to be able to survive the bad period.

That's why I'm proposing because I have seen the power of this thing. That's why I'm proposing, for example, that you might on the Black Friday have evergreen campaigns, have them over there with your different creatives inflate results during the period of Black Friday with all of the data that they're going to come in so that you can exit the Black Friday with very strong campaigns, evergreen campaigns and not just some promo campaigns that you will have to close. So data, data, data.

Everything is happening for the data. And if you don't understand that, then I can understand why you want to exclude past customers. But Facebook doesn't.

So it will find another way and another way and another way of not doing it. And you're going to cry on the corner while everybody else is going to be on the party, understanding the power of actually meta using all of that. Don't do a lot of retargeting.

Perfect. Just do the retargeting that your cold traffic ads are doing. Accept the situation.

See that all of these stolen sales are not something that should keep you, you know, you should be annoyed about it and you should be angry about it. But think of it like, okay, more data for my Facebook ads. At the end of the day, you're going to evaluate your results based on your actual sales and the actual money that you have on the bank.

So don't try to stop it. Just try to accept the way that the platform is working. Now, if you are in the small category that you just sell something just for once and you don't want to sell it all over again, you know, and all of that, and you don't have repeated customers anyway.

Okay, I get it. Exclude past customers. There are always exclusions over here.

But if you're having an e-commerce brand, for example, which is selling clothing, there's no point for you to just go or jewelry or whatever. There's no point for you to just go and just remove the people that they're going to be repeated customers and just expect from Meta to give you only new sales. Anyway, don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, my website.

You can check also my mentorship program. And below, we can find all the testimonials from people completing it. And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent.