Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today we're going to discuss how we are scaling while we're also testing in ad accounts and I will show you two ad accounts and the things that I'm doing there based on the behavior of the previous campaigns. So let's start right away. So if you remember we have analyzed in the channel the one variable rule.

What is the one variable rule? That we always want to test something with only one variable at a time. So if I have some creatives that I want to test I'm going to take a structure which is already working and I'm going to use other creatives.

If I want to test another structure I'm going to use creatives that are working and I'm going to use another structure in order to know that if the structure doesn't work I cannot blame the creatives but I can blame the structure. So over here we're talking also a lot of times about comfort zones. So if you remember when we're scaling in other accounts we're talking and saying okay in order for you now to keep scaling if you're having $100 campaigns because we work with multiple campaigns you're having let's say 10 okay so you're spending $1000 per day.

Now if you're going to go to spending $3000 per day it would be stupid if I proposed to you and I told you that what I'm doing is another $20. So I'm trying to find higher structures like $200, $300, $400, $500 campaign because if I'm able to establish a $500 campaign profitably then that means that I have conquered this. This is a new comfort zone for me because I know how to optimize a campaign with $500 and how many assets I put and how much time do I leave it and how I optimize it.

It's sustainably working in my ad account which means that for the extra 2k that I need in order to go to $90k per month I'm just doing another how much? Four campaigns okay. So with four extra campaigns instead of 20 do you understand the power of that how easy it is for you to manage and so on?

Not to mention the fact that you with the way that we're working with multiple campaigns and different creatives that means that you are utilizing the new creatives that you're getting more and you are scaling them more while the others are staying only of the $100 while they could have scaled. So after some point when you have established spends budgets and all of that what I'm doing for example in the one account that I'm going to show you is that whenever I have new creatives I do a $400 ASC campaign and $100 on cost cap and I'm doing this again and again and again building up more campaigns more cost caps and like that. In another account I was on $100 but now I'm doing $200 campaigns as an extra scaling because now I reached the point of $1k so I'm doing $200 campaigns.

Then I'm going to try to do $300, $400, $500 campaigns. In some accounts I'm doing immediately $1k, $2k campaigns initially because I know how much I can scale or I have done it in the past. All of this is something that you need to work on and it's difficult because every time you are called to go outside of your comfort zone because it's completely different for you to manage a campaign with $100 per day which is something that it's easy for you.

You know it, you do it. I see comments for example for people saying that I'm spending $150 with six campaigns of $25. That's problematic.

That means that you will never scale like this. Oh. I know that it's working for you now.

I know that it's your comfort zone. I know that instead of you spending $150, $100 campaign which is what I would do, you're doing it like this and you're profitable and you have done it for the first time and you're profitable for the first time but you have to understand that it's not sustainable in terms of scaling. So eventually you will have to go outside of your comfort zone and do another bigger campaign and a bigger campaign but at this point you're going to feel more afraid, you're going to do more mistakes.

My anxiety has kept me up for over 50 hours. While in the $25 campaign maybe you give it more time, maybe you're a little bit more flexible but if you have a $100 campaign while you have learned how to optimize and 25 one only, then on the $100 if you see one or two bad days of results you will close it. You know, you're not going to treat it on the same way.

This is what you need to conquer more and more and more as you're scaling accounts. Let's go on my PC. Let me show you two different accounts.

Let me show you how different it is on these two different the one is being built right now in order for me to do bigger campaigns, bigger campaigns. The other one I know already the campaign that I'm working on. The next step for the other one it would be to work on $800 campaigns or 1k campaigns.

I don't think that it's needed there yet but if it's going to need it I have to go outside of my comfort zone and work with bigger campaigns also there. Let's go into my PC. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So we're going to start from the smaller account just to understand how it is. So this is another account that in December for example, okay.

You can see the results here. You can see that we are doing 50k spend for ROAS over here, okay. So we're trying to scale now but we started over here, I'm going to show you in the last seven days results this month, 3.55 and we are having as you can see here from the spend we are having 100 spent per day, 100 spent per day.

This is all ASC campaigns and just one retargeting. We are having 100 and then I'm trying to do also fast as you can see here. This was my initial test with one campaign with 200 that work and then I'm doing after that point 200, 200, 200 and this one I think it's a little bit more.

No, it's 200 but it's a slower budget I guess. So I'm trying to do 200s now. The next step on this ad account is going to do 300 dollar campaigns, 400 dollar campaigns and what am I doing?

I'm using the same structure. I'm using Advanced Plus campaign, I'm using 10 ads inside each Advanced Plus because this is what I have seen and I have seen how it optimizes and now I'm trying to see how I'm going to behave to these ones and optimize it like this. So what am I doing?

I'm using a proven structure. Each time I'm trying to have a higher budget on this proven structure in order to be able to scale more but I'm testing at the same time different creatives. All of these campaigns are having different creatives.

Let's go now in another ad account which I have for a much longer period of time and I have scaled more. So in this ad account we can see that in December what we are having is a 400k spend with 3.63. So what am I doing here is that I'm doing campaigns with some starting from 400k and I'm doing ASC again, again other creatives and I'm doing also one cost cap campaign or one cost cap ad set with 100k with a specific bid that I have found that it's working over here.

Now what's the most important thing to understand is that I didn't reach to that point immediately. So I started doing 100 dollar campaigns then 200 dollar campaigns then 300 and then I started doing 400 dollar campaigns but I'm not necessarily staying to the 400. Sometimes based on the results based on the optimization I might drop to 200 300 but I'm starting from 400.

If I want to keep scaling this ad account more which is already on 400k and I don't know if the owners or you know we want to take it more but let's say that the owners want to reach the 1 million over here okay which is not the case but let's say I need to start working with 1k campaigns right now because some of those are going to drop in terms of how much I'm going to spend but I need to have 1k campaigns because when you're spending 30k per day you cannot just have 400 dollar campaigns as you can understand you need to have higher ones even 2k campaigns in order for you to be able to spend this amount of money. This is how it's working, this is what you do and this is a process that you do all the time if you want to keep scaling. You're just trying to get out of your comfort zone, you're trying to do a bigger campaign and a bigger campaign and then you try to find the process that is working for you.

So for me the process here is that the cost cap is the one that I can keep increasing if it's doing well because it's a cost cap and I can manage it like this but in the ASC campaign I can be more conservative and if it doesn't work I can lower the budget and I can play with the budget wherever it's going to be profitable. Of course we're working with average results, we don't care about the individual results of its campaign over here and we do all of the other things that we're teaching on the videos. I know it's difficult, I know that it's sometimes the fear is involved inside because it's completely different when you're scaling to lose 1k per day if you are losing money comparing to losing 100 per day because you have scaled too much.

But in order for you to be able to scale and do it profitably you need to go outside of your comfort zone and work with bigger campaigns. That's my way. Some other people might say that you start slow with one or two campaigns and you start increasing these campaigns.

In the way that I do it which is a more structured way for businesses that they are looking for more long-term and stuff, this is a more stable structure because you have several campaigns that you can remove one or two. If something happens with your main campaign that you scaled a lot, the only way that you have is to lower the budget and sometimes this doesn't work. So that's why I do it like this and that's why in this case you need to start working with bigger budget campaigns as you build new ones.

But even in the other case that you're working with one campaign, eventually you're going to start scaling so much that the fear is going to kick in and you're going to feel afraid in between the days and you're going to do mistakes. That's why a lot of more people are being successful by working with average results because the average results can cover some bad days for campaigns because one campaign can do bad one day, then it can do bad another day. Let's watch for example this campaign and let's watch it on intervals of seven days in order to see how it's doing.

So here it has three. Okay, let's see how it does. So here it has 3.52.

Look at the previous one, the one above. Do you see the one above? The one above this week had 4.77.

Then the next week, look how much it has. 2.29. Okay and then we go on the next 1.31.

Really bad result over here. Okay, we go here on the end of the year so it wasn't that strong I guess. 1.44.

This is what is distinguishing a good advertiser from a bad one. Okay, you just lower budget over here, you don't just close the campaigns because the campaigns are going to bounce back. Okay and here you are having again two ROAS Plus which is the target ROAS of the account.

But this is not something that you're going to close. Okay, in the previous month you can see that you are having campaigns. I'm not going to go on the Black Friday but you are having campaigns that they are performing differently in between the days and when you have many campaigns some of those are going to do better, some of those are going to do worse.

But just to summarize, the most important thing is to start working with bigger budget campaigns because I'm seeing a lot of comments guys that a lot of people they have seen these strategies and they are working with multiple campaigns but they do it out of fear. It's not that your ad account cannot work with 100 or 200 or 300 dollar campaigns, it's that you haven't found the way and it's not your comfort zone right now to work on this kind of campaigns and be profitable with them. So this is how it's done and if you believe that I'm just going in an ad account and just out of the bloom doing a 400 dollar you are wrong.

It's just a process of me understanding the other count, understanding the numbers, the structure that I need to have and eventually I'm doing a 500 or 400 or 300 dollar campaign or 2k campaign. That's all I had. I hope that this video is going to help you to understand how we are scaling while we are also testing at the same time new creatives of course because we know the structures but eventually we're testing also structures.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website. You can check of course in my website all of the different mentorship programs that I have and also there you can see the different testimonials that they have from people that they have completed, the chosen five or people who are part of the inner circle and until we meet again guys be creative and consistent.