Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about Broad Targeting, even if you are a new business or an established business. Some of us, we were using Broad Targeting even before iOS, even two years before iOS and I was using it a lot with the crazy method back in the day and a lot of people were telling me that I'm stupid and so on and now everybody's using it. What has changed?

The meta has changed the behavior of the algorithm or the algorithm went there, I don't know, but what I have realized is that okay we had less potential reach right now because we lost a lot of people because of iOS and we couldn't reach them. But it's not only that, it's because the AI and the algorithm was becoming better and better and better and better and better. Recently I have visited the meta headquarters and they told me that they are spending billions, like 600 billion or whatever, just this year alone and they will spend more to it.

So the algorithm is becoming better and better and the truth is that the gap between the new businesses and the established businesses that they could use Broad Targeting much much earlier before all of that, it has actually started to close. Let me explain a little bit about that. So just to clear out Broad Targeting, Broad Targeting means that you are just not using any interest or lookalikes and you're doing Broad Targeting without giving any direction to the algorithm and the algorithm is going to find who wants your product or not.

How does it do it though? Of course the pixel is helping a lot because if you have a pixel which has some data then it knows the ideal avatar of the clients that you want or the people that they're converting better to your site. So in Broad Targeting with the help of the pixel it's going to find more people.

But can we do that if we don't have a trained pixel? A lot of times in NewAd account Broad Targeting is not working but let me tell you that the gap between the working pixels and the new pixels and when the Broad Targeting is going to work eventually is coming closer and closer to even new untrained pixels. The algorithm is becoming that powerful that it's even able with some small amount of data into your pixel to even find new sales in Broad Targeting and we know that because Advantage Plus campaigns are a preset which is working with Broad Targeting and right now more and more people are using them even new businesses.

If you're a new business and your Broad Targeting is not working you will have to work with interest and then with lookalikes in order to reach the point that the Broad Targeting is actually going to work. This doesn't mean that you cannot advertise on Facebook it means that you have to be a little bit more reluctant, a little bit more clever in the way that you are working, doing interest, trying to find something until you find stability and then move your way up to Broad Targeting. The ultimate goal of each other account is to reach to the point that it's going to be able to do Broad Targeting and start scaling, scaling, scaling.

It's not to use for always just lookalike audiences and just interests just because this is your comfort zone. Eventually you will have to use Broad Targeting and you will have to trust Facebook if you want to have better results with your accounts. We do know that Facebook is pushing more now the Broad Targeting.

I don't know if they even have engineers working right now with interests or with lookalikes. For me lookalikes are working pretty well with stacked lookalikes but I cannot say that they are as powerful as a Broad Targeting campaign is especially in the long term and for how long it's going to stay live. A lot of interests have been removed the previous year and before that we had a lot of problems with lookalike audiences after the iOS changes.

So these are two things that are problematic. Of course I'm still using interest if I have to but I don't use them at all. If I have a trained pixel I will just use Broad Targeting.

I'm going to use Broad Targeting also in trained ad accounts with CBO and with Advanced Plus. When I reach my limit of 8 Advanced Plus I will do also some stacked lookalikes crazy method because it's still working very well. I have seen zero issues with that and I will do also some crazy method Broad Targeting with CBO if I don't have any more Advanced Plus to do in this ad account.

This is for good ad accounts that they have established picks and stuff. What are you going to do if you have a new ad account? Basically what you need to do is to start working way up with interests then move to lookalikes and then move to broad targeting.

Is it going to be easy? No, it's going to be difficult for some people that they have a good product pricing and stuff. It's working immediately.

It doesn't mean that it has to be this the case with you but if it's not try to see if you can establish another way of having sales and then eventually when you train your pixel with this another way maybe Google maybe another way you can come back to Facebook and you can start with Broad Targeting. Facebook is actually proposing for new ad accounts also to do Broad Targeting but they say if it's not working do something else and so on blah blah. To be honest with you they don't care about you.

They don't care about the new ad account that is coming on the platform and it's not working. What they're trying to do is they try to bridge the gap between the point that Broad Targeting is going to work for everyone so that just you put the money there Facebook is deciding who is going to buy and who is not and you're not giving any direction with interests or lookalikes. Do I like that?

Not necessarily because I think that we're giving to Facebook too much space to do whatever they want and this is not okay. On the other hand the algorithm is doing already what it wants and we have seen that Broad Targeting is working but we don't know in the future if we just give them the spend all of the spend and Broad Targeting without touching anything like a preset campaign maybe we will have to focus only on creative and that's it. So if you have an established pixel and you have a good ad account and you are spending you should be using Broad Targeting already but if you don't let me tell you that you have to start using it's a necessity.

If you're a new ad account and you're struggling and Broad Targeting is not working for you you have to work your way up or you have to find an alternative way until you reach the point that you're going to do Broad Targeting. Broad Targeting is here to stay, it's not going to live we're going to have it so get used to it. Broad Targeting doesn't mean necessarily that you are targeting both genders if one of them is not suitable for you.

This is a change that also Meta is going to do on the Advantage Plus campaigns and they're going to remove the option for one gender so that you can pick only men for example and do Advantage Plus with men. Just starting using it if you don't and just start embracing it. Crazy method especially to new ad accounts is going to help you for this randomness of the initial results and the hot pockets that you can create within a broad audience if you're lucky enough to have some sales in some of your ad sets.

This is going to help you a little bit to overcome a bad period until you reach the point that you will do Advantage Plus campaigns is going to work. Watch the videos about Advantage Plus and how we optimize them so that you can have some control and what's the case studies that I have recently published in order to see how you structure an ad account without just having only one campaign but having several campaigns so that you can have better control in bad periods that are going to come. Control, control, control as much as we can but on the other hand embracing what Facebook has to say about Broad Targeting and the algorithm that we do trust that is doing a good job and we just intervene here and there with optimization just to correct some mistakes that maybe they were done.

So that's all I had to say about Broad Targeting and I think that there are not a lot of people that are left that are not using it. This is the statistics that I'm seeing also from Meta. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book or my course or my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.