Hello Facebook Ads people, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year which is coming. I'm just doing some relaxed videos for this week. Most probably right now I'm eating like crazy into my Greek parents house so this is a relaxed video for you to watch until we start again with the normal videos on the new year.

So this is the cringiest job that I have ever seen in AppWork and I always wanted to create a video about it but I never had the time with all the things happening on Facebook so right now that everybody is relaxing it's the time. Right now don't forget that it's also Q5. Meta is actually saying that Q5 is from Christmas to the end of the year because nobody is doing ads it's better for you to advertise so that you can have better results.

Total BS. So let's go into my PC. Let's read the job post and then let's read the pdf that was coming with this job post to analyze it a little bit.

If you're a freelancer you will understand that it doesn't work to to work with people like this and we will cover several things over here if you are also employing people these are things that you cannot ask and stuff so let's go to my PCNC. So everything started with this post on AppWork says please answer all the questions attached on the file below. If you don't answer all the questions on the job post your proposal will be ignored.

Okay I get it some people don't want to lose the time with people that they're bored to read everything. This job has a lot of opportunity to grow you will see on the attached file pay will start at 500 per month and will increase to 2500-5000 per month based on results. Obviously he means that if you have good results you are going to get paid more.

I do understand that but if he's talking about 2500-5000 obviously he's an agency owner and not just an agency owner it's an agency owner who thinks that he's a super boss. Okay looking for one person not an agency rockstar please can we stop using the phrases rockstar guru black ninja I don't know wizard all of that can we stop using it it's super cringe. Okay just say an expert facebook ads media buying ROAS facebook ads specialist 3 to 5 ROAS plus this is a very big red flag because this means that this person is clueless when it comes to facebook ads.

So if you have a digital product for example okay and you have 1.5 ROAS and you spend half a million you're not going to make money for your client and yourself you are. So this person thinks that it's going to find a person that is going to have amazing ROAS underpay this person and he is going to make all the money. Let's go to what he's asking over here okay please answer all job post questions if not your proposal will be automatically ignored.

We are a performance marketing agency working with various clients this is total BS most probably he has zero clients and he has seen one course or maybe he is maybe he's working with several clients and he is having some people that they are super inexperienced because nobody who is experienced in the true express is going to work with this guy you will see why. Looking for a fantastic rockstar expert copywriter with great grammar must have perfect english level since the copywriting will be shown to a lot of people on facebook and to people in the united states. Do you have perfect grammar when it comes to english?

I need someone who knows english like a native of america. You know everything there is to grammar. Are you a grammar freak perfectionist?

Is this you? Be honest and you honestly a fantastic copywriter when it comes to facebook ad copy? Why are you a fantastic copywriter?

Do you know how to make people converted to buying customers through ad copy? Do you know how to write pain points, solution problems, social proof, call to actions? Basically you know everything there is to copywriting to make the person want to buy the product and click the link in the ad.

Okay he wants somebody who is a good copywriter. Let's continue. But don't forget that all of these are questions and you have to answer to all of them.

For example you have to answer is this you? Yes I am. Are you a grammar freak perfectionist?

Yes I am a grammar freak perfectionist. Most probably he would like individual answers for all of that. Most probably there are people that they lost one hour to answer all of these questions for that.

It doesn't even worth it. Looking for a fantastic rockstar expert media buyer will be running lots of ads, lots of verticals, only white hat products of course and will need to pivot often to where the demand is. We will provide all of the assets such as landing pages and creatives.

You will be responsible for optimizing bids, budgets, increasing growing and lowering costs. But have insane experience as a media buyer and have managed over... By the way who is going to work for you for $500 if it if he has insane experience?

Increase ROI and helping lower the cost. Must have insane experience and have managed over 100 000 plus a month in ad spend because as we scale I would like to start spending 250-750 per month as time goes on. My ad spend will be a bit low at first but if we can scale quickly ad spend will go up very quickly as well.

So it's the same always thing you know. They say that I want to go very high and stuff but if you have good draws we can scale. This is this is the biggest lie okay.

Whoever doesn't have the money to spend a lot of money initially they are not going to be able to spend it later because they will have stock issues, they will have 1 million problems that they don't even know. Even going to biggest storage houses and stuff. And this thing is something that says we are going to start low at the start but then we're going to scale super fast and that.

Well if you scale you should not give him $500 at least only that. My ad spend will be low at first but if we can scale quickly ad spend will go up very quickly as well. Of course if somebody is making you profit you can spend more but let me tell you that this is also wrong.

This person is going to have huge issues if they spell. PayPal for example is an issue okay. Most probably they will block his money and so on because you cannot just take a lot of money and just spend a lot of money with PayPal you need to do it gradually.

It's how PayPal works. I'm talking from spending 3 000 to 4 000 a month to 50 to 100k per month fast as for the ad spend. He's clueless.

You cannot do such high spends immediately and just as fast as we scale the ad spend it will be as fast as your pay goes up as well. Does this count good? Must be up to date on current campaign sites.

This thing that a lot of times people use as a motive for example they say if we go well you're going to get paid more. Of course I'm going to get paid more. What do you expect?

To get paid less? It doesn't make any sense. Why are you an expert media buyer?

I need to see live results. You're sharing screen. No subscriptions.

Please explain why you're an expert media buyer. What ROI profit margins percentages do you get on your campaigns? That's an amazing example of somebody who is clueless with Facebook ads.

So he thinks that ROAS is something that you can get the same ROAS in every ad account despite what you're selling or the average or the value or anything and he just wants to see three or four ROAS or whatever that may be. It doesn't make any sense to the way that he's phrasing it. Are you experienced with what converts and how to make people convert into buyers?

Are you experienced with fans, landing pages, creatives, ad copy? You said earlier that you're going to provide the landing pages and the creatives. Now you want somebody who is going to do also the creatives and and that.

You know how to install... Oh no, you want also a developer and developer. You know everything about data sources when it comes to Facebook.

You need to be sure that the pixel is active, verified all the time and the domain is verified. We don't need domains anymore but this is older one. You know everything that is Facebook, there is to Facebook ads.

You know all the campaign settings of what input etc. Ask for pixel... By the way, all of these are things that you have to answer.

You have to answer that you're not an elephant, okay? Ask for pixel destination website domain destination, putting the right things in the campaigns, budgeting rules etc. And the list goes on by the way, it's up to 25.

Bear with me. Do you know that targeting is old-fashioned with Facebook ads? Now he's going to prove to you that he knows Facebook ads and you cannot b**** with him, okay?

Like before you had to worry about interesting targets, now the algorithm is sharp because it actually... Most probably he has seen one video and tells all that. Because it actually messes up your campaign and your success to find the right customers because you are actually limiting the algorithm into finding the ideal customers because maybe you could have the need of a car product because you just bought one and maybe Facebook didn't really pick it up or if you put in interest in your audience you will compete with other marketeers that are doing the same mistake.

Total BS, total clueless about how interests are working. I'm referring to interest here, the interest section nowadays is called detailed targeting. I really like the fact how he's saying thing and he's trying to flex also.

What are your thoughts on this? But obviously still need tweaks of course with scaling budgeting. We still need to give them a few inputs of course.

Must work United States time Monday to Friday. Must be available from 8am to 5pm PST Los Angeles. This doesn't mean you will be working every hour but I need you to be available from 8am to 5pm.

Can you work on this time zone? I find this super logical okay. It says that during these hours I would like to send you a message and you can respond to me.

This is very important. All I ask is to be available on Saturday and Sunday too. It starts to become a little bit you know problematic.

Most probably you will work on Saturday and Sunday also but as long as you work on Upwork and you log in hours it's fine and I was never against that because I also work 24x7. This is what we chose to do with Facebook ads and things can happen. I see that he wants to pay $500 and justify it with 5 to 8.

He doesn't want to pay with hours so if you work on Saturday and Sunday it's not counted as work I guess. If you need a scale or something you will be available on Saturday and Sunday. This will be a full-time job, you will only be working for me.

I don't understand this need of agency owner to want you to work only for them. They don't realize that they are limiting someone by not learning other things. I just don't get it.

I just don't understand it. I think it's you know it's just someone who has always been working in all his life as an employee and he wants to become a boss and he wants to treat other people like employees and stuff just because he wasn't having a good time into his previous job. Like I said all I ask is to be available on Saturday and Sunday too.

He's repeating also himself a lot of times just in case to make desired adjustments to campaigns if needed like if we need to scale or something you will be available on Saturday and Sunday 100%. Remember that you answered to this question earlier so you have to answer again. Pay will start at $500 per month once I see you start scaling the campaigns and truly see that you produce amazing results like $100,000 per day in profit.

Your pay can go... So he's saying that as soon as I see that you can produce me $1,000 per profit multiplied by 30, as soon as I can see that you can give me $30,000, I'm going to give you the $2,500 or the $5,000 out of it. Okay?

And not necessarily that but as soon as I see then I'm going to give you that. You will be paid per month not weekly or bi-weekly once per month monthly basis. Sounds good.

Why though? Why? Why get paid like...

Anyway, looking for someone that is long term and will only work for me, no one else, will you only be working for me and are you looking forward to doing this long term? He doesn't want to be betrayed. I think that he needs to become a drug lord.

Most probably he will have better chances of finding someone like this. Do you know that you don't touch the campaign for at least two days? Explain if you agree or don't agree with this.

Just don't agree with me. Explain. Or explain why I say this about two days.

He wants to pretend also that he knows about Facebook ads. Do you understand when to kill a product test, scale a product test or keep it for a bit longer? Explain.

Do you know when to kill, scale, keep? Please explain it. By the way, you might send him an answer here which is correct and he thinks that he knows and maybe he's going to reject you because he thinks that you replied wrong for example.

Most of the time you will be doing your own thing. No way you will be doing your own thing. He has such a strong opinion about everything you will not.

But there are still instructions you need to follow. You will be given a ROI Google C to keep track of certain ROI targets to hit every day. Everyday ROI targets.

Okay. Like you have a retail shop for example and you sell every day. This is Facebook.

It's working with seven days attribution and monthly results and stuff. You have seen the case studies and how we are tracking ROAS. You will be sending this alongside with me and you will be making adjustments to this Google C to every day, inputting the sales per day, ads spent etc.

Are you someone that has respect? Respect plays a huge important role on my team. I can understand it immediately because you want people that they behave to you like they are your slaves instead of working with people that they are experts and your employees.

If you see that the ROI is going down what will you do? What I will do in his case I would ghost you and never talk to you again. But in this case over here we can see that he wants to know what you can do if the ROI is dropping.

Most probably I would never talk to you by the way. That's the thing. If we see that the ROI is really good every day and we start to scale fast and we start from 150 to 300 and then to 600 then to 1200 then to 2400.

Crazy. I'm out of his head. It doesn't work like this.

Do you agree on doubling the budget like this? If we see the ROI is good consistently, is it what you do? Possibly even tripling the budget.

We see a person here who is hungry for money okay and he or she I don't know maybe it's a female because when we see a product doing really good ROI we want to scale fast. When the ROI starts going down based on the ROI I tell you what will you do? Not based on the break of a ROI, based on the ROI that he is going to tell you okay.

Based on what he wants because he needs to make 1000 profit per day so that he can pay you 2000 dollars which is something that he makes in two three days. It's someone that knows Facebook has policies to a T because there's a lot of things we need to follow. Do you know the Facebook has policies to a T?

As for what not to include in the copy creative landing page, can you explain why you know the Facebook had policies as well? This is very important. Do you know about the delayed attributions of Facebook?

Again he's flexing. He wants to show that he knows. Are you good at or do you know of someone that's good at changing hooks?

If we ever need to. Hook being the first 5-10 seconds of the video. You're testing if someone knows or not why you are saying what is the hook.

They have to know right? You're trying to flex. Someone that is good at video editing hence changing hooks again.

If we ever need to change hooks. If we ever need to change hooks but I need you to have a friend that does also hooks. Have you been banned before on Facebook?

Has your ad account gotten banned even before? There's a perception that if you get banned you should not use your ad account because you will ban the other ad account, which is total BS. We will be targeting North America, United States, mainly you're familiar with targeting US market correct.

He asked already two times or ended the top. Roa's Rockstar Facebook media buyer ad specialist. That summarizes the most cringe upward post that I have ever seen with all of this flexing, wanting him to employ slaves that they are going to work with him and he's going to become rich and the others are not going to make any money and all of this kind of cockiness and saying how important is for him the loyalty and all of that and everything.

Sadly I cannot do this kind of videos all the time. I wish I could because we will have to go to four videos per week and this is impossible right now. Maybe in the future who knows.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my free course, my paid course and my website of course and until you meet again guys be creative and be consistent.