Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today we're going to discuss about the shop ads. Are they the future of the platform? So one year ago in this channel we have created a video which was all about shop ads and how one company got a credit of 1 million in a course of several months and we spent that and they sucked.

After that we had another funding opportunity, again they sucked. But I could see that every time and if you see also in these videos I'm actually saying it, that the results were improving and improving and it makes total sense. What does Facebook do when a new feature is coming?

CBO, Advantage Plus, they are taking the data from all the people that they are advertising with and what is happening is that they are improving, improving and improving and they make their features better. Now Facebook has a completely different approach in terms of the shop ads from the previous year and let me tell you why. After the removal of the aggregated events and the domain, I believe that Facebook is making a transition of wanting to place themselves as a platform that is going to make people convert within the platform so that they can keep the data and they're not going to be dependent on any iOS or Android device.

And it makes total sense. As marketeers, we want a lot of data, the algorithm wants a lot of data, and all of this data is helping you to find more and more people. After all, we said a lot of times in this channel and in my book of course, that the Facebook platform is a platform that is convincing someone to buy something that they didn't know that they wanted 10 seconds ago.

So after the iOS 14.5 changes came, what happened is that Facebook immediately created the shops along with the API and everything. So they were trying to fix two things at a time. Maybe trying to have people converting within the meta platform, Instagram or Facebook, or they were trying to fix the reporting so that we can have better reporting.

They failed, not miserably, but they failed in the second one. We don't have 100% reporting. And the solution that came, it was the shop ads.

What has changed though, in one year after the point that we were having this credit and it wasn't working? The algorithm became better and better and better by all of these tests. What did we learn from the Advantage Plus?

The Advantage Plus is one of the few features that Facebook has. And this feature actually is it was profitable since day one. The Advantage Plus came out, people started using it and that made a huge impact.

And we can see that now consolidation is working better. The Advantage Plus is working better from the beginning and so on and so on. So this time they said, instead of just trying to convince people to run shop ads or create their shops and everything, should we give them credits in order to start running ads and using them more?

And the answer, of course, it was yes. They started giving a lot of credits to a lot of accounts. Back in one year ago, it was just a privilege of the few to run shop ads.

And before that, they were trying to actually convince people to do retargeting ads to the shop so that it can convert. But all of this is happening because Facebook needs all of that data. It's not only that people are going to spend money in another feature, but it's also the point that by spending a lot of money, they are making this feature better.

And they understood that very clearly, very well with Advantage Plus because the Advantage Plus was the tool that actually helped them to go towards to closer to their goal, which is the consolidation of the accounts. The second thing is that they started giving 10k credits to almost anyone that had a shop. And then people started seeing that it had good results.

But why? Why did it have good results? Because they were also giving a 20% discount for a lot of people so that they are going to convert within the shop.

So what do we have with this? First of all, we have people writing in the forms and everything that as soon as they used website and shop setting within their ad set, and this is the setting that you're using, you are setting up a shop. There are very good integrations with Shopify to create a shop immediately.

You are optimizing it and so on. You're having a shop for Facebook and Instagram. Then you are just doing a campaign that instead of just using website in the ad optimization event where you're when you're putting the pixel event that you want to have, you're putting website and shop.

That's the only difference. The thing is that all these people, they started seeing better results because now we have Meta, not saying to anyone, but actually giving a 20% discount so that people can start discussing like they used to be discussing with Advantage Plus that, guys, this is working, you should use it, you know. And all of this is creating a snowball effect that more and more people are using it, even if it's not super effective as the Advantage Plus was.

So they did the same, by the way, with Advantage Plus, giving credits at the start so that people can start using it when nobody was using it and they didn't know if it was good. And now they do the same with ShopAds, but this time they took it one step further by giving discounts to actual customers if they're going to convert within the Meta shops. And then they are giving this 20% discount back to the owner of the shop through Shopify.

So to me, the transition is very clear. They are trying to put all the data within the platform, become super strong again. And I can see that this is something that other platforms are doing like Google.

And for me, this is a reason that also iOS did all of the thing with iOS 14.5 because they wanted to have a shop eventually with their own users. Now, with all of this data flooding within the shop system and the shop ads, we can see that the results are getting better. I'm using it also in several accounts and I'm seeing better results.

And I can also see that it's working very well and it's getting better and better and better and better as the time passes by. But there are some extra costs over here that we need to discuss and the future of the shop ads before we close the video. So if you don't know how to do a shop ad, there are several videos out there that they're going to show you.

This video is all about talking about the reasons that Facebook is doing it, if it's good for you and the future of shop ads. First of all, one big drawback to all of that because giving you 10K funding and letting you do shop ads, giving 20% discount to people so that they can convert. Perfect.

But there are some drawbacks also. They announced that from the 1st of June to the 30th of June, just for this period, they're going to actually charge a 5% processing fee. Basically, because the transactions are happening, even if it's Stripe, PayPal or another payment processor, they're happening within Meta.

They said that they want to have something for handling and so on for the processing of these payments. So they announced 5%. Of course, a lot of people said that then it doesn't make any sense.

If you convert people within shop ads and then I pay another 5%, which is the most expensive one of the market because Stripe has 2.4 or something else within the platform, then why should we do it? And you know, Facebook ads are becoming more and more and more expensive. So everybody said, okay, don't put another expense to an already expensive platform, which is working.

Don't get me wrong, but it's still expensive. And a lot of people don't have the luxury of advertising to Facebook because the numbers don't make sense. We also have videos in this channel explaining why you should not advertise if the numbers don't make sense because the Facebook platform is an effective platform, but it's also an expensive platform.

And by that, they announced that they are going to keep the 5% fee only until the end of June. After that, they're going to have just a processing fee. I believe it was going to be 3.5 and 2.5 for some gateways.

For example, I believe it was 3.5 for PayPal, 3.49, something like that. And 2.4, I'm going to put a table over here, which is going to show you the exact percentages. And they're going to do this through Shopify.

So basically Shopify is again, like the iOS 14.5 changes, the integration with the API was super fast with Shopify. Now they're doing the same with the shops. The Shopify is the first platform that is going to do it super easy for everyone.

And the last thing that I want to point out about the shops, except from the transaction fees, which I think that they're going to be normal, is that I think that this is going to be another income for Meta. Meta wants to become more powerful in terms of keeping the data because they have seen what happened with the changes of 14.5 iOS update, but they also need to make more money. How are they going to make more money?

They are going to convert the whole platform to a big marketplace, which is also a social media platform, and they're going to take money for the transactions. They say that this is just to pay the payment processors, but I don't believe that they're not making any money out of it. And the other thing is that they're going to make money also like PayPal, for example, from the transactions that they are Euros to USD or USD to Euro or British pounds to Euro or whatever.

And they're going to make also some money from the exchange rate over there. Last note, they are not mandatory now, but by the 24th, I believe, of the next... it was April or June.

I'm going to put the exact date here. I think they're going to become mandatory. I don't think they announced that they're going to become mandatory and now you will have to start using them from now.

Optimize your shops to be better. And this is something that is going to come in the future and you will have to use it anyway. So get used to it, adapt it, start using it.

Most probably now it's going to improve your results. And I think you need to start putting it into your daily routine of doing ads because this is something that's going to be mandatory as an option for the future. And everybody needs to have a shop ad, not a shop ad, a shop in general, in order to operate and do Facebook ads.

That's all I had for you. That's the update about the shop ads. I think that you should start using them and you should start studying about them and you should start seeing in Shopify how you should do the shop ads.

Or if you use another platform, maybe you have to do a transition to a platform that is more friendly to that or whatever. Start educating yourself in other words about it. Don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my free course, my website and until you meet again, be creative and be consistent.