Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about the Blender method. One method from the past that looks like it's going to be relevant again. So just to start, back in the day we used to have an expand button audience as we were calling it, it was a checkbox that basically you were starting with a specific targeting and it was going to expand to the full potential reach of your demographic.

So if you were going to put only men and an audience of an age of 20 to 35, it was going to expand to the full potential reach because if you had let's say this in the United States it's 50 million people, if you were going to put the interest cut instead of 50 million people as broad, it was going to be with the interest 30 million. So it was starting with this and it was expanding to the full. Now this is something that was happening years ago and then we have Advantage Plus expansion which is something that this button disappeared and it became mandatory and now we have Advantage Plus campaigns, ASC campaigns, Advantage Shopping campaigns that were expanding to the full potential and to the broad targeting whole audience.

So back in the day when this box was initially introduced, I started using it with a method which was called the Blender method. Basically it was the use of lookalikes, interest and the expand button audience. So basically it was starting initially from the lookalike and the interest and then it was expanding to the full potential reach of the demographics.

It was working really well, I was running it with crazy method. Back in the day I wasn't using so many lookalikes like stacking them together, so I was using 1% of add to cart, 1% of purchase and the interest that I knew that they were working in the ad account and I was expanding. So this is how it was working.

Then I started using this later on when we had the stacked lookalikes working. I started using it with stacked lookalikes with interest but I didn't have the expand button anymore, so I stopped using this strategy and basically what happened is that I was using it only in problematic add accounts with no strong pixels that I had nothing else to do and to be honest with you, it was working in several cases just because these are the accounts were so difficult to work, they didn't have any pixel data. So me being super specific using lookalikes and interest together and then expanding with Advantage Plus audience, it was working in some cases, not like scaling also but bringing a little bit better results from the ones that you were getting by just running a normal crazy method campaign or just an interest or just stacked lookalikes or an ASC campaign.

This thing was working better for me and for some of my friends that they were testing it but we were doing it only when we were desperate. But why is it relevant again? The reason is that now we have these check boxes appearing again in the new UI that we are seeing from Meta and let's go into my PC.

I would like to show you what I mean and maybe this is a strategy that you can test especially if you don't have a red pixel and you have still a new pixel and you're struggling to get your first data. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook Ads course. It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting and because of that I have created the best Facebook Ad course in the world.

Inside you're going to find super advanced information but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook Ads from the beginner level to super advanced level. It has inside Loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, Loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization.

It has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard. Also strategies that are working all of these years, things that I have developed, things that I know that are working because I have spent millions and millions on the platform. Currently I'm spending between five and ten million every month.

Sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and I have access to many, many more. So I know what is currently working and all the latest trends and this is what I'm doing inside the course. I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now.

And if you want you can click the link below, you can go and you can check some videos that I have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not. I will see you there. So we're in this ad account and we're going to create together one campaign just to show you the changes of the new UI.

As you can see there's not this thing with manual and ASC, you will see a print screen here also of how it used to be. And let's go immediately to the settings that... let me do the settings over here so that everything is going to be fine.

No catalog. At last one campaign that doesn't start with catalog on for many, many years with catalog on. Website here, not website and so let's pick the correct event which is going to be the purchase.

We always do purchase and let's go to the point over here. Now the new UI has this advantage on which is basically expanding to the full potential reach. The only thing which is going to actually respect is the location.

100% respect. Okay, it's going to be the location. The minimum age they put it here for gambling purposes.

There are some countries for example that you cannot gamble if you are you have to be 24 years old. Okay, so this is why they do it for some specific cases. Here you can exclude customers and language.

So in this, in the first preset it's going to work like this and basically it's going to, if you put over here an audience or an interest and stuff, it's going to start from the interest but expand to the full potential reach of that. So if this is Greece, to the full potential reach of Greece of let's say 21 plus for example. Stuff like that.

Okay, now, why is really helping us with the new further limit that we have over here if we switch the setup. We're going to see that we are having some options over here which are helping us to start using the blender method again. And I'm going to explain what I mean by that.

So if you do the locations over here and you just do Texas, I'm going to show you all the places that it appears. So we have this checkbox, Rick's more people over here. Okay, let's do the rest just to show you.

So we go here if we do specific ages 21 and stuff. If we do a specific gender it has also the expand button audience and then you can put here lookalikes and you can put here your interest and we have the language also. Now the important thing is for the blender method is to understand that the blender method is all about I'm using a specific targeting but I wanted to expand to the full potential reach.

So the whole point is that I want to start from maybe an interest and expand to the full reach. This is why the Advantage Plus audience was working because it was expanding to the full reach but it was starting from a starting point as a recommendation. So in order for the blender method to work what we need to do, we're using something which is more specific, interest and lookalike together because maybe we have problems with our pixel, maybe it's really difficult for us to be able to with our creatives to target properly who want to target all of this.

Of course we have to improve in our creatives and all of that but I'm talking about small fixes that we can do with strategy. The bigger fixes are coming when we fix the numbers of the company and the creatives and all of that. So over here with the blender method we have lookalikes.

In this case most likely we are going to use stacked lookalikes of 1%, 5%, 10% depending on how good our pixel is. If our pixel is completely new and bad we're not going to use 10%, we're going to use 1%. We're going to use interests that we have tested in CBO campaigns or other type of campaigns that are working.

We're going to put them lookalikes here, we're going to put our interests here and then what we're going to do is that we are having better control over here in the expansion. For sure I wouldn't do any state, I would expand immediately to the whole United States without using the expanding options so the state is something that I wouldn't touch. But you could play over here with this.

So you can start with a specific age, for example you can start with the age let's say over here from 35 to 40, which you know that from breaking down results or whatever you know that this is a core audience that's working for you and then expand it. And you can do here for example just men without expanding because for example you are a makeup company. As you can understand with this setup over here with these buttons that we didn't have before we have better control.

First of all for new pixels, secondly for the blender method and for other methods that they are not going to expand to something that it doesn't make sense for us. On the other hand you can be more specific here and expand to individual things that you didn't have the option to do before. So I do believe that the blender method is going to start working again on problematic ad accounts on other accounts that they don't have trained pixels and stuff because on trade pixel ad accounts we are talking about other things like cost caps, scaling with multiple campaigns, daily loop and other things and we're not trying to find a way of actually having some sales sales sales with a consistent way so that we can train our pixel.

This is more for problematic ad accounts. Test it if you have a problem and see if you are getting some results that are going to help you get out of the mud along with you working with other things to improve more and now we have better control which is really good especially for new pixels or people using this strategy because there are some people still using this strategy from the past. Now you have the option of running this alone and focus on the creatives.

So run a CBO or an ABO with one ad set and multiple ads with this targeting and focus just on the creative side or you can run it as a crazy method. You can run three to five ads per ad set in a CBO and you can run CBO means over here campaign budget and you can run based on we have other videos explaining and decide the course also how you can find how many adsets and what kind of budget. You can run it also as a crazy method, Blender method and you can see if it's just a strategy that's working for you.

For sure it's more relevant now from what it used to be in the past and maybe if you are having problems it's going to be something that is going to help you. This is how it goes. We throw here strategies and things that I have seen working on accounts.

Maybe it's going to work for you or not. It's up to you to test it and see if you're going to benefit from it. In any case, like any of my methods, just test it and see if it's working for you.

Now we have more reasons to use the Blender method because of this and I'm going to use it more because I can control more the expansion which makes a whole more sense like it used to make sense back in the day. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my course which is a very big advanced course. It has inside theory videos with whiteboard.

It has inside also live ad accounts, big spend ad accounts, all these theories, costcups, bitcups, loom videos. A lot of people have completed it and they are very happy with it. For sure there's also a free version if you want to take a taste and see if it's a good fit for you.

On the other hand, we have also my mentorship programs where you can go and you can work with me one on one. You can see below all the testimonials from the people that they have completed the program and what I have said about it and you're going to find links in the description for my course and for my mentorship programs. Until we meet again guys, be creative and be consistent.