Hello Facebook Ads people! My name is Kostantinos and today we are going to talk about the five most common mistakes that I see people do on the platform and to be honest with you there are simple fixes some of them and some of them are more complex to solve. Before we start I need to tell you that I have a free course that you can go and find the link on the description.

Go check it, I think it's going to help you a lot. So let's start. Number one and the reason that I'm doing this as a number one is because I think that it's the most important thing.

Bad average order value. For all of you that you are following my channel you know that I have made several videos about it and I truly believe that it's one of the main reasons that people fail on Facebook Ads. What's the problem?

The problem is that the Facebook Ads are becoming more and more and more expensive and some people are still thinking like we are doing Facebook Ads on 2017. Well if this is not working it means that you need to change your numbers, you need to adjust your business in order to advertise on the Facebook platform. That being said if you used to have sales with $10 cost per purchase and now you cannot so that you can be profitable you need to do something in order to be able to be profitable even with $20 cost per purchase.

I hope that it makes sense. In other words if you're having an item into your store that's selling for $25 $30 which is within the comfort zone maybe you need to find a way of adding bundles of the product. Adding more products that are going to be upsells or whatever is going to help you have an average order value which is going to be higher.

At the end of the day as I say several times on my book and on my other videos Facebook doesn't care. They're going to give you a sale for X amount as a cost per purchase. It's going to be $50 $20 $30 if someone comes to your store and buys or not.

First of all they don't care if someone buys or not but secondly they don't care if someone spends $1 million into your store or $1 into your store. It's up to you after they send you the traffic to make them spend as much as possible so that you can be profitable also with your Facebook Ads that they're becoming more and more and more expensive. Number two, this is not the mistake that people do because they think of it but because Facebook representatives or other marketeers that they believe what Facebook says they are proposing it.

Do traffic ads and then retarget with conversion ads. It is not going to work. Facebook is extremely good at categorizing who is going to be quality traffic and who is not going to be quality traffic.

How? By their behavior. When someone is going to click one ad if they don't buy or not the algorithm takes all this data and knows that Konstantinos is clicking ads but he bought 15% of the times and then you have someone else who is when he's clicking he's buying 80% of the times.

The people that they are more likely to buy they're going to be on the conversion ads. This is what you are asking from Facebook. You are asking conversions purchases okay so when you're doing that Facebook is going to give you the people that they are most likely to do and take this action.

Now on the other hand when you are doing traffic ads guess what is going to happen? They are going to give you all the junk traffic. How do we know that?

When you are running worldwide campaigns all of the traffic let's say that you want to have sales in the United States or whatever and you run worldwide whatever because you want to test it you will see that most of the traffic ads they are going to be spent on India, Pakistan where it's very cheap to get traffic but they are not converting. The same thing is happening on United States. When you're putting United States and you're targeting with your traffic audience they are not going to target good not quality people I think that is wrong to say quality people but good quality traffic okay.

It's not going to convert and when you're going to do the targeting ads later there is no one there to convert for you so that you can have sales. So stop doing it even if Facebook is proposing it don't do it. I'm seeing accounts every day that they're doing this and they have zero results.

So end of story with that stop doing it it is not working not to mention that I'm going to do a separate video about it but the other thing that people say that you need to do a video view ad so that you can have a lot of views and then retarget people who have seen 95% again this is junk traffic it is not going to convert. Number three I still cannot understand how people still use for their cold traffic ads ABO campaigns. I don't understand it and to be honest with you sometimes I'm also trying to see if they're doing it for a reason I'm testing and CBO is working better 98% of the cases okay.

So stop using ABO campaigns. I know that the optimization is very difficult but you need to go and you need to start doing ads with the modern way instead of being you know a person that is running ads just with the old way. Just try to modernize the way that you're doing Facebook ads because if you're still using ABO it's not going to take you anywhere.

You need to start using CBO, you need to start using broad targeting, bigger targeting, you need to learn how to optimize. This is how you're going to have better results with Facebook ads and if you cannot do it hire someone who is going to do it instead of you spending your money on ABO campaigns or the small budgets like $5 in a single ad set or whatever. Use CBO campaigns.

It's going to use your budget better. You're going to have better results. I'm having several videos about CBO vs.

ABO and I'm having also my dynamic ads video which I'm talking about CBO campaigns for several interests but yes you will have to do it like this if you want to have better results. Stop using ABO. I'm using personally I'm using ABO only in the bottom of funnel if I want to break the funnel further.

If I don't want to have just one ad set which is going to have my interest for the bottom of funnel and I want to break it more I am explaining. Let's say that you're spending a lot of money in an account like 5k, 4k, 6k per day and you want to break the funnel more because you are spending too much and you want your retargeting to also spend. On that case instead of doing view content and tattoo cart in the last 30 days and exclude people who purchased in the last 30 days you can do more options like Initial Checkout 3 days, Initial Checkout 7 days, Add to Cart 20 days, Add to Cart 40 days.

You are breaking down the funnel more so that you can get more sales from your retargeting instead of having one ad set which is going to have a huge budget. And because I want to play with these budgets daily based on how they perform I'm using ABO. This is the only case that I'm using ABO but number three was actually not doing CBO campaigns in your top of funnel.

Top of funnel means CBO you will have to start, you need to start using CBO campaigns. Nothing else is going to work as this. Number four, not using dynamic creative ads.

I have a whole video about dynamic creative ads. You know that I love them, you know that I use them all the time. There is no reason for you to just have four options when you can have the algorithm to test thousands of options.

So dynamic creative ads, you can see my video below and I'm not going to analyze it further because I don't want you to see it here. I want you to go and actually see the video and understand it there because I'm explaining it much better in a big video that I show you how to do dynamic creative ads step by step. Number five, consolidation of ads.

I know that in all the conferences and everywhere people are talking about consolidation of ads. Do you know what is the problem? These people they just read the guidelines of Facebook and they don't test on their own.

Second thing, these people are working with very big brands. They stopped working with startups or smaller brands and they don't understand that if I am Coca-Cola for instance and I'm going to do ads they're going to work no matter what even if I do traffic ads. Okay, so let's be pragmatic over here.

When we're proposing things that we think that they're going to work we need to understand to whom we are talking to. If we're talking about Coca-Cola or Dolce Gabbana or whatever any other company which is big whatever they're going to do it's going to work. It doesn't matter.

If Elon Musk now does one ad it's going to work no matter this person is going to do. But if you're a business that you're starting now or you are not very famous or you're having even when you're having some success you cannot do that. You need to follow something that is going to make you profits.

It's not about the big brand that you have and you're not as recognizable. So consolidation is a very bad thing when you want to do your ads because when you want to test your different interests, your different budgets across your interest and stuff this is the only way that consolidation is not going to actually help you but spreading your budget among interests among different ad sets like my crazy methods and stuff this is what is going to help you to find the different hot pockets inside these huge audiences. Other than that doing consolidation and just spending $500 is just one ad set it doesn't make sense.

It's too risky and I know that all of these people even Facebook representatives that they are saying about this they don't understand that some of you you're not famous or your brand is not as famous as it should be in order for this to work. I have one more number six. So number six is this.

I didn't I put five in the description because the five that I mentioned before they apply to everyone but number six applies to some of you. Back in the days we used to have 28 days attribution model now we have a seven days attribution model that means that Facebook is going to take into account the sales that are happening with within seven days from someone clicking your ad. This has changed a lot the ways that we are doing ads for people who are selling high ticket items expensive items.

You cannot expect now for someone to pay something $5,000 in just seven days time window. They need more time to actually understand if they are going to buy or not. I'm going to do a whole separate video about how you can sell high ticket items but you need to understand that if you used to have sales just because you were having 28 days attribution model and the journey of your customer was bigger this doesn't mean that with a seven days attribution model you can still do that.

In my opinion you should go in another model that you will have lead generation for the people that they might buy then try to call them SMS email try to warm them up so that you can convert them with another way. Going straight away with conversion ads and purchases for something that costs $5,000 it's not going to work anymore. I can tell you because I'm meeting this kind of people and this kind of businesses that they had success before and now they cannot find success because Facebook is all about optimization of results.

If someone is converting Facebook is going to find a similar person. If this is not happening within seven days that means that you don't have optimization in your ads and that they're not going to continue producing results for you. That being said if you have an expensive high ticket item try to see how you can adapt to the situation how you can go from purchase conversion ads to lead generation and then find the process that is going to make them convert.

In any case that's all I had for you about the most common mistakes that I see on the platform. If you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book my free course or my complete course and I guess until we meet again be creative and be consistent in the universe and in the metaverse.