Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about the five stages of awareness from Eugene Schwartz. As I promised, relaxed videos for August and today we're going to touch base a little bit about the five stages of awareness from Eugene Schwartz. Aware, unaware, most aware, problem aware and all of that.

We're going to go and see case study from a brand and we're going to see how they have done ads to attack these five stages and convince people to buy and I will see you there. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook Ads course. It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting and because of that I have created the best Facebook Ad course in the world.

Inside you're going to find super advanced information but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook Ads from the beginner level to super advanced level. It has inside Loom videos from Cost Caps, Speed Caps, Loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization, it has chosen five sessions, Inner Circle sessions and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard, also strategies that are working all of these years, things that I have developed, things that I know that are working because I have spent millions and millions on the platform.

Currently, I'm spending between five and ten million every month, sometimes it's even more, across 30 accounts and I have access to many many more so I know what is currently working and all the latest trends and this is what I'm doing inside the course. I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now and if you want you can click the link below, you can go and you can check some videos that I have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not. I will see you there.

Okay so today we have the brand called AG1. AG1 is a supplement DTC brand that has been able to grow to a 1.2 billion valuation generating nine figures in annual sales through their website. Athletic Greens valued at 1.2 billion after bagging 115 million to expand nutrition drink footprint.

So before we jump into the Ad Creative and their third process, I want us to look into a concept developed back in 1966 when the legendary direct response copywriter Eugene Schwarz perfectly described the different stages of awareness people find themselves in before they make a purchase. Now five stages, unaware people who don't know they have a problem and here you can convince them with stories, secrets, infotainment. People who are aware, people who understand the problem but not the solution.

We have discussed also about this in the previous videos. Pain point benefits of solving the problem. Solution aware, people who understand the solution but don't know you provide it.

They don't know your brand but they know that you have a solution that that you that there is a solution about it. Okay intro the product that offers the solution. Product aware, people who know you sell the solution but aren't sure.

So this is the proof of concept. Proof that the product works blah blah testimonials all of that. Most aware people who know your solution is right for them.

They just need to know the cost offers, promos, pricing to convince them to convert. Now it doesn't mean that someone cannot convert from here and it has to go here. Okay sometimes people convert without being aware of you and stuff and they they convert to this.

But if you think of it the most aware are more keen to convert the product and so on. Okay it goes like this. Here are the people that they are converting.

It's more difficult for them to convert. Okay you don't necessarily to have a video for each one of these different stages. But based on where you think that you have a problem, for example if you're if you're selling a product which is completely new and people don't know about it, maybe you should make videos on the first stages.

If you're selling a product which is really close, which is many years old and everybody knows it and you have a solution but you have a better offer, maybe you should go to the product aware thing for example. Okay and all of that. Okay now let's see what they have done.

Mastering the unaware. Okay so we have target busy moms, better alternative to supplements. Okay let's see this one.

So they try to show that there is a problem. Okay if you're a busy mom you have alternative to supplements. Okay then my daughter told me about AG1 so they put also the emotional part inside the nutrients and all of that.

Perfect. Perfect okay so it has an appeal also because it's green. I hope it tastes good also.

I started drinking, felt energized and focused. You see they put more time, 51 seconds over here. They're just not doing it fast.

They have inside the promotion, they have everything inside. Okay so busy mom spending so much money on supplements, product information and all of that. Let's see something with professional runners.

Perfect pre-race supplement. Okay let's go and see that. Okay all about routine.

Needs to support daily lifestyles and stuff. So this is the angle that they have chosen for this one. It's a storytelling, split screen, visually showing, the target audience is a runner and all of that.

Okay again busy moms. It was another approach, it was the main approach I guess. A better solution to low energy levels.

I doubt she's a mom. So I give my energy levels up though. Okay.

From the way that she's folding these clothes I can understand that she's not a mom. But anyway. Okay so in this one they're trying to convince somebody that it has a problem.

So if you're a mom and you're busy you're not taking your nutrients. Okay. This is the message that you need to keep over here.

Let's go and see a little bit on the problem aware audience. Okay. So this is for people that they know that the problem exists.

They know that they're busy. They're not taking their nutrients. Okay.

So elderly people who have gut issues. Okay. So this is a problem that exists and leave bloat behind.

People with bloating issues and stuff. Busy moms feeling bloated. So they attack again the busy mom thing that feel bloated and stuff.

Because apparently with their analysis they have seen that it helps to people that they have gut issues and bloating. So they attack the problem immediately. If you have these problems we have a problem which is going to solve it.

Let's see also this video. Two or three people have gut issues. Okay.

So it's making you search also if you have gut issues. Bloated. It's a gut issue.

Okay. Gut health. Lower bloating.

Bioregularity and all of that. Perfect. Okay.

And she's a mom because it has a child and all of that. Okay. Now solution aware.

Okay. So the solution aware audience is a group of people who know they have a problem and are aware of multiple alternatives that can solve it. Okay.

Again you don't need to have presence to all of these five stages. You need to understand in which of these stages you need to focus more. Okay.

These brands are multi-million dollar companies. They focus on all of them. But if you are having not a huge budget and all of that maybe you need to focus on something that it's you know it's going to help you more you know in the stage that you think that you're losing people that they are not continuing to the next stage.

So target. Heavy coffee drinkers. The prospect either knows or recognizes immediately that he wants what the product does but he doesn't yet know that there is a product.

Your product and what will do for him. So we have heavy coffee drinkers. Fight caffeine crushes.

Okay. So let's go on this one. Hate caffeine crushes.

This is your hook by the way. The enemy. And I cut down my coffee intake a lot since I took AG1 so it helped him do that.

Then we have exercise also of course inside. Supplement routine and all of that. Cool.

So we have another one easy month one drink replaces many other products and people who take a lot of supplements also. Okay you take pills pills pills pills. If you see this is something that they have mentioned also in the first video over here.

Do you see the pills over here? Look. It's going to have the pills.

You see it's so much money on supplements. So this is about money and this is not about money anymore. This is about you having to take so many supplements.

Yes it's also money but it's also the fact that you have to take all of these things. Replace your multivitamins with a more effective solution. Okay.

So it's trying to tell you that since you know that you need to take multivitamins. Okay. Take this one.

It's better. Okay. So product aware.

There are people at this stage that your prospect knows your product that exists but it's 100% aware of all its future benefits but they're not fully convinced. This is the point that most of the times people are putting inside reviews or influencers to convince people who people who take a lot of supplements benefits. Let's go and see this one.

Immune support. Do you see the more we go towards the stages the ads are less complex because the people already know about them and they don't have to. Immune support.

We have images and stuff. You see it has review over here so it's giving more credibility so that you can decide to buy. I guess this is a review also.

Of course social proof over here. Okay. So this one is benefit plus social proof and then we go to the most aware which is the last stage and in this last stage basically you care about making people convert again or if they haven't converted but they are convinced that the product is good if they need an offer buy to get one free or maybe if they want to buy a kit for a whole month only now 10 instead of five travel pack for free all of that get your AG1 welcome kit and all of that so they have a welcome kit in order to convince people so this is the the point that they have the most aware the people that they already know the product they are convinced that they want it they convince that it's a credible product and they haven't decided to bought it yet so you have to lure them in with an offer again these are multimillion dollar dollar multi-million dollar companies you don't you don't have to do all of this but you have to know it in order for you to focus in one of the stages of course not in the last one if nobody knows you okay but you have to focus maybe in one stage building it and eventually you're going to take them through the process of learning about your product and stuff just try to see what you are bleeding and focus based on what we discussed here to have creatives that are explaining things with hooks and all of the other things that we're discussing in the other videos if you're doing ads for yourself or if you're doing ads for someone else or if you're advertising you need to know about these things you need to understand more creatives because this is what is going to happen at the end we're just going to provide creatives to Meta in order to run the ads and we need to know about the different angles so that we can let Meta use this as targeting so the hook the way that you do ads the people that they resonate with your ads it's very important and this is why you need to know the five stages of awareness now i'm not saying that you should do awareness ads this is a different thing i'm talking about doing cold traffic ads for sales but understanding which of these five stages you're addressing to i hope it makes sense if you want to learn more you can check my book you can check my course where i'm having this and more advanced stuff and more stuff about conversions sales and all of that case studies different things theory advanced stuff you can see below all the testimonials from people completed the course and why it's the best facebook ads course in the world and also you can have a link in the description where you can check and you can go and you can see the free part which is part of the main course and decide if you want to buy it or not also i have my mentorship program chosen five and you can see below the people that they have completed it or they are still on it and as we go towards to the q4 most likely they're not going to be in spots but hit me up and maybe we will find some time depending also if you are having a high spend and stuff if your spend is low don't try to under the chosen five program try first to solve other problems with the business and when you are able to scale then we can talk again until we win again guys be creative and be consistent if you are