Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about the CPMs that we see on Broad and Interest Targeting in a new pixel from a new ad account that one of my oldest clients have started. I have seen some really interesting stuff and I want to discuss them with you. So it's not going to be any huge video we're going to go straight away to my PC to show you what I have observed so that you can know if you are having a new pixel.

So I have been with this client for the past four years. He has now five businesses already. This is one of the new businesses.

He always gives me his new ad accounts and stuff and then we scale them and everything. The good part with him is that all of his ideas are solid okay. It's not like he's having just an idea.

He's doing the research and stuff. So whenever we do ads, maybe he has already established a way of having organic sales or maybe the idea is solid and nobody else is doing it. Whatever.

It is an account. We have a completely new pixel though. It's in the pet niche.

This is a good thing because we can use it because I will tell you what's the issue over here. I always tell you the videos that you should start with an advantage loss campaign or a broad targeting campaign no matter what in order to test if it's working or not. This is what I have done here.

And as you can see here, we have immediately... So this one is an Advanced Plus and this one it's a CPO with interests with different breeds of dogs. Over here you can see that the CPO that we're getting was on £49 and this one is on £13.5 which means that the pixel which is completely new it's not ready yet for broad targeting.

If you don't see this on the actual results also we can see here that we have issues with our Cosper click here. But even the same creatives which are here on broad on the top and on this one it's on normal targeting interest. We can see that there is a difference.

The CTR is the same but over here we can see that we have checkouts which are close to the same number and we have some purchases. I'm not saying that if I leave the broad targeting I wouldn't have any sales but do I want that expensive traffic? It's a cost per click and so that's a super big signal from my pixel that it doesn't understand broad targeting yet.

And what has happened is that I started with this. I have seen that the tiers are working better and you can see then I close this campaign eventually because it's super expensive but of course it's a start. Right now I have managed to get it to 100.

It's still not enough. It's still not okay but we will see how it goes because right now it's not like we're saying that this is the numbers that we get from Facebook. We don't know yet the numbers from Facebook.

We're just training our pixel right now. £13 over here which is good. We did new creatives videos so we did much better over here on the cost per click and eventually I hope that it's going to continue getting sales.

Also we have improved here on the cost per checkout so this is a journey okay. This is a completely new pixel. Most of the people in my situation wouldn't take new ad accounts.

I don't take new ad accounts from stages but when you have a normal business that you know how they behave that they mean that if you have good numbers scale as much as you want because a lot of times people say scale as much as you want if you have good numbers but they don't mean it because they will have stock issues. They're going to have not a good storage house to actually accept the scaling and all of that. I know with these people that they are professionals and I work with them in other brands that they do mean it.

So here you can see that yes it was correct to test the broad targeting immediately in case it was going to work but the interests are working better so we'll go there. Which raises the question if you have a niche like the Christian niche for example that you don't have interest to use what are you going to do? That's the point.

It's much more difficult. You will have to pay much more expensive for your initial sales until you train the pixel compared to this situation which has more competition don't get me wrong because it means that the more people they can use interest the more people they can enter a niche like that and you will have competition later. Like the same way that we do now.

We do enter as new players in the same niche which means that we are increasing the CPM of this specific niche. On the other hand in the previous example that we gave it's much more difficult to enter but as you enter you're going to have very very very good results. For example in this account which is in the Christian niche you can see that the CPMs over here is on 8.24 CPM spending 450k in Black Friday period okay which means that in a period of October for example it was 5.

Okay so you were getting 5 dollars as a CPM in the Christian niche by spending 200k. That's crazy numbers. You don't get these numbers in the pet niche for instance.

There's no way that you can do that. So that's all I had to tell you about that because basically it's broad targeting it doesn't work move to interest these are normal things that are happening with new pixels. Keep testing creatives in order to improve the cost of your traffic.

The same goes with CPM if you see very high CPM try to see if you can overcome it with different targeting and all of that and don't think that these are your numbers because right now your pixel is not trained and all of that you don't know if these are your numbers maybe you will have completely different numbers as you move on and you train your pixel. I hope that you like these videos when I see these kind of things I find them interesting and I like to show them to you. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course and on my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.