Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm coming to you with the last daily loop theory video in half. I'm very disappointed. But this time with another account that's actually breaking the daily loop on a daily level.

So the daily loop theory came to our lives. I have another three videos I believe if I'm not completely wrong I think it's three. The daily loop came to our lives because sometimes I could see cannibalization between campaigns and I started creating a whole theory behind it so that I can be able to explain it to people how they can overcome it and stuff.

I haven't realized that at this point it's going to become a little bit of theory that people are going to be afraid of. So I have seen people coming to me and say I'm stuck with the loop I don't know what to do and stuff but I didn't create it for that reason. I don't create something so that you're going to be afraid.

I create something so that you can explain it understand it and find the solution about it. You should not limit yourself by saying that I stuck under the daily loop what am I going to do. This is stressful because now at least you know what is happening instead of you seeing for example that you're spending more money and the revenue is the same and you don't understand why.

So now you know and the only thing that you have to do is just work. In this specific account which I'm going to show you because apparently guys on the previous account I cannot show you anymore because I was telling to the owner that you have to give me other creatives he was giving me all the time the same creatives and guess who is going to be blamed at the end? Me!

So we stopped on this account advertising because they were not giving other creatives so we had our one campaign they were not giving other creatives they don't need me anymore they start they keep running their one campaign which is which I optimized and the optimization is has finished and there is no point of running other campaigns if they don't give creatives so they fired me and they are going to continue on their own just having this campaign and maintain it. It is that simple if you don't want to scale if you don't want to do the extra thing and you have now the daily loop to explain everything why you cannot scale you are just staying in the same budget. Other accounts are going to come and go and now I have another account which I started working with and it's breaking the daily loop you know because we are having other creatives and we're actually having better results and I would like to show you in this account also the importance of the creatives and how important they are because with the previous creatives we had some results which were acceptable but with another set of creatives which were also completely different angles we are having much better results improving a lot the ad account and not only that we are having also the possibility of scaling because we have improved the numbers so much.

So this year I met a lot of people from the inner circle chosen five some of those that they were freelancers and I realized one thing which actually helped me teach better people. The thing that I have realized is that someone cannot go to the level that you want them to be unless if they see someone who is already there. What I'm trying to say is this that there are freelancers that they were good characters they were having good sales skills they were having their own clients but they were not doing it properly because they had never seen a Constantinos which is making x amount of money from example from that you know I'm something of a scientist myself or an ad account to an owner he has never seen someone scaling that much so he believed that it's not possible.

Hi guys I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have you can find the one that is going to feed better your needs and I will hope to see you there. That's why today I would like to show you also the other count that is actually breaking the daily loop because if I don't then I'm just creating just one theory over here that you haven't seen how it is to break the daily loop and how it is to actually scale while you have the knowledge of what is happening if you cannot scale. So that being said that's the purpose of the video and this is why it's the last video because everything has to finish with a happy end.

We have seen all the difficulties that you might have but now we have also a case study over here that is breaking the daily loop and as I said earlier from my experience it's better to show to people also the good scenario and not only the bad scenarios so that they can have in their mind that this is bad this is bad they need to also know the good scenarios and how it looks when everything is doing well and you can actually break the daily loop. So let's go into my pc let me show you how this account looks so that you can know if you are breaking the loop or not and if you have a problem or not and we will take it from there. So as I told you at the start of the video I don't have access anymore to the other account you will have to go and watch the previous videos of the daily loop if you want to understand it better.

What I have although access is to another account that is breaking the daily loop so we don't care about the other account that is not breaking the daily loop. Boom! Roasted!

What do we see here and let me explain. So if we start over here from let's see when the campaign started over here. I need to clarify that it's a store that's selling shoes.

We're selling shoes with a different angle that I cannot say. It's not this angle but let's say that we're selling shoes with eco-friendly for example the thing and we're using recycled material for the shoes for example. This is not just a pair of shoes in that case for example it's a pair of shoes that you sell with another angle with eco-friendly character.

So we have another niche over here for the shoes it doesn't matter and we're trying to sell from different angles. The thing that we see here is that from the campaign that started on the 17th let's start seeing how many 17th of January it's the new one the 2nd of January is the first one. So here in the 7 days mark what we're seeing is that we're getting 12 sales from my experience we're getting 11 to 12 or sometimes we're getting 10.

Let's continue 11 sales again we do the same process as we have done in the other daily loop theory videos. Over here we're having 12 over here we're having 11. Let's continue over here we have 10 again we have 13 and this is the point that we introduced the new campaign.

Now remember the new campaign that we have so far let me show you the previous period actually because we have 60 as a cost per purchase which means that because we have a low CPM at 9 I'm not so happy with my results over here I'm getting too raw as okay but still I'm not so happy and I believe that we can improve a lot on the creative side. If we see also here the cost per unique click on 0.83 and this is also another thing that I was telling to you the other time is that you need to compare CTRs when you're having the same CPMs okay so we go on this period what do we see here we are having and this is very important for you to understand so this is a CTR of 5% but why is it better from this as a creative because we are having the same CPMs. So now we can say that yes this creative over here it's far far far better from the CTR from the creative that we see below but I'm realizing that this is a very topic for another video so I'm not going to go into detail about it because I think it would be really interesting to see it on another video.

Now over here our new creatives are giving us 24 pounds cost per purchase comparing to 60 something I don't believe that the actual cost per purchase is 79 over here because now these creatives are having also some competition as you can understand so what do we see here immediately we see that this one even if this one is doing better it's not losing sales so in the next days we can actually see that we are going like this then 5 back in the day back in the other account we would have 5 and 5 and still 10 sales or 5 6 to have 11 sales here we're having this one holding the sales because it's different style of creatives different angle and stuff or maybe because we're using the same creatives in some other accounts and just the product can scale more and here we are seeing that we are having some better creatives with better cost per purchase that they are just coming here and they are not cannibalizing all the other account okay and the previous campaigns and of course the average results are getting better and let's continue seeing how this progresses it's doing pretty well actually reaching three rows and so on and so on we have 1610 and here what do we have i think here it's dropping a little bit yeah it's 1118 so we're having very good results and we know immediately that these creatives are better and they're working better but the most important thing they're not cannibalizing our previous campaign which is some other accounts it could happen so while they're better they are targeting another hot pocket that's very important because that means that we can keep the previous one we can keep also this one and work in an average result of course right now i'm not stupid i'm just going to work in creatives which are similar to this and eventually i'm going to replace this campaign with better creatives and i'm going to try to scale like this but here obviously we are seeing that we are not actually scaling and we're cannibalizing what are we doing we're having 29 sales which is actually three times more sales while we doubled our budget we didn't triple our budget we doubled our budget in the previous case we doubled our budget and we're having the same amount of sales so our rows for example from three rows it went to 1.5 rows and so on so now you get it and now you understand how it is another account that is actually scaling and another account that is actually working really well and it doesn't cannibalize the campaigns in between and how it is to work with other creatives and how important are the creatives in order for you to be able to scale and an account and your business eventually i hope that this is going to inspire you so that you're not going to use the daily loop theory as an excuse of blocking you from success but now you know how it looks from the other side when you are knowing the daily loop but you know that you are breaking the daily loop and you are scaling your other account i will see you for the closing of the video so the daily loop theory came to our lives in 2024 i was trying to explain all of the things that i was seeing across accounts and for sure i was a little bit annoyed sometimes when people were just focusing on the fact that i have the daily loop and i cannot solve it while as i said earlier it was created so that you can know what's the problem and fix it and because i really believe in it and because we have proven it across accounts and stuff not only me but many other people that i have seen that accounts it's happening there i wanted to make this last video so that we can show one case that we're not having this problem so that's now it's going to be a complete series and a complete theory that people can follow and understand don't forget guys that if you want to learn more you can check my book my course my website you can check also my mentorship programs which have been a major part of me creating all of these theories with all of my students and you can see also the testimonials below with all of the people completed actually these programs or the ones that are already inside the inner circle and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent