Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about stacked lookalikes which is another lookalikes method that I like to use and basically it's one of my best methods when it comes to lookalikes. So it's a Monday morning, I'm reading to this comment over here and I realized that even if I'm referring to stacked lookalikes all the time, I have never done a video just for stacked lookalikes. Why?

Because sometimes guys we believe that we have done things that we haven't done I guess but the problem here is this, I never considered stacked lookalikes something different as a method because it's part of the crazy method and I'm going to explain a little bit of what I mean but sometimes you know I'm referring to stack lookalikes, stack lookalikes, stack lookalikes and I don't have any video to show to people just to explain what it is and the principles behind the way of thinking of stacking the lookalikes. So let's start. Now there is no point to go into my pc to show you how to do it, basically you know how to do lookalikes, I have a video about lookalikes on how I explain how to do them and how to group them or whatever.

Let's discuss a little bit about what is stacked lookalikes. Before the IOS basically we were having 1% lookalikes that they were working very well and after the IOS we have realized that 1% is not working so well and when you do 1% is not working. So people like me start thinking yes but can we just stop using lookalikes because lookalikes are between the interest and between the broad targeting.

The ultimate goal for each ad account is to start from interests, lookalikes then go to broad targeting and stay there and maybe use lookalikes also for differentiation and to have more campaigns and everything. But still it's going to help you to train your pixel when you're past the phase of training the pixel with the interest and you want to scale more. It's going to help you so that you can end up having the broad targeting.

Also there is another thing about the lookalikes is that there are ad accounts right now for example in the Christian niche which we always tend to refer guess why because I have clients in the Christian niche and I know it well that we don't have the interest anymore in order to start with interest. So we have to start with something and then move to lookalikes which is going to be more specific and then move again to broad. Lookalikes are very important for the ad accounts and I couldn't understand the idea of okay don't do lookalikes anymore.

No there has to be a way that we can find for the lookalikes to work. So I started realizing after the iOS I was using broad targeting three four years before that when people were telling me not to because everybody was obsessed with lookalikes and interest but I was understanding that broad targeting and my crazy method could work very well. So for me using broad targeting wasn't something which was new and I wasn't afraid of using very broad audiences.

After the lack of all of these people that we could target and after the removal of interests it was becoming more and more obvious that we would have to use broad targeting. So I thought to myself okay maybe we need to target also with lookalikes that are bigger and I started using so it took me two months. So this happened on uh no one month this happened on July on August I was trying to find it on September I started using 10% lookalikes and they were working flawlessly.

It was perfect they were working like the one percent you were able to use them in order to maintain sales and scale everything was well. It was good. Good.

Then I was doing a simple way of using lookalikes for example I was doing a CBO and I was putting 10% of purchase, 10% of checkout in another adjet, 10% of website visitors in another adjet and then I was seeing which one was working and I was optimizing my CBO normally. After that point when for example 10% purchase was working out of all of those I was duplicating it using the crazy method which is duplicating the same ads a lot of times to target different hot pockets in this 10% big audience that you have. I believe that in the United States is 22 million or something like that and when you were having that then the crazy method was doing its magic.

If you don't know what the crazy method is go and watch it. After that I realized that okay but still can I be more broad with my lookalikes and then the stacked lookalikes came up as an idea. So what is the stacked lookalikes?

So instead of doing this CBO testing period with 10% initiate checkout in one adjet, 10% in purchase, 10% in add to cart and all of that and then see which one's working and used on the crazy method. What if we take all the 10% we put them like this print screen over here in one adjet and then duplicate it and immediately go to crazy method. Why?

What are we winning out of that? First of all we have a lot of options of lookalikes not just one in order to go and try to do it in a CBO with different ones. We have all of them maybe one of them is going to work maybe two of them but maybe different ones are going to work for this adjet or another adjet based on the randomness of the initial results and the hot pockets that we are explaining so much on this channel.

After that I said okay I have the crazy method. The crazy method is the vessel when you have a very broad audience which is the broad targeting for example and now we had audiences like 80 million with this strategy and the 10% lookalikes that were working on their own anyway so stacking them up it would make sense to use with crazy method. That way I was able to scale even more ad accounts and this is something that I'm doing right now a lot.

The whole principle of stacking up 10% together it makes sense because they are the same size audience. The same way that we are actually having different interests that they are having different potential reach and we're grouping them together based on how many people we can target out of them. What is their potential reach in other words.

The same way you should use your lookalikes. You should not put an 1% lookalike with a 10% lookalike in a stacked lookalikes audience because Facebook is going to favor it always the biggest one. It's like when you do a CBO campaign when you're having an adjet with a broad targeting and an adjet which is having an audience of 10 million people potential reach.

Facebook is going to spend all the money on the broad because it's easier for Facebook to do. So if you want to do stacked lookalikes you can do 1% stacked lookalikes if you want to do that and you believe that 1% is going to be better and this is also another way that I have found in order to use again the 1% lookalike because at the end of the day the 1% lookalike in theory is always going to be the best. It's not going to change and we're always going to have the 1% lookalikes as the ones that are closer to our ideal avatar clients but we have also the 10% that is working because the 1% is very small.

Let's bridge the gap. What are we going to do? We're going to do stacked 1% lookalike audiences.

Am I doing it? Yes. In some accounts I'm going to do it.

For the United States for example you can do it because it's a potential reach that is going to work. For another country like a smaller country like Switzerland or Greece or whatever you might have to do 10% only because this is what makes sense with the potential reaches that you're going to have for a smaller country like this. So after the creation of the stacked lookalikes I know it is a little bit of of a theory video and in several videos I'm showing stacked lookalikes but I said okay what the heck I was watching today this ad account which is a baby new ad account and it really explains a little bit the situation between the interest and the lookalikes how we are now trying to transition to the broad and stuff and this is also another account that I made a video because I have a credit from Facebook in order to use a specific setting.

So let me show you the situation here. This is as I said in another video this is another account that I have showed you other times and it's actually the baby brother of another big brand that I'm managing. So if we go here up to March we're going to see this situation.

This situation is 1.14, 1.21 and we are trying to actually have sales and sales and sales and also train the pixel at the same time in order to eventually transition to broad targeting. Now what is the problem that we have here? As I mentioned in this video or maybe I'm going to mention later I don't know where my editor is going to add this.

We are having the situation that maybe we're not going to have interests okay so we need to skip a step. So what are we doing? We're targeting with some general interest for example in this case we were targeting with street fashion okay which is super general and then we are trying to get data data data even with bad drawers and of course by doing work with organic traffic influencers and everything in order to season the pixel and after that point transition to lookalikes.

Now we are at the point that we are transitioning to lookalikes not profitably. We are transitioning to lookalikes because they are working. Before that we were doing lookalikes and they were having zero sales.

Now at least they were having sales and what I was watching here is that they have consistent sales but they are not profitable. Still our cost per purchase is very high and we need two sales per day in order to be profitable instead of one. Of course we are spending just 100-150 per day which is not a lot of money but still for me watching that with lookalikes I have consistency of sales.

This is what I was aiming for and I was trying to have in order to train my pixels so that I can go eventually to profitable lookalikes and non-profitable broad targeting and then to profitable broad targeting and everything else would be easy after that. So at this situation what I was doing a lot is by relaunching a lot of times the same campaign which was working again and again and again and when I would see that I didn't have consistent sales for two three days boom I was closing it relaunching the next day at 6am. Still consistent sales and stuff.

Now we are at the point that I haven't seen a single day for the past 30 days that we don't have a consistent sale and this is a very big improvement for me because it shows that this account now it's actually ready at some point to start getting you know profits. Now one last thing that I want to show you what happened this month? This month of the last seven days is the first time that we are hitting 1.82.

1.82 is profitable for the store and what I want to show you is that here we are having of course of course I know that for this budget I need eight ad sets I have here stacked lookalikes as I showed you. By the way this is a credit which is coming from Facebook it has website and shop inside instead of website. This is the only thing that Facebook was asking for this credit just to put it here with your best practice and your best creatives.

This is what I have done. Now I am running this credit test with a lot of different companies I haven't still seen if the website and shop is making the difference or the website as an option so I cannot tell you yet but I also have Facebook being capable of doing this kind of stuff and promoting it the same way that they're promoting automatic placements even if all the spend goes to Facebook feed Instagram feed Reels and stories. So over here what we have of course is dynamic creative ads and we are having stacked lookalikes.

I explained in the theory why we stack all of them together as a 10% but this is what we have and here we are having all chenders and stuff and everything. The potential is that I'm getting here is 50 to 59. This might fluctuate from company to company based on the lookalikes and maybe they're going to be more or less but this is how it looks.

I closed here two of my ad sets that I didn't do that well in the previous period and over here I'm optimizing the ones that are left as you can see these are having minor spend but you can see more about the CBO optimization in the crazy method or in my video about CBO optimization. So this is how stacked lookalikes actually helped me on this ad account to go closer to the broad targeting which is my ultimate goal here, to train more by pixel, to have a plan with relaunches which is also an important way of thinking and doing ads as a method because it's helping you from trying to reinvent the wheel all the time and I guess that's it. This is a live example of stacked lookalikes and how they're working.

You know on bigger accounts that they're having higher spends and higher ROAs and everything because the pixels are trained you're not going to see me using them a lot because I have better things to do like broad targeting crazy method which is which if it's going to work it's a bigger audience it's going to be more sustainable or I will use for example the advantage plus but in accounts that they are not having so strong pixels lookalikes is a must and this is why I told you that I have invented this way of doing them and I'm following it and it has helped me scale a lot of accounts that you might see now with broad targeting and stuff but before that they were using stacked lookalikes. Anyway that's all I had for you about the stacked lookalikes. I hope that you liked the video I hope that you understand it and I think that in order for you to understand it deeply the ones that you are here since the 1000 subscribers you understand everything that I'm talking about there are several times that we discussed about the stacked lookalikes but for those that they don't understand it try to watch all the videos that I explained that I mentioned during this video and try to familiarize yourself with crazy method because whatever we discuss in this channel it actually falls under the category of the crazy method and we try to use always the crazy method and don't forget that if you want to learn more about facebook ads you can check my book my free course my paid course which has all of these different strategies with examples and stuff and how they work and of course my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent