Hi guys, just a quick update video. I have a love to hate relationship with Facebook and this is one of the reasons. So for the past two or three weeks and of course all of this would have happened on my vacations.

Why not Facebook, why not ruining my whole vacation but anyway we have several issues. First of all two weeks ago or one week ago we had the problem with the accounts that when you were doing new ads you couldn't publish them and then you had an issue and then your ad was getting banned, not restricted for some days and then you were getting it back. It happened again in a weekend.

Now this weekend we have a problem as you can see over here. We have accounts that actually we have campaigns that when you launch them now they're not spending anything, not you relance them, they're not spending anything, they get approved, whatever. Just a small update to that because I have seen also people commenting on my group about it.

You can do nothing about it. I contacted customer support and basically they said that they're looking at it, you know, all of these things that they say and they just look at it, look at it, look at it and at the end of the day it's being fixed on its own. And it's happening always on weekends and I have seen yesterday some of the ads being disapproved and then I asked for a review and they got approved and basically after they got approved they started spending.

The problem is that it was two campaigns with a budget of $500 each and they spent within two, three hours $200. So I closed them. Now the other campaigns are not spending.

After that incident I launched new campaigns that they didn't spend also. So the only campaigns that they have existed before the creation of these campaigns and you know, I don't know what else to think about it. And it always happen on weekends, then it's being fixed on Monday, Tuesday.

So Facebook is actually in a very bad face right now. I can see a lot of problems with the platform. I don't know if they try to fix something.

I don't know what's the issue. The most disturbing thing is that if you go here, you can see for example the contact support team and you click that and look at this. What is this?

Thank you for your interest. Our Meta Pros are expecting an overwhelming amount. They even removed the customer support.

You cannot even talk to them anymore. So I don't know guys, this is a frustration video basically telling why I'm disappointed with the platform right now. I have accounts that are working very well, okay?

This is not the problem. The problem is that I can see across several accounts that there are several issues and I'm actually worried about it. I hope that it's for the best.

Don't forget that Black Friday is coming. Let me know in the comments if you see this kind of issues, if you have this kind of problems. Let me know your thoughts I guess.

I don't know. I just wanted to make this video to also hear your opinion about it. Have a nice day guys.

Bye. Have a nice day guys. Bye.