Hello Facebook ads people, I'm Kostan Diros and today we're going to talk about the five most common mistakes that I see inside the ads manager. I have a lot of leads, I talk with a lot of people and I audit a lot of ad accounts for people that they run already ads with someone else and all of that. The media bank outside there it's not so complex so there are a lot of agencies that they're just doing basic ads without thinking what they're doing just doing the same thing all over again and again and again so I'm not amazed that I see the same things again and again but there are times that I see also some crazy things in some of the accounts but today we're here to talk about the most common ones that I do see.

Erase, erase, erase! And the reason behind it is actually that most people are just doing the same things in all of their accounts without thinking and without maybe having a lot of experience without caring about the results because they have a pipeline ready of clients that they're going to have new clients coming. I don't know what's the reason but let's start with number one.

Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook ads course. It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting and because of that I have created the best Facebook ad course in the world. Inside you're going to find super advanced information but information also for beginners.

It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook ads from the beginner level to super advanced level. It has inside Loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, Loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization, it has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard also strategies that are working all of these years things that I have developed things that I know that they're working because I have spent millions and millions on the platform. Currently I'm spending between five and ten million every month sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and I have access to many many more so I know what is currently working and all the latest trends and this is what I'm doing inside the course.

I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now and if you want you can click the link below you can go and you can check some videos that I have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not. I will see you there. Number one, bad budget distribution.

So just because you have another account for example that is working with a cost per purchase of 30 and you're having for example a campaign which is spending 30 or 40 it doesn't mean that you will have to do the same with another account that it has an average cost per purchase of 100 for example in an AOV of 800 so it's completely different and you need to have different budgets. I see a lot of times people not checking the average cost per purchase that they're getting for example they're getting 50 cost per purchase 60 cost per purchase. It's profitable but they are not distributing normally the budget and they don't understand that the budgets are daily and they're resetting daily.

What I'm trying to say is this they're doing campaigns for example that maybe it's going to be a 30 or 40 with 3-4 ad sets or maybe they're going to do a campaign with 10 dollars while their average cost per purchase on the ad account is 50. You have to adapt the numbers and the budgets that you're going to have into your new campaigns based on the average cost per purchase that you're getting. So if you want to do a CBO maybe do a CBO with 200 and 4 ad sets.

If you want to do an ABO with one ad set do a 50 dollar one and maybe scale it to 100. When you're scaling if you're scaling for example from 50 and you're putting 60 guess what is going to happen? Your 50 dollars cost per purchase is going to become 60.

It's not going to become 30 which means that you're going to get to sales. The situation is that the budgets are daily and they're resetting daily. If you're scaling and you're not understanding that the budget that you need to put it has to be as much as the cost per purchase that you're getting or you're going to increase your cost per purchase in the ad set or the ads then you should not be doing ads at all.

Number two. People are not optimizing at all. They're just doing a CBO and they don't touch it.

Why are you doing a CBO with five six ad sets if you're not optimizing if you're not doing CBO optimization? Are you just thinking that by luck it's going to optimize on its own? Sometimes it's going to happen but why don't you optimize?

Okay maybe you don't know how to optimize but then if you don't know how to optimize just do smaller structures. Do two ad sets for example or do just one ad set. AST campaigns campaigns that they're having one ad set and many ads.

Nobody optimizes on the ad level. They are seeing dominant ads. They don't understand what is happening.

That's why all of these people they are just saying okay let's toss new ads inside the CBO. What the c*** were you thinking? Because they don't optimize it and they don't understand that there is balance is there that it should be kept or in an AST they're tossing inside new ads, new creatives.

They don't understand that if the dominant ad that is there on the top doesn't want to give budget and it's really dominant the other ads are not going to be tested. All of these are technical stuff that either somebody has to explain you all of these so that you can observe them or you're going to observe them on your own in the same way that I have done and I started optimizing CBO and AST campaigns. There is no point for you to run CBOs with multiple ads or multiple ads in an AST or single ad set ABO with many ads and not optimize it because if you want to not optimize just two ads and ad sets that are going to have a very small structure.

Maybe two ads, maybe you're going to do a CBO with two ad sets, whatever. If you're putting many you have to learn also to optimize because if you don't that means that you're not doing ads properly. Number three, I think it's not one of my favorite, it's one it's the one that is actually triggering me the most.

It's people excluding past customers and yes I get it there are going to be exclusions to the rule that you will have to exclude past customers because you're not selling again and stuff. For example for my course it makes sense that I will have to exclude past customers. I'm not going to because I believe that all the people that are going to be able to see the ads again maybe they can comment and say how much they like the course.

I don't believe in excluding past customers because I do believe that all of the data that the past customers are going to give if they convert again it's data that's going to be used from the platform and from the ad set to optimize and find more people. A lot of times people are going to say but I want only new client acquisition. Then you don't understand how Facebook is working which is working with a lot of data and we're missing data because of IOS and you're not understanding how e-commerce is working which is all about repeated sales from the customers.

All of this has to come inside Meta to be used as data in order to find you more and more and more new customers. The people that don't understand that they never scale and they're just always miserable people that are just trying to see numbers and Meta in a way that they're going to try to exploit it but they don't understand that Meta ends up exploiting them because they're not utilizing the platform in the correct way. I do have videos explaining this with actual ad accounts showing you that they have started excluding past customers and what happened over there and you can see them on my channel because as I always say I like to prove to you what I'm saying and why I believe it's bad.

I have seen it in other accounts being bad and actually having a bad impact that's why I'm telling you that I'm against it. Let's go to number four. Doing too much retargeting.

Basically too much retargeting means that you are afraid of doing cold traffic ads and you're doing too much retargeting. I'm against of you doing retargeting like 50% of your budget being retargeting and stuff which I'm seeing in some other accounts and I believe that people do it so that they can show better ROAS inside the platform. I'm not against of you inflating your results inside the platform.

I'm against of you inflating the results inside the retargeting campaigns. Let me tell you why. If you're just using a lot of cold traffic ads and we know that cold traffic ads are going to take 20-30% per campaign is going to go to retargeting, you don't need retargeting ads in most cases or you just need a very small campaign with a very small budget.

Just like if you're spending 5k per day for example just a campaign with 100 not more than that because I want all the retargeting sales to go inside my cold traffic ads. If my retargeting sales are going inside my retargeting ads then there are no use. Basically it's just data that's going to inside the retargeting.

I don't care for the retargeting if it's being stolen, if the sale is being stolen from email or SMS to go inside my retargeting campaign. But I do care if it goes inside my cold traffic campaign which is going to help me find more and more and more sales. I'm against retargeting with big numbers.

You can just do something small just to have a retargeting or a catalog for example just to show all of your products or whatever. But I'm against of you having many retargeting campaigns even on the promos. I would prefer if they are on the cold and you are going to manage to have these retargeting sales because we know that Meta is going to steal a lot from mail, SMS, Google, whatever.

But all of these sales if they go to cold traffic and they're going to be used as data in order to find more and more and more customers even new or existing customers doesn't matter. But if it's going to be used as data for cold traffic ads then it makes sense. If they go inside the targeting then you're just cannibalizing your audience and you're just having a company which is like a zombie that eventually this audience that was built with cold traffic ads is going to be depleted because you're doing too much retargeting.

And number five. Of course there's no way that we're going to close this video without talking about consolidation. Consolidation is when a lot of people are trying to simplify the way that they do ads which I'm not against of you simplifying something.

I will tell you what I'm against of is when they're doing consolidation they just want to run a whole other account with just one campaign. I have case studies where I'm proving it that with multiple campaigns you can scale more but not multiple campaigns just with the same creative. I guess the biggest issue with consolidation is that goes together with some lazy people that they just want to scale with one creative because they found that one creative was working and they want to scale it again and again and again.

It's not going to happen. Facebook is going to stop you. I have the daily loop theory and I have proven it with Axolad accounts showing you that the sales are going to be split in between campaigns even if you spend more if you're not going to use different angles.

So the consolidation to me it's something that is not working. It can take you up to a point but you cannot scale as much as you can scale with different campaigns that are going to have different angles. By different angles I mean that instead of for the lunch boxes example that we say for example instead of targeting only moms and you target also grandmas then you target also men instead of only women for a romantic picnic with a lunch box and so on different angles and we're going to have now more videos for creatives and I'm going to explain more about the different angles and how you can avoid the daily loop theory.

The consolidation strategy says that you're just having one campaign you're tossing inside creatives and if you have a better one it's going to win the winner ad that you have and so on and so on. You can keep scaling scaling because the new one means that it can scale more. I have proven again in other accounts by having a consolidated account to one campaign that I was able to scale more with multiple campaigns.

Another thing that I have proven though is that you can have one campaign for example like this CBO that has many ads and many creators inside and you're going to see that okay you have a winner ad this doesn't mean that the other ads they cannot work on their own campaigns with their own budget. I call this the Usain Bolt effect it's like Usain Bolt that he was dominating everything for 25 years if he wasn't there someone else was going to be the first. It doesn't mean that the others behind him are not worthy they were just unlucky that he it was his era.

So the same thing is happening on these campaigns if you have a really dominant ad it doesn't mean that the other ads are bad and they cannot work on their own campaign they can and this is what most people are missing they're just focusing in just one campaign they're tossing everything inside and while they they were going to be able to scale more with multiple campaigns and different angles. If you keep doing this with just one angle you're going to have a problem but if you keep doing different campaigns with different angles and you're attacking different hot pockets eventually you're going to be able to scale more and I have proven that with the one campaign ad account live case study that I have shown that in three four months I was able to scale more you can watch the videos. So these are the five most common mistakes that I do see across the ad accounts that I not manage because I don't do these mistakes there but in the ad accounts that I'm actually seeing and auditing and all of that.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book you can check my course it's a huge course it has everything inside from advanced strategies beginner strategies it has chosen five sessions with my students it has inside loom videos with cbo aac optimization it has inside whiteboard theory for all the things that we discussed and many many many more I think you're going to love it there are a lot of reviews already on the trust pilot that they show that people are actually loving it and don't forget also that we have my mentorship programs where you can actually come and we can do one-on-one sessions every day and you can see below all the people that they have completed them the things that they say about these programs until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent