Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about ad account structure in 2024 and also how to scale with this ad account structure in 2024. Some theory first on all of that and then I will take you to my pc to show you some ad accounts and to prove to you that what I'm telling to you it's not bullshit. So first of all, ad account structure, if you are scaling and you are trying to scale again and again what you need to have is most probably even up to eight advanced plus campaigns.

Right now we do have eight advanced plus campaigns limitation per country per ad account and this is something that maybe it's changing because I can see in some of my ad accounts that I can do more than eight advanced plus but I don't know if this is if this is going to be the case with all the ad accounts or if this is going to be something that is a change that is happening across that account slowly so we don't know yet but I would be really happy if we can do more advanced plus campaigns per ad account. So a basic structure is that we have a lot of advanced plus campaigns and we don't care so much about the targeting at that point because we know that advanced plus campaign is stealing sales. The account structure for each ad account has to be different based on what they are selling.

For example, if you have let's say you are selling a weight loss program and you have initially a top of funnel which is selling a book or giving it for free and then you have to actually target people in order to go inside the program. This is a completely different case from having an e-commerce store with clothing that you go immediately and you do advanced plus campaigns trying to sell the clothing. So as you can understand the changes of each funnel or its business is completely different and we have to adapt to that.

This is why we need to understand every single aspect and every single thing that we do within the ads manager. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

So if you are not one of these fun, if you're not having one of these funnels that it is all about getting people then try to retarget them with something else and so on. What you should do is you should do conversion ads, not even traffic ads, not brand awareness ads. I consider them a waste of money and time and if you want to do something with $10 per day, do it I guess if you want to feel better about it, but I do think that these are not going to benefit you.

What you should do is you should do conversion ads and try to build your pixel and if your pixel is trained then do a lot of advanced plus campaigns with different creatives in each one of them. Don't focus so much on retargeting. You don't need a ratio of 20% retargeting, 80% cold traffic.

Most of the times I just have a very small retargeting campaign and I do retargeting whenever I get a promotion or something like that that we need to push. For example, on Black Friday let's say that we're spending another account 5k per day. Over there most probably we have a lot of advanced plus campaigns and I'm going to talk in a little bit about CBO campaigns.

If you can do only advanced plus and it's working in your ad account then focus only on advanced plus and just do a different advanced plus with different creatives on it or try to use the things that we discussed about the advanced plus crazy method see if it's working for you or do I'm having one video coming right now for advanced plus crazy method catalog which worked really well in another account while I was trying advanced plus campaigns with other creatives and it didn't work. So it's about watching me others seeing what we are doing trying these things in your ad account and try to expand but if we want to focus just on account structure do a lot of advanced plus campaigns with different creators in my opinion and then jump to CBO if you don't have the luxury of doing more than eight advanced plus campaigns. About retargeting as I said there's a lot of people that they talk about 70% cold 30% retargeting.

Now with advanced plus we know that advanced plus is stealing a lot of sales from retargeting so I'm not focusing so much. For example another account that I mentioned earlier for 5k per day maybe I will have one retargeting for 200 300 dollars if I have all of my other spend on advanced plus. On the other hand it's a very good way for you to actually target people with a promotion or with a new collection that is coming with some retargeting ads and when you have something a drop or a special promotion you just do the retargeting with creatives that are specifically made for that and then you're having also retargeting but then when the promo is over you just close this retargeting and you continue with the same structure.

That's it for the structure now let's discuss a little bit about CBO and which is going to be our second option if we don't have more than eight advanced plus in our ad account. Now if you're having a small ad account it doesn't mean necessarily that you have to do also CBO. Maybe you will do only advanced plus it's totally fine and you can actually have an ad account working like this but in bigger ad accounts and for you that you have bigger you have to do CBO campaigns if you want to keep scaling.

One of the biggest questions that I get is this. I have an advanced plus working. I have a CBO working.

How can I scale? And that's the problem that most people are facing right now when they're scaling ad accounts. They are trying to scale ad accounts by increasing budgets.

I consider this a very bad move and I have seen it and I have seen other people crying about it or crying. Okay it's not okay for people to lose money. Of course they are going to cry but you understand my point.

The thing is that the people all the times people make these kind of mistakes and they don't realize that it's because they're just touching budgets that they should not touch. If you have a campaign which is working an advanced plus a CBO campaign. Advanced plus campaigns actually are better in scaling because you can scale them by increasing the budget and they are behaving better but CBO campaigns are not behaving well at all when you increase the budgets.

You need to have many assets inside working very well in order for you to increase a CBO campaign to actually be able to absorb the budget and work well or be lucky. And even if you do it once or twice or three times eventually you are going to fail and you are going to lose your CBO campaign and maybe you're not going to be able to recover it. So the whole point here is to do more campaigns and more campaigns and a lot of people disagree with me.

It's totally fine. Everybody share their own experiences and they say that you should not do many campaigns. You should just focus the budget in one campaign.

But guys, I'm showing you results. I'm showing you ad accounts and maybe they have their own results. The problem here is that it's not that I don't believe them.

I just think that this is the best way for me to optimize and scale ad accounts and I have results to prove it. I'm pretty sure that they might also have results to prove it but it doesn't say anything to me because this is my way. How can I not be convinced about it if I have seen very good results of it, if I'm getting more clients, if my clients are referring me to more clients, if I'm getting paid more because of that.

My opinion is not going to change about it. So we can debate all you want but I'm showing results over here that this structure actually works and whoever doesn't understand it, it's up to them. They can do whatever they want.

Now you, as a person who is watching the video, you should try my opinion, somebody else's opinion, somebody else, somebody else and try to see which thing is working better for you, for your mentality, for your way of thinking and try to use this one so that you can expand and scale your ad account. So my basic idea over here is that I like to scale with campaigns. I don't like to touch one campaign which is a CBO especially which is having a budget for example of 200.

I'm going to create another 200 dollar CBO campaign. Is it going to be a crazy method instead of using the same exact campaign? Is it going to be a campaign with other creatives?

Is it going to be stacked lookalikes? Is it going to be something else if it's a CBO? Is it going to be another Advanced Plus?

Is it going to be the way that we discussed and I'm also preparing a video from another ad account that when you do Advanced Plus campaigns you have just one ad which is taking all of the budget or two or three and then you can just duplicate the campaign because it doesn't mean duplicate the campaign and run it without the two or three working so that you can try to scale because it doesn't mean that the other ads that you have inside are not working. They are not just as strong as the ads that they took all of the budget. So there are several ways of scaling like this but with more campaigns instead of just increasing the budget in just one campaign and also we know that this is very important because creatives are very important especially in 2084.

We even have an AI coming, Sora AI, which is going to revolutionize the way of running ads. People are going to have access to more creatives so creatives, creatives, creatives are going to come and we will have to do more campaigns with that. This is the ideal account structure that I like to have for CBO and for Advanced Plus.

I do new campaigns, I don't just increase the budgets and to me there is no point of doing that when I can do another campaign optimized all over again without risking the campaign that's actually working right now and with that way I'm establishing a new base every time just doing more and more and more campaigns which are considered my base and then I'm just risking only on the new campaigns. Of course there is also the possibility of having Facebook stopping you when you're trying to scale or you as a person abusing what I'm saying and just taking everything and doing with the same creatives, the same targeting, five crazy methods for example and then everything is going to collapse. So just try to take all of that, don't abuse it.

I have done in ad accounts three or four crazy methods with the same creatives and it was working but it doesn't mean that you should do that and you should try you know not to be lazy, do more creatives and all of that but for sure the structure of several campaigns which are having a lot of budget keeping them for a very long period, letting them become post IDs and eventually scale more and more with more campaigns, it's working 100%. I have case studies of one year proving that because we have done the whole journey of one year doing that and scaling while we were maintaining the same ROAS. Crazy if you think of it because we went from 30-40k to spend 540k in Black Friday and if you're not convinced with the Black Friday because you think that it's inflated, go on the previous months we were spending 300k over there.

It's not like we did a bump of 60k to 500k in Black Friday. We have done it gradually increasing the budget month by month, some months we did worse, some months we did better but the average of the whole year was on 5.5. Okay, I'm going to show you some other accounts just so that you can be convinced that this thing is working.

Sadly I'm going to hide the names of each campaign but I'm going to tell you what is it. This is one of the accounts that I cannot do more than 8 Advanced Plus campaigns so I'm a little bit creative in what I'm doing. The first campaign over here is the oldest one so in the last 30 days here we spent 150k and the maximum has to be millions I guess excluding the deleted campaigns at 4.6 but I'm pretty sure that we have deleted campaigns so if I put iHatDelivery...

how much? I know this other account since day one by the way. It's going to take some time to load I guess if it's going to load everything because this is another account that I'm running for 4 years.

No, it's not going to load it. Anyway, anyway this pen here is much more, it doesn't matter but let's do that. Okay, so this one is spending around 6k per day I believe something like that.

Yeah. Now how am I doing ads over here? So this is a catalog retargeting okay.

Here we're talking about a fashion brand in the United States so I'm doing a catalog but this is only 100 per day okay and that's my only and last retargeting over here but I'm doing retargeting campaigns from time to time when we have new drops, new collections or we have any special promotion. Here we have one Advantage Plus and now I want to show you also this. This is coming from September 2022.

On the last 7 days it has 1.89 but in the maximum this is a beast campaign that has spent 410k 2.44. Another thing that a lot of times people do and it's a huge mistake it's that they go and they just kill campaigns. I have actually seen that from agencies that they might take one client, they go and they close campaigns that the client had for years and this is devastating you know because this campaign is never going to be, they're never going to be able to produce this kind of results.

So here we're having campaigns which are beasts okay. This is coming from September 9, May 19, 2023, May 28, July 18, July 23 and don't get me wrong. During that period I was doing more ads but some of those campaigns they failed and stuff but you know if as long as this one is still working I'm going to use it.

This one is a dynamic, this is an Advantage Plus campaign with a catalogue okay and it's working pretty well and a lot of companies that they do sell a lot of products I really like to actually use it. Then we have an Advantage Plus which was published on April 2023. It's almost one year since we launched this one.

It's doing pretty well. Then we have here a campaign with beat caps. They're a little bit volatile.

You can see that here we have some decent spend. Most of this spend happened during Black Freddy. Here it's an APO basically because I'm controlling the budget on each one of those.

We're going to do a separate video about beat caps. Here we have a stacked lookalikes campaign, crazy method, from July 18. This is when we had a new drop and this is some restocks that we had on July.

This is another drop which came on September 6. Again stacked lookalikes. At that point you might be wondering why I didn't do more Advance Plus campaigns.

I was skipping spots of Advance Plus campaigns because I was getting close to Black Friday so I have only eight to use so I was skipping my spots for that. You can see here we have another campaign which is from October 19, November 1st, November 7. These are my campaigns.

If you remember my Black Friday videos that I was telling to you that you need to actually have some campaigns that they're going to start as Evergreen campaigns during the Black Friday period and they're going to get boosted by results so that you can keep them after that. By the way these two are Advance Plus campaigns okay and I told you I was skipping them because of that. This one is actually Normal Creatives CBO stacked lookalikes and this one is with Post IDs stacked lookalikes and this one is Post IDs Advantage Plus with different ads and this one is Normal Ads.

This one is also coming from that period. This is just a Normal CBO with Crazy Method and then we have December 5th, January 24, 30 and February 1st we have our last four Advance Plus campaigns. So two really old Advance Plus campaigns, two that they came out of the Black Friday period and just four new with the new things that we want to promote on this period.

So this is one account structure that I'm using over here. What I want to point out is that as you can see here we have two campaigns that they came during the Black Friday period. They got boosted by the results and we still keep them because they did really well and they took so much data that it helped them actually continue getting sales for us.

Breakeven rows on this other account is 1.8. We go for a growth over here and we have actually scaled a lot in the last year and I hope that we're going to continue scaling. Of course we always have stock issues with this brand from time to time because even when we take an enormous amount they just sell out.

So this company actually since I came they changed the warehouse three times already going to a bigger one and bigger one. But it's good you know because it's bad. Anyway, e-commerce is always, in e-commerce we always have problems that we have to overcome.

As you can see this is a structure with many campaigns and a lot of campaigns that I'm keeping for a long period so it's nothing but keeping, of course there were periods that these campaigns didn't do well. For example, in the last seven days we might see that this one has 1.45. I'm not going to close it okay.

In the last 14 days it's having 1.77 okay. And again I'm telling you this one, the last 40 days it has... No, this is something that I opened yesterday so don't look at it because it doesn't have any spend.

But as you can see in the average I'm winning and this is what you need to understand. When you are running ads and you want to scale you need to keep campaigns for a long period in order to become really powerful and behave as post IDs even if they're normal ads with all the comments that they're going to get. Don't close them.

Just be a little bit more flexible from the period that they do bad because they're going to actually recover and operate in a way like this because the moment you start touching this campaign, the other campaign, the other campaign over there because you want to improve the ROAS, then you are ruining everything and you're not able to scale because you are not having stability into your ad account. Also for whoever is talking about ad fatigue and all of that, as long as it's producing sales and good ROAS, that's good. Now if you think that you have ad fatigue because for seven days it didn't do well, let me tell you that there are campaigns and I have videos proving it that you touched the campaign, you closed it, you never recovered it because you just believe in a theory that it's talking about ad fatigue while you're not checking the data and you're not just focusing on the data.

So you can see the basic structure of this ad account and how it behave. If we want to summarize some points over here, keep campaigns that they are working for a long period and be more flexible with them without being afraid and all of that because you might lose them and you will never be able to recover them because they have so many comments as posts that when you're going to launch them all over again they are not going to work. Secondly, operate with many campaigns, with different creatives, different collections, different drops, different testing of ideas, different...

you can use post ideas, you can use catalogues, you can use different creatives, you can use different styles of creative videos or static in different campaigns and all of that. You have the luxury of doing that and you can do it with many campaigns and then behave to that as a whole thing, you know, and just watch the average results. Some of those are going to do better one time, some of those are going to do worse sometimes.

We can go on different periods and see a little bit on on the last 7 days. For example, on the last 7 days, 2.17, okay? So let me track this one.

Oh no, this one is new. Let me track this one, okay? So let's go from this to this, let's go from this to this.

So remember 1.76, 1.9 here. Let's go here, somewhere around here. 2.

So it started dropping on the last period but this doesn't say anything because it's going to improve. Then it was 1.89, okay? And let's go for example on this one, okay?

1.79, okay? In such a big period, okay? Most people were going to close this one but look, without touching it, it's actually recovering.

So some of those are going to do better in a period than worse, than better than worse. But you need to treat this whole ad account as a whole thing and just watch the average results. Some of those are going to be your volume in a period, some of those are going to be your good ROAs and the opposite from time to time.

And not removing and being super strict with all of that because if you do that, then you're never going to be able to scale. Also, the last thing that I want to point out here before going into another ad account is that you are not scaling any of these budgets. You're just doing new campaigns on top of that with your new ideas and everything because you don't want to disturb them.

And also, we have very specific ways of how we optimize Advance Plus campaigns, how we optimize CBO campaigns. As soon as you reach the point that you optimize them, then you just leave them and you do another campaign, another campaign, and another campaign. Let's see another ad account.

This is an ad account in the United States, high ticket item. And from January 1st to February 21, we have spent 600k alone, okay? This month alone, I believe that I'm going to spend around 450k, something like that.

So in this ad account over here, we have a little bit of different structure. Here it's one of the fortunate ad accounts that I can do more Advance Plus campaigns, so I'm not using a lot of normal campaigns. But here you can see also that I'm having ads that this one is coming from June 3rd of 2022.

In the maximum, this one over here, you can see that it has... I don't believe that this ad account has spent only that amount. Let me see if it's going to load.

Okay, strange. I would believe that this ad account will spend more. Anyway, so in the last 7 days...

No, not only the last 7 days, let's go on maximum and remove this one. Okay, so over here you can see that this one, which is a very old ad, it has spent actually this enormous amount with very good draws. Then the one above has spent also that.

As you can understand, this is a retargeting campaign. The nature of this company actually requires to do retargeting. I'm not going to go into specifics, but as we said at the start of the video, if you're having a funnel that you're selling something and then you want to retarget also people, then it's very important to have a retargeting campaign.

This is why you see also that the frequency is high also here. This also answers the question about frequency, because a lot of times people are really crazy about frequency, you know? What are you going to say if the frequency is 32 and I'm having 7.5 ROAS while my break-even ROAS over here is on 3?

What are we going to discuss? Should we say, okay, let's close this campaign because it has 32 ROAS? Should we say all these stupid things like you're spamming people and people are going to be angry because they're seeing all of your ads all over again?

No, they're not. Because apparently they keep buying out of this, okay? So I don't get the point of discussing about frequency or even on these cold traffic ads over here, as long as they are giving us the result that we want.

And you can see that here also I'm keeping campaigns from the past. They're doing pretty well. This is a very old campaign.

This is from 2022. It's actually APO with two ad sets inside that I was testing something and it just kept working so I never closed it. This is a retargeting.

This is actually spending... How much is it spending? This is spending 16k per day and I think it will spend a little bit more.

This is something... You see, it's not doing so well on the last period but it's fine, you know? Because still on my average results I'm fine.

I'm where I want to be, especially after scaling because this other account was spending between 200k and 300k and now they want to go to 400k. So for ROAS I guess it's going to be the 4 or 4.5 ROAS is the next thing that we're going to see given the fact that our break even ROAS is on 3k. And of course they are growing.

Now on this one, for example, we have another ADVANCEPLUS. This is an ADVANCEPLUS. ADVANCEPLUS.

ADVANCEPLUS. ADVANCEPLUS. STACKED LOOKALYX and ADVANCEPLUS.

So no, this is not STACKED LOOKALYX. This is retargeting for an extra promotion that we have on that period. That's it guys.

This is how this account is being structured. As you can see again, I'm keeping campaigns from the past. They're dinosaurs now, these campaigns.

Some of these campaigns are actually conversion ads. And now that Facebook actually changed it to sales, I cannot even increase the budgets on them. You see?

So if I go for example on this one, inside this one, you see it has 700, 600k. Okay, it's an IPO. I would like to increase the budget on this one.

If I take it to 1000k, it's going to give me an error. Because it says that this campaign has one event that I cannot use anymore. Basically it's a campaign that's a conversion ad for purchases.

And now they change this to over here when we open that. You can see that now we have sales and conversion. So basically it's come from the past event and I cannot touch it.

But I'm not going to close it. Facebook has to close it. I'm not going to close it because it's working really, really, really well.

That's what I'm saying that if something is working, it's fine. Just leave it there. It's going to keep producing results for you.

You can see the structure that we have here and how I do more campaigns. Again, on top of that, we can see the same thing happening here on this ad account. This ad account, for example, it has again July 22, December 22, 23 of January, February 23.

So you can see that again I'm keeping old campaigns and I'm working with new ones. This is a smaller spend ad account. Actually, yesterday it spent 4.6.

Okay. Let's go, for example, in another ad account that I recently started. So this ad account over here just so that you can see how I improved it.

It was running on the previous period and this person was actually doing... I'm going to do a different video about it. But he was doing different ABO campaigns with different budgets to it.

Okay. So 20, 20, 20. While the average cost per purchase that he's getting, it wasn't on the $20 side.

Okay. So I said, okay, let's group everything to 150 campaigns. Let's do inside our crazy methods and all of that with different ads.

I didn't even do Advanced Plus. I should do Advanced Plus here also to test it. But this was my first initial response.

So I did it and it worked. So I'm keeping it. And as you can see here, I have improved a lot of the results comparing to the last month, for example.

These are the campaigns that I only kept from him. And you can see how he... You see it was spending $154,0, $72,0, $102, $111.

All of these extra spent without any reason. I'm not saying that the ad account is bad. I'm saying that he was misusing it.

Okay. And he was just basing all of that. So this month it's already doing better with 8 ROAs, which is far away from the break-even.

I'm not debating that. But what I'm trying to say is that by just doing a campaign without scattering the budget on ABOs with 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, I just see BOs inside with 150 and several adsets and optimizing them, it actually did much better. So if you have some budget, don't actually go and scatter it between the different adsets.

And last thing, which I want to say for the people that they have small ad accounts, if you have only $100, just try an Advanced Plus. If it doesn't work, then go to CPO. There's no point for you with such a small budget to do something else.

If your pixel is not trained, maybe you should try to explore and see if you can do a CPO with different interests and all of that. But for sure you should try with Advanced Plus. If you have a much smaller budget, I think that the best bet that I have seen to very small ad accounts, sadly, I'm not managing any really small ad accounts right now, but from what I hear to consulting calls and everything, I think that the biggest bet that you have is a $50 or something small, I don't know.

And Advanced Plus with Catalog. It's a far more effective thing for small budgets that I have seen. That's all that I have about account structure and how you should scale.

Now, by watching all of my videos and the different strategies and everything, you can go and you can see all the different strategies that I'm using for the different campaigns that I'm telling you that you should do. Don't forget that creatives are also very important and you should do different creatives in order to scale. And yeah, I feel like I'm pleased with what I showed you, the different ad accounts and the structure that I use and more campaigns and more.

And I hope that you're going to do it and it's going to work for you. So, the most important thing that we need to keep from this video is that you should not touch a campaign which is actually working, especially if it's a CPO. Okay, Advanced Plus is a little bit more flexible to increasing budgets.

On the other hand, I'm showing you this channel several ways like duplicating an Advanced Plus, removing the ads that are working and scaling like this. Duplicating an Advanced Plus and do Crazy Method with the creative that's actually working, looking for more hot pockets. Taking one CBO, the interest that has worked and use it with Crazy Method.

Use Crazy Method stack lookalikes. Use Crazy Method broad targeting with the demographics that you have seen that your ads are having sales with. All of these are tools for you to do more campaigns and you be able to scale more without just trying to scale one campaign and touching it all the time and actually messing with it.

You need to understand that after one campaign is working, you just leave it alone and you just scale with more campaigns. I hope also my case studies and my examples that I gave you are going to convince you, you're going to try it. And if not, it's totally fine.

You know, whatever is going to work for your ad account, I'm just sharing my opinion over here. Don't forget that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course and my website. And until again, guys, be creative and be consistent.