Hello Facebook people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to analyze how the ad accounts are looking when they are ready to scale during the Black Friday period. It's going to be a video that is mostly going to be on my PC showing you some different ad accounts and how I feel like if they are ready or not, but some theory before that. So the whole year you have been preparing for Black Friday, you have been doing campaigns, you have been doing evergreen campaigns, I have my video about Black Friday that you should watch and how you should treat it and everything.

The most important thing though is this, that you need to understand that your evergreen campaigns are your great assets, that you're building the whole year and the more data they have the better it is and that you can also test all the creatives that you're going to use during the Black Friday. For example, in all of the year you have been doing evergreen ads and you have been having some successes with some creatives. You can take all of these creatives and you can make them Black Friday ads by adding a banner or adding an initial video at the start or adding a message.

Something that's going to indicate that it's a BFCM ad that it's actually for the promo. Now we will go into my PC, I'm going to show you some ad accounts and how they're showing that they're ready to scale during Black Friday and I'm going to show you some other accounts that are even better positioned because they have more campaigns, evergreen campaigns which are healthy and they also have cost caps on them and I will see you there. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So let me take you through some other accounts that they are actually ready to pop and let me tell you why. So here we are having another account that from the 1st of July since the 5th of November that we are running now it's having 100k spent 5.58 but I want you to see the interval months so if we go over here on August we're going to see that it has 7.63.

August was a very good month, the ROAS that we see there it's not the real ROAS. Let's go on September which was a little bit more stressful month so we have 26 over there. We are doing 30k 5.47 okay and on October of course we have a little bit less results because of elections 4.49 with 36k.

Still the break-even ROAS of this account is on 2. We are not scaling because of stock and because of fear of the owner but we are going to overcome this but for sure this is another account which is ready to pop. It can go and it can spend a lot during Black Friday.

What have we done on our part? All of these campaigns that were needed so that we can have evergreen campaigns ready and we are now on the process of making all of the Black Friday campaigns so that they can start be scaled but these campaigns are going to be and they are going to exit the Black Friday period even stronger. Let's go to another account.

This one a little bit more advanced. We have 1.85 ROAS. We don't like to operate with that.

We like to have 2 ROAS plus on June. We are trying to maintain a high spend over here okay. 3.1 million.

Let's go on July. On July we have again close to 1.8 3.2 million. Why?

Because we are trying to hold our position. On bigger ad accounts it's very important to maintain your position. Why?

Because you are going to make all of this money on Black Friday and a lot of times people don't believe me but you are going to believe me now. Because if we go here on August we are going to see that we are still spending... Sorry but it's a bigger account.

It's taking some time. My video editor is going to cut all of this. 1.833 million.

We are still maintaining our position. Again we would love to be on 2 ROAS as we have been on 2 ROAS in previous months for example if we go... Let's go on April for example.

How much did we have? On April for example we were spending even more we were having close to 1.87 okay. So if we go now to September we're going to see what we are doing if we are maintaining the position.

2.8 with 2 ROAS okay. So we're getting 2 ROAS. We're seeing where we can get 2 ROAS actually and then here we started the Black Friday as an early access thing.

So we do have 4 ROAS with 3.3 million. Even if in this account with 1.8 ROAS we're not losing money okay. Even if we were losing money.

Not a lot but let's say we were breaking even. Does it worth it so that we can go in a crazy month like this month right now that so far we have been spending almost half a million with 4 ROAS. So imagine having 2 months or 3 months with 4 ROAS with this kind of spend.

Of course you're going to be compensated also for the other months. Why? Because you maintained your position.

But I get it. For some of you it's difficult to understand it if you don't leave it and stuff because even if you see a video of mine then it's not a knowledge yet that you have conquered okay. Even if I tell you about working with multiple campaigns if you're going to work with one and you're going to fail and then you're going to do the multiple ones then you're going to believe actually and then it's going to be a conquered knowledge for you.

And here it's bigger spends but for sure it's what I was telling to you that for these periods that they are going to be tough and all of that you need to maintain your position and your spend because you're going to be compensated on the period of Black Friday. Let's go to others. Okay let's go to this one.

Let's see on July 5.5 300k spent okay on August we are having 4.9 300k spent okay. I think on September we're dropping a little bit because of stocks yeah 4.64 287 again. Break of and ROAS here it's 3.5 but it doesn't matter because even with 3.5 I was going to spend this amount of money because I want to maintain my position.

I want to do half a million spent over here with Black Friday. If we go on October we just see 4.66 with 278 almost 280. My goal was to be on 300.

I couldn't do it so in this month so far let's see what we have 4.77 58k so we haven't started Black Friday ads yet here we're going to start in search 6. In in three days we're going to start our early access Black Friday ads and this account is going to be ready and skyrocketed because of all the work that was being done here with multiple campaigns that are ready now to be to take all of this data but also with all of the Black Friday ads that we're going to do. Let's go to the last one which is for me right now my best positioned ad account for Black Friday.

Another ad account operates with 2 ROAS plus for profits 1.8 is our break even. Again here we're working with many campaigns it's an apparel brand okay so we have many many many campaigns and here if we see the previous months let's see the scaling that was done here so let's go again on June on June let's see what we had two ROAS just with 100k spent let's go on July sorry but these are big accounts are taking some time 158k 2.35 let's go on August 2.94 237k and let's move to September we have 2.55 274k spent let's go on October I think we're positioning ourselves so basically we are scaling scaling scaling building campaigns building campaigns 240k a little bit less United States elections actually affected us here but what I'm trying to say is that I have all of these campaigns I haven't closed campaigns I might have lowered budgets on some because it's advanced plus in the way that I treat them but I also have my bitcaps okay bitcaps which are ready to go I haven't scaled them they are running on 100k all of them are proven and I'm really ready to go immediately and just start increasing like crazy the budgets during Black Friday so here I'm having cost caps that are actually working and they are proven all of these months and I'm also having different campaigns over here as evergreens along with the Black Friday ads that I'm going to do just because you're going to ask on the comments why am I not scaling my cost cap since I'm seeing that they're working because I have noticed that they're cannibalizing my other campaigns so I'm trying to keep a mix between my evergreen campaigns and my cost cap campaigns basically here's another account that cost caps are working really well so what I'm doing is I'm when I'm having an evergreen campaign which is working I'm taking all of these creatives and I'm putting them in a cost cap campaign also with a very small budget and when the time comes like Black Friday or other periods at their promo periods I can just increase like raise the budget which is going to help me if I was going to spend let's say 500k now I'm going to spend 700k because of that because of the aggressive thing that I can do because I don't care I don't care about the health of the cost caps because the next day I can take them to 100 I don't care they're not going to be ruined it's a bitcap campaign and I don't care about the health of the campaigns of the Black Friday because I'm going to scale them like crazy and then close them after Cyber Monday we haven't started yet Black Friday ads here we're starting in almost two weeks they're not running much much earlier than Black Friday it's their branding totally respected that's all I had this is how other accounts that they are ready to pop they're looking how you scale them before and all of that of course this video is going to be usable for you for the next year but even like this I think it's a valuable information for you to see how they do look I will see you for the closing of the video so this is how a super healthy ad account looks if your ad account is a little bit worse and stuff this doesn't mean that you cannot make money during the Black Friday and don't get disappointed of course you're going to have some good results but now that you have seen these other accounts you know how you should structure your accounts and how you should have them ready for the Black Friday period so that you can scale a lot and you can have a bigger threshold for the next year so that you can be considered a bigger spending ad account so follow all the strategies and if you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book my course my website you can also check my mentorship program the inner circle the chosen five and you can see over there all the testimonials below from the people that they have completed them and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent you