Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about one new ABO setting which tends to show that the ABO is going towards CBO. If this thing is going to be established I think that's going to change the way that we're going to do testing because I'm having some very good ideas and things that I want to test with it and let's go straight away into my PC to show you the new setting, show you why I believe that it's going a little bit more towards the CBO and what we know from CBO you will understand it anyway and some ideas that they have about it in the way that we can use that and I will see you there. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

So this is the new setting that we have over here you can see that we have the option of CBO, Campaign Budget Optimization or Advantage Plus Budget as they call it now and Adset Budget which is basically sets different bid strategies or budget schedules for each ad set. But what is the new thing that we have here? Share some of your budget with other ad sets.

We'll share up to 20% of your ad set budget with other ad sets within this campaign when it's likely to improve performance. What? I mean we know that this is happening on CBO campaigns and we can see that CBO is deciding to spend more.

What is an ABO? ABO means that I'm having five ad sets and each one of them is having five dollars, five dollars, five dollars. If it's now in the same campaign it's going to share up to 20% of your ad set budget which means 20% from one, 20% from another, 20% from another.

So in a scenario that we might have 10, 10, 10, 10, we might end up having a spend of 8, 8, 8 and 16. Okay so it's going to take this. Now make this with bigger numbers and you can understand how this valuable can be.

My theory behind this is that they realize that when people are deciding the budget of different ad sets maybe they are taking bad decisions. So how can we help them? Remember the discussions that we have about the budget being daily and that if you're having 100 dollar cost per purchase and you're putting 80 maybe you're not going to get the results that you want on a daily level.

Facebook is coming here to fix that and says that if you have another three, four, five ad sets over there maybe we can take this budget, put it to the good ad set over there because if this person doesn't understand that he has to spend 100 per day maybe the ad sets and the distribution of this 20% is going to give him the results that he wants. This is going to revolutionize by the way the thing that people you might you might see me for example being negative about testing with five dollars, ten dollars for example ad sets in order for you to see what is working what doesn't work. Maybe some of the strategies of the past that you were using five dollars cost per purchase, five dollars budget, ten dollars budget on the different assets on an ABO in order to find a winning ad and they scale it and so on which are really odd strategies maybe they're going to start working again.

Why? Because if you're having several of those and in my opinion the big power to this is going to be on the number of ad sets. So let's say for example that we do a campaign which is having 30 ad sets, ten dollars each in order to test and then from these 30 ad sets maybe it's stealing budget to give to other ad sets so that they can work better and have better results.

For us this is a 300 spend but it's a very it's going to be most likely a very cost efficient way for us to test different ad sets and see if they are going to work or not. Of course we still have the problem if something is working with 10-20 dollars is it going to work with 100. That's why I avoid ABO and small budget testing because a lot of times we scale those to campaigns later and we see that they didn't work.

They were just working with a smaller budget which is useless for us. On the other hand though I think that with this kind of way they might start being again some new strategies which are coming from the past which is going to be several ad sets but many ad sets in my opinion because a 20% is not such a big budget. Several ad sets over there with small budgets with the allocation because there are going to be many ad sets maybe we're going to find winners and it's going to be a more cost efficient way to test instead of the stupid five dollar test which now it's do or die for the different ad sets.

So I think that this is a little bit of a good move from meta for ABO which is not being used a lot for other purposes other than running ASC and all of that and I think that this might be another way of testing. Of course I'm going to test all of this kind of things but for sure still the problem for me stays the same in terms of testing with small budgets that most or some of those they're not going to work anyway with higher budgets so what's the point let's test them immediately on a higher budget with the one variable rule which is what we are actually explaining in other videos on how to test efficiently while you are having sales. I will see you for the closing of the video.

So it looks like it's pretty interesting right so let's see I will do my tests you can do also your test and always let me know don't be lazy don't expect everything from me okay and don't forget guys that if you want to learn more you can check my book my course my website you can check also my mentorship programs and all the people that they have completed it below and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent