Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today I'm coming to you with another account with a new pixel and all the things that I'm doing in order for me to be able to train it in the most cost-efficient way. I know that we have discussed it in other videos and that we are mostly focusing on CPM. What is our goal over here?

To train our pixel in the most cost-efficient way. By the way, if you don't believe that the pixels are getting trained, this is not a video for you, get away from here and don't even watch my videos. Go watch someone else who's telling you that the videos, that the pixels are not getting trained.

Now, we are training our pixels in the most cost-efficient way. We are having the CPMs, we are testing of course different targetings from interests, broad targeting and all of that in order to see, but our creatives are also very important. I'm going to show you in another account, we're going to go into my pc and you're going to see another account which is having problems also on the creatives which are going to try to fix.

I'm trying to explain to them that they have to fix this also, but I'm going to show you how eventually I optimized in a hot pocket and now I'm holding this campaign in order for me to be able to train my pixel better and better and better so that I can be able to have lower CPMs on my initial campaigns when I'm going to test new creatives later. You know, I'm something of a scientist myself. Don't forget that when it comes to CPM, targeting is important but also the creative is very important.

Why? Because you need to understand that the creative is something that is going to dictate who are the people that they're going to relate with our product. For example, the example of the paper.

If I'm having a paper over here which I'm showing that I'm keeping notes, then more people are going to relate, maybe lower CPM. But if I'm trying to sell this by just folding it and making, I don't have the time but be sure that I can make a very beautiful origami crane over here. If I do that, then my CPM is going to be higher because the people that they're actually seeing this ad and they are actually engaging with this ad, they're people that they do origami.

Well, if you know more people that they do origami from people that they keep notes, then maybe you live in Japan and don't know where you live but for sure I can tell you that the people that they do origami, they are less from the people that they would buy some paper for notes or for something else. So as you can understand, our creative is also influencing if we are having higher or lower CPM based on how many people they are actually relating with what we are showing in our creative. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you are going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that they have.

You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. Okay, so let me explain to you what we're seeing here. Of course, it's a new ad account, it's a new pixel and stuff, we don't have a lot of spend but here I want to show you these crazy CPMs like here for example I'm using an advanced plus.

I'm having these results but I'm not having, I'm just going to put it here, I'm not having sales as you can see over here okay. Then I'm having 260, 240, 268, 266, not good results at all okay. And what is happening is that eventually I'm able to optimize to this one which is just running a crazy method CBO with lookalikes of 1% along with interest.

I have tried everything guys, I have tried lookalikes 1%, lookalikes 10%, I have tried... now you can tell me if it's a new pixel how did you do lookalikes? Well based on the data that I have gathered with all of these expensive sales I'm trying 1%.

That's why 1% worked and not 10% because I'm not having enough data. Then I'm running a crazy method with lookalikes and an interest that I have seen that from another campaign was working because I was doing also CBO campaigns with interest and now I have done a mix over here and eventually I managed to optimize to one campaign which started by the way with 100 CPMs and stuff but this one is a hot pocket that's optimizing for this and after a long period of time in the last seven days I'm having profitable results okay. I'm having good results and I'm very happy for that.

Now what have we learned over here? That over here I'm testing, testing, testing different things. Let's go again to last 30 days.

Here I'm testing different creatives, different products, different targeting. Here testing 1% lookalikes only in the CBO. Here it's an advanced plus.

Here it's a 1% lookalike. Here is 10% lookalikes. Here's 10% lookalikes with interests.

Here we're having only interests with 30 plus. Here we have a broad targeting running CBO. So I'm trying to see what is working better.

CBO, advanced shopping campaigns, lookalikes, whatever. I'm trying to see which are the CPMs and what I have noticed is that, by the way if you're noticing the first campaign, the first campaign is the campaign which is running with a promo. So I'm not going to consider it a successful campaign in terms of CPM.

For sure in this account we are having a very big issue and a very big problem with our creatives. These are unacceptable numbers. Very bad numbers.

Even the campaign that I have optimized, it has bad numbers. But this is something that I already said to the client that we have to fix and all that and we're going to work on the creatives. For sure I'm not happy with that but for sure I'm trying also to do the best that I can with what I have.

And the best that I could is just reach it here. So even with bad creatives and all of that you can reach up to a point that you can be profitable. Of course the only thing that it's saving us here is that we are having good AOV in the product which means that at least when we get some sales we're getting good ROAS.

That being said I think that this is the path that you need to take in every new pixel. I'm not taking new pixels most of the time because of this. You see how big of a struggle is.

I like to work with people that they just give me immediately good creatives. They are professionals, you know, they know what they're doing. Not to blame them that they're not professionals, they are trying.

They're just not super experienced about what they're doing. It needs much more effort on my end to actually train them about the way that they need to think. So right now I'm in the process of waiting the creatives and testing again the other creatives.

If the creatives are not going to be fixed, it's going to be an issue for me. That's why a lot of times I avoid to work with new clients that they have zero data unless if it's a product that I really believe in like this one for example. That's the case.

Keep trying if you have a new pixel to train it with the most cost efficient way based on CPM and sales of course, not only CPM. Try everything from interest, lookalikes and stuff and when you find something working then work with the one variable rule which is actually utilizing the same thing again again. So here we have a mix of me seeing that they had some some sales with lookalikes 1% and one interest.

So I grouped them together, I put my best creatives from the previous campaigns and eventually I managed to have something because I did a crazy method and they found the hot pocket. I know it's it's a lot of work and stuff but this is how the new pixels are. They have a lot of work and here you can see that if you try enough eventually something is going to come.

Now my super goal over here is that I need to keep this campaign. It has to stay here, it has to keep producing results. I should not close it.

Whatever I'm going to do, I'm going to do with other creatives, other budget, whatever this campaign is going to stay here producing stable results, training the pixel. I will see you for the closing of the video. So CPM is very important.

Creatives are also super important and you can see that in this other account we had a problem with creatives but this is something that I cannot control so I'm going to talk to you about the things that I can actually control. What am I doing? I'm testing, testing, testing.

Of course I'm letting the client know if we have a problem with the creatives but in terms of targeting I'm trying to do the best that I can in order to lower the CPM. Let's say that we had good creatives then my job is to keep testing on different targetings and different audiences in order for me to be able to find the best CPM. This is what I have done here even in this difficult situation and I'm going to keep training the pixel because the more I train my pixel the better click-through rates, cost per click and CPMs I'm going to have eventually even with my new creatives that I'm going to have and with all the new targeting that I'm going to do.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website, you can check also my mentorship programs and below you can check all the people that they have completed the mentorship programs and until we meet again be creative and be consistent.