Hello Facebook ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to analyze why the new pixel ad accounts are in better position now with all the new changes that Meta has done to the ad accounts. So we used to have advantage shopping campaigns, which means that we were doing only broad targeting and it was the main thing that we were doing, focusing on the creatives. This was a little bit problematic for the new ad accounts and if you remember I have done videos over here saying that you should do normal campaigns with interest and then try to go to lookalikes and then try to go to broad but maybe advantage shopping campaign is not going to work for you.

ASC as we were calling it back then. ASC now is now another thing. The problem was that basically we were targeting broad targeting and the pixel wasn't ready enough to target on broad.

If you were living in a small country it wouldn't be an issue but in bigger countries like United States it was an issue and we were not able to actually train our pixels in the most cost efficient way by using advantage shopping campaigns. Advanced shopping campaigns now have been removed and we have the advantage sales campaigns they have been unified in one thing. In my opinion the new thing which is considered advanced shopping campaigns is not the same they're not working as the previous advantage shopping campaigns but anyway we have some new settings on the further defined area that we're going to be able to control better who we're going to target.

For example in the previous setup with advanced shopping campaigns if you had a makeup company and you wanted to do broad advanced shopping campaign you were not able to target only women for example and you had to target also men which was problematic when you had a new pixel. So let's go into my pc let's see the new settings and why they give us more power to train our pixel in the best possible way and i will see you there. Hi guys i would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my facebook ads course.

It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting and because of that i have created the best facebook ad course in the world. Inside you're going to find super advanced information but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do facebook ads from the beginner level to super advanced level.

It has inside loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, loom videos from cbo, ase optimization, it has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard. Also strategies that are working all of these years things that i have developed things that i know that are working because i have spent millions and millions on the platform. Currently i'm spending between five and ten million every month sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and i have access to many many more so i know what is currently working and all the latest trends and this is what i'm doing inside the course i'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now and if you want you can click the link below you can go and you can check some videos that i have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not.

I will see you there. Okay let's create one campaign so that you can see what i'm talking about. So the new unified style that we have is that when we create that we don't have the option anymore for manual or for advanced shopping campaign.

We have one option over here on the top. Okay let's go over here and just for the sake of that we will go over here immediately to the controls to the audience over here. You can see advanced pluses on and stuff but we have the further limit.

Okay let's switch it up. This is something that most companies that they have new pixels they have to use in order for them to be more specific. Okay but what we didn't have we didn't have these options of targeting with expand button options.

For sure i'm not going to tell you to use this with specific area and expand unless if there is a super specific reason for that. But for sure here you can say for example that my audience is older because i'm selling anti-aging creams. Okay let's say that this is our example.

So people women started using it from here. I'm going to use 3565 and i'm going to expand it also but i'm going to start as a suggestion from here. And over here i'm going to use only women and i'm not going to expand it.

Do you understand how big is this? How big of a difference it makes? Because now you can just go and you can put demographics that make more sense.

Of course this is going to go like this and it will say that you don't use advanced plus. But i cannot use advanced plus yet. I'm having i'm having a new pixel.

It's a baby. It doesn't understand who to target. Okay so over here we're having these options that we can use in a different way.

training our pixel or we can break down our results for example initially and we can understand which hot pockets we're actually targeting right now and we can focus more on them. Of course we can use the expand button in order for us to expand to further audiences. But we can start from something that makes more sense.

It's like the blender method that we have that we're using interesting lookalikes. This is the only way that i was thinking of actually being more specific in some specific ad accounts. But for sure now we have more options okay and you can put these specific aids and center and you can do then more detailed targeting.

For example you can put anti-age. Do we have something like this? Nah.

Let's say skincare which most likely it has. Okay so we have skincare over here and we have this one and now we have skincare which is having 37 to 43 million with women only without expansion. If we expand it over here we can see that this is on and then it goes to the full potential reach and if we come here also we can see that if we don't it's doing that.

Okay so we can come here for the age also we can start from another age let's say for 47 for example whatever that may be without the expansion again it's going to be 18 21 with the expansion it's going to go to the 43 because we're not expanding here here and we can play with the audience sizes like this but also based on results. So if we start running one campaign without initial thought because a lot of times i meet the owners that they say the age that i want to target is 45 65 plus and then we run ads and we see that we have sales also on 40 years old for example. I think that what you should do is you should start from the thing that you think that makes sense and then based on results you are going to be able to be more specific and then expand.

I wouldn't expand men and women okay unless if you are selling for example t-shirts and you see that for example in this specific brand we do have that if we break down the results we're going to see that if we do it by gender you will see that we do have sales over here also female but mostly it's coming from from the male side okay so here you can start from male and expand the button if we had zero sales because it's makeup for example as in our example you can put only female and don't expand for the ages for example if we break down the results on the ages over here because remember our goal over here is to train our pixel in the most cost efficient way we can see 35 44 it's having the most spent 25 34 again over here and then we're having also some decent spend to the 45 54 so i'm guessing it's going 25 to 54 and expanding to the other audiences okay so here is our core audience and then we can expand also with this expand button the new pixels are going to be easier to get trained like this because we're going to be able to put stops and all of that and we're going to be able to train them in the most cost efficient way because now we have more control training new pixels like this i think it's a very good change i think it's going to be positive for the new pixels and i think that eventually when they're ready we can just run broad targeting advantage plus with full expansion and don't care about anything and have the results that we need because we're going to have a trained pixel if you're having a new pixel don't be afraid be more specific over there on the targeting and i think that you're going to be fine throw more energy to your creative since you are solving this problem and you're going to be fine training your pixel remember the ultimate goal of each other account is to go to broad targeting eventually but you have to do it in the most cost efficient way so that you're not going to lose money if you don't have a very big investor which is just telling you spend money until it's going to get trained i will see you for the closing of the video when i heard about the change from advanced shopping campaigns to advanced sales campaigns and the new ui change and all of that the first thing that i thought it was that it's going to be even more difficult for the new pixels uh comparing to the past but i was wrong because basically they thought of that or maybe they did this change because they were having problem with the new pixels i don't know and they have done all of these settings that are helping us a lot to train the pixels in the most cost efficient way i think it's a good thing because it's giving us more control you know that the more control that i have because i know how to use it uh it's better for me and i think that we can have better results like this but for sure meta goes into a period that they would like to automate everything i do believe that they did this only for the new pixels so that's not going to be super discouraging for new people to start uh on the other hand they didn't have another option as i said in my previous example if you had a makeup company you would have to target men and women at the same time now with this new change you are going to be able to target only women which makes sense especially if you have a new pixel if your pixel is strange it's going to target anyway only women but it was a problem for the new pixels and now it was fixed with that way we lost the advanced shopping campaign we have new things meta is always keeping us uh you know in our toes and we're trying to find a new thing that's working and we have always a change and the change in the chains so it's a very challenging world this is why if you want to learn more you can check my book you can check my course and all the things that i have inside that they're going to help you train your pixel if it's new or they're going to help you scale more if your pixel is trained and you're actually scaling super advanced strategies but also beginner strategies theory but also loom videos for execution on real spend that accounts between my other accounts that i'm spending between five and ten million every month 40 accounts plus every month and in all of these accounts i'm actually showing you what is working and what doesn't work so that you know what is relevant or what is not relevant right now we have the reviews below with all the people that they have completed the course and how they loved it and we also have my mentorship programs where you can go and we can do one-on-one sessions i cannot promise you a spot right now because it's q4 and most spots are filled but maybe we can find the solution send me a message and we will see until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent questions