Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Γεια σας Facebook Ads People, είμαι Κωνσταντίνος και εχείς θα διδικήσουμε με κάποιες νέες μου μηχανές μεσέγγες που βλέπω εδώ και εκεί Βασικά Μηχανές μεσέγγες μεσέγγες που θα σου δω Μηχανές μεσέγγες στην πλατφαλή facebook Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE Η πρώτη από την εξέγγες στο ίδιο Πρωταία, δηλαδή, πρέπει να δω να είχομαι ιδιοδιαφέροντα Όλοι μου αδάμουν τη ίδια βάση Αυτή βάση αδάμουν να μην βάλεις Υπότιτλοι AUTHORWAVE and improves campaign performance. A small proportion of ads using custom audiences will be delivered to people beyond and then it has the opt out button. So, what does this mean?

We know that after iOS changes, Facebook wants bigger audiences and we know that we also have the Detailed Targeting Expansion option which is now mandatory for all the accounts. In some accounts I can still see the option to click or unclick it but still I know that in the vast majority most of the audiences that that you are using with Interests or Lookalikes, not with Lookalikes, with Interests. They have the Expand Audience option and also we have the Expand Audience option with the Lookalikes.

This is why Facebook is doing this. They want to have bigger audiences because now Facebook favors bigger audiences. We know that after iOS Changes, we had a smaller audience to target because of all these people that they have opted out.

So now we actually have the need to go to bigger audiences ourselves. And this is why Facebook is doing that. What does this mean, though?

It means that Facebook wants you to use your custom audiences in retargeting or wherever. And Facebook is going to try to expand that. So it's going to take the custom audience and it's going to try to expand to more people based on the demographics of the custom audiences that you're using.

Is this good or bad? Should you opt in or opt out? I have tested it.

In some accounts, I opted in. In some accounts, I opted out. I haven't seen any difference, to be honest with you.

OK, but still, I wanted to analyze this so that you can know if you see the message. A second message that I see a lot is cost per purchase may double. OK, so far, I could see messages just in the pixel area on your ad set level or where you put your conversion event and when you were putting purchases, they told you that you might get zero purchases.

OK, just this stupid message that was all about you being afraid of running conversion ads with purchase events because you will get zero purchases. Now they say that cost per purchase may double. I have seen this in the ad level.

It says your cost per purchase for this ad set may cost at least twice as much as much as ad sets you run in the past. This may be a result of changing market conditions or the following. Changing your budget.

Consider comparing this ad set to some of your previous ad sets with lower CPAs. and then we have previous ad sets with lower CPAs. View content plus ad to cart last 30 days or an ECA checkout 7 days.

So my proposal to that is that you should ignore these messages. These messages from Facebook is all about not letting you run the ads that you want. Basically, it's not like they don't let you to, but you should ignore them because they are trying to make you run the ads the way that they want instead of the way that you want or the proper way.

So keeping running these messages, these scarcity messages that they are all about you running ad to cart conversion or anything else and keep doing whatever you think is working best for your account or by watching people's suggestions like myself. So last but not least message. So when you are logging into your ads manager, a lot of times I'm seeing the cookies for the Facebook browser.

I'm not going to read all of it. I'm going to put a print screen here. Only allow essential cookies or allow essential and optional cookies.

Okay, so I'm not going to tell you what to click. Okay, in my opinion, if you are working as an advertiser or if you have your own brand, then you should put the second one to allow essential and optional, not only essential, because you need the best possible. But here's the transition from Facebook actually that they are trying to put a lot of effort inside the platform.

So until now we had Facebook, which was the intermediate and we were doing ads and people were going to other sites and this is where the cookies were and the pixel was there to gather all the data. Now, after the iOS changes and all this loss of data, Facebook is trying to do conversions and do actions within the Facebook platform. This is why we have the cookies and this is how Facebook is going to roll from now on.

They will try to do a lot of things within the platform instead of losing all of this data to the other sites because of iOS changes. Okay, so that's all I had for you about the new messages that I'm seeing on the Facebook platform. This is a small update about the things that I see and my opinion about them.

This is for all the people that they don't know how to criticize them or how to filter if something is good or bad. There you go. Here's your answer.

Here's my opinion at least. And until we meet again, don't forget that you have to be creative and you have to be consistent in the universe and in the metaverse. Correct!

I'm bonne gonna need you. And that's why I do this as in对峙 Scax. Oh no, you're the perfect answer.

You're the perfect answer. You're the perfect answer. You're perfect at all.

I'm into the office and you're the perfect answer. You're because you're amazing. Boers are amazing.

You're the perfect answer. You're beautiful. You're amazing.

You're beautiful. You're beautiful. You're beautiful.

You're wonderful.