Hi guys, I have a very quick update about Shopify Audiences. Something super interesting over here. So, I have done already a video about it.

This is the follow-up. I told you that I'm going to test some things and then come back. So, here we have 5 ads with $100.

We're testing to see how it would do. We run it for 3 days, spending $288,000. So, if we are using the Audiences, as you can see the potential rate here is $1.1 to $1.3 million.

These are very small Audiences and we know that these Audiences don't work anymore with Facebook. We want broader Audiences. So, I can tell you that using them straight away like Interests, it's not going to work.

I don't know what is going to happen if we pile them up, like using a lot of these lists in just one Adset and then try to increase the Audience Size and then run it with Crazy Method. Maybe it's going to work, but I thought of another idea before we do that. So, I want to look-alike Audiences.

The same principles apply here. We don't want to use 1%, so I'm using 10%, the thing that I told you that it's going to work. And guess what?

They are working. Of course, this is not a new Ad account. This is an Ad account which I consider a good Ad account.

But I must say that having 2.26 compared to 0.09 with the same spend exactly over here, we can understand immediately that look-alikes, at least with Shopify Audiences, looks like they are working. Now, I need to test more, I need to do Crazy Method, I need to stack them up, I need to do more things, but I just wanted to tell you this just to save you some time. If you want to use them, I think you should do it.

Here all the Ad sets have a different look-alike of 10% based on the 5 audiences that I have created from Shopify with my bestsellers. The bestsellers of the company, not mine actually. And that's all I had guys.

I think you should test them. I told you that they look promising because they have an algorithm and all of that, but don't forget that whatever we have, we need to test. So, this is what I'm doing, this is what you should do.

Let me know in the comments if you have found something different. I'm sure that I should start testing them with Crazy Method and everything and I will try to keep you posted. I'll see you next time.

I'll see you next time. Bye.