Hello Facebook Ads people, my name is Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss about look-alike audiences. What is working right now and what used to work and it doesn't work anymore. Somewhere deep down in my heart...

I still love you! I will try to make this video short, so follow me. After the iOS changes we knew that look-alikes didn't work, nothing didn't work from June to...

Actually, let's take down, let's take out the timeline, okay? So, from June to August, none look-alike was actually working, okay? After that, a lot of marketeers, including myself and we have done videos about that, we thought that, hey, we have a smaller audience that we can target now, let's go broader with our audiences.

So, we tried 5% and 10% instead of 1%, which still remains in theory the best look-alike, but we could see that 5% and 10% and 3% in some cases was working better. So, this is what we were doing. We were not using 1% anymore, but we were using 5% and 10%.

So, from September to December, this worked flawlessly. It was working very well, we were having very good results, even on my blender method, after using 5% and 10% instead of 1%, it was working very well. If you don't know what's my blender method, check the link below in the description.

Now, after that point, on 2022, and this is why I'm making this video, there is a huge update. 5% and 10% stopped working. So, we could see that we were doing look-alikes again and again, but they did not work like they used to work in 2021.

So, I started testing, testing, testing, testing, and at some point, I found one thing that actually is working for me right now. I haven't found anything on January and February. Keep in your mind that whenever I'm talking about something that is not working, I'm talking about the majority of the accounts.

Of course, there were accounts that look-alikes were working, okay, but I'm talking about the majority, the average. I started testing and I found one thing that actually worked. I was thinking that, hey, maybe we should go even broader, okay, because after the change of and the removal of the interests, we know that we have less interests.

So, the whole game is being, the whole game is going through a transition of targeting broader audiences. So, in my opinion, I said, okay, maybe 10 million that we are having with the 10% look-alike, or 20 million that we are having with the 10% look-alike for United States, maybe it's not enough. What if we stack them?

So, I'm going to give you a print screen over here with an example that I stacked a lot of them together. Purchase 180 days, 10% look-alike. And I know that most probably I've mentioned it in another video also, but this video is only about look-alikes.

And 25% video view, let's say, not 25%, 75% or 95% people who engage with Instagram and social media, initiate checkout 180 days, you know, all of these audiences like I show you here on this print screen, stacked. And then I used my crazy method. If you don't know what is the crazy method, go and check my video.

Link is going to be on the description. And I can see that for the last three weeks, on several accounts, this strategy is actually working for me. I don't know why, it doesn't matter.

Just go and test it, you know. Maybe it's going to work for you also. Look-alikes now with all of the removal of the interests and everything, they are extremely valuable because it's also another way for us to do our targeting, especially for brands that have been heavily impacted by the removal of several interests.

So, it's not something that I'm willing to just abandon. I will keep trying to make them work. Try this strategy.

Try broad targeting also with my crazy method. These are the things that I'm proposing you right now, that I can see that they're working very well across the accounts. If you have all of your interests being removed and you cannot use them anymore.

Don't forget that if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, you can check my free course, my book or my complete course. Links are going to be on the description. Until we meet again, be creative and be consistent.