Hello Facebook Guys People, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to do an urgent video, a very small video about something that I have seen in the ad account settings and I want you to also check it into your ad accounts because maybe it's going to influence your results, maybe not. I just need to clarify that I haven't found this on my own, someone told me that, one of my friends and I have debated a lot with him if it's going to influence or not. I'm going to post it so that we can see also your opinion about it.

Let's go straight away to my PC to show you what I mean. So without any further ado, I want you to look at this. You can go here from your menu and you can click on add account settings, either it's going to appear here or it's going to be here under advertise.

Okay and when you're going to go there, you're going to either see this which is going to say account control but in some other accounts guys, my friend actually noticed that we have a difference here from the right side. Of course you cannot see the accounts because I'm going to blur them but let me take you to some. You're going to be able for example to see that we're going to have a new option over here which is this one, the industry.

It says, your industry helps us understand your ad account and ensure you have access to the right features, guidance and support. It doesn't say anything yet about specific audience and all of that. So over here, in this account for example, if we update the industry here, we can have that we have option one and two and in this one it was consumer packaged goods while this is e-commerce.

Okay and let me tell you that as I understood they are taking this information from the Facebook page. So we have to be careful of what has there. My friend also told me that this thing, he did the change one month ago and then it changed again to something else and so on and he believes that he actually got influenced and some of the the campaigns did wrong.

I have no idea if this is true or not. We can discuss it also with the community over here to see if this is right. But here it says, select the industry that best describes your business.

You can select up to two industries to help define your business accurately. Changes you make here won't affect active campaigns. This is a little bit disturbing because it says it won't affect active campaigns.

Is it going to affect my other campaigns? So I'm trying to understand that. Now in the discussion that I had with him, I was discussing that the pixel is actually what and the API is actually what is targeting the ideal customers and the pixel is in the website level.

So it cannot be influenced by something like this in order to define who is going to target or not. On the other hand, we are running ads from a page which is having this information where this setting over here is taking the information. When you create a Facebook page, we all know that's going to ask us in which industry we are in.

Either we, all of us or the people who don't know that we are idiots and we didn't know that this influenced the quality of our ads or it doesn't. The pixel has nothing to do with that because it doesn't have any connection with the Facebook page. It's the targeting that we do and the hot pocket is being created on the ad and then it's on the side which is actually tracking what is happening.

So it has nothing to do with the page. But the ad account which is not actually doing the targeting of the ideal avatar client but is doing the targeting in terms of customer quality. How do we know that?

We know it because the Facebook page and the ad account they are actually linked in a way of considering you a good advertiser or not. So if we take down that path and we say that in the ad account level we can have some targeting which is only influencing if these people are good clients or not and if they are going to convert or not. Why do we have bad results when we are actually having a declined payment?

Because Facebook is actually giving us lesser quality traffic which is happening because it considers us a bad advertiser and not trustworthy advertiser. So we know that in the ad account level we can take good quality or bad quality traffic which is going to convert or not and we know from the Facebook page score that we can actually get good quality or bad quality if we have good page score or bad page score. These are things that Facebook says and they have no problem admitting.

So maybe maybe this setting is going to influence the kind of people you are going to get in terms of quality but not in terms of ideal avatar clients. Okay now I don't know I think that you should put e-commerce in any way if you're doing e-commerce and if you're doing any service I like to put over here the professional services and in the second option I like to put retail or leave it like this. Okay it's going to appear here on the top.

You should go and you should check it because in one ad account for example which is e-commerce it was publishing for example okay some stupid options. It's taking data from the page as I told you and all the other things that I told you in the way that I see it and I think that it might be influencing results or not so go and check that it's e-commerce. On the other hand if we talk about quality it's fine I guess we're going to get people of good quality inside the e-commerce but in order for us to test it efficiently everybody needs to know about that and actually have e-commerce or other things so that we can see the difference between the people that they don't actually going to have this option enabled to e-commerce or to whatever they are.

Let me know if you had any bad settings over here let me know if you did the change and if you see any differences in the next days and let me know your opinion in technical level if you think that it's going to influence or not. In any way I had to inform you so that you can do whatever you want about it. I will see you for the closing of the video.

So that's all I had for you. I'm looking forward to your comments and what you believe and until we meet again don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website, my other videos. Until we meet again as I said earlier be creative and be consistent.