Hello Facebook Watch People, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to talk about value rules. Are you going to use them or not? First of all, sorry for the clickbait.

No, you cannot target rich people. My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined. You used to be able to target them back in the past but you cannot target them anymore.

Let's go now and let's learn what are the value rules because they're a very good setting and how you can use them. One thing that amazes me is that Meta is trying to take more and more things away from us in terms of control and then I'm seeing the new changes on the new advantage sales campaigns that we have again the checkboxes if we want to expand or not the audience and we have also the value rules which is giving us more control in how we're going to bid and I'm feeling like I'm more empowered while Meta is trying to automate everything. I'm more empowered and I have more control into the bidding or the targeting that I'm going to do.

Let's go into my PC, let me show you the value rules which is a new setting, fairly new setting and let's see if I'm going to use it or if you're going to use it. It's up to you. I have done my tests.

Sometimes it's working, sometimes it's not. It's not something super concrete but for sure it's another tool in our hands and we need to know it and if we're desperate or if we're doing really well we have to test it and see if it's working for us also. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook Ads course.

It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting and because of that I have created the best Facebook Ad course in the world. Inside you're going to find super advanced information but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook Ads from the beginner level to super advanced level.

It has inside Loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, Loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization. It has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard. Also strategies that are working all of these years, things that I have developed, things that I know that are working because I have spent millions and millions on the platform.

Currently, I'm spending between five and ten million every month. Sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and I have access to many many more. So I know what is currently working and all the latest trends and this is what I'm doing inside the course.

I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now. And if you want you can click the link below, you can go and you can check some videos that I have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not. I will see you there.

So first of all, let me clarify that the value rules is something that you cannot find in all ad accounts. I don't know if they're going to release it or not later to all ad accounts if it's in beta, but for sure it's a very good tool. Especially I wish I had it in more ad accounts that they were problematic so that I can test things.

Let me show you the the way of thinking and the process because you have two options over here. Either you're going to do it with the normal campaign style and you're going to expand with the suggestion button or you're going to do it with value rules. I will explain in a little bit it will make sense, believe me.

So if we break down the results, let's first find some things that make sense over here. Okay, so the age. We can see that in all the campaigns over here 35 to 44 is where it's spending the most.

We have 35 44, 35 44. We can see that spending the most over here. Now, is it having the best results on 35 44?

Over here it looks like yes. Over here we're having better results on 45 54 but a little bit better. We don't see any big change on the results for example 35 44 again.

So here on the age we are fine on this account. We're not seeing a big difference for example okay. Like this for example.

If we have seen that 55 64 for example, even if it was spending 500 in each campaign, it was having five ROAS, maybe it would make sense to use the value rules there. Let's take a little bit of gender for example okay. So that we can see.

If we come here, let's check over here with demographics. Let's check the gender and let's see where we are having more spent and results. So we can see that over here female is having higher ROAS, female is having higher ROAS, female is having lower ROAS here but male are always spending more as we can see.

Male are spending more, male are spending more, female. So here we have an assumption that maybe if we push a little bit more spent and maybe we will get higher ROAS if we put a little bit more spent on the value rules over here. Okay so this is another thing that we can check.

Another thing that we can see, let me also keep notes on that just a second. Okay let's continue with our breakdown. We can do as far as I have seen, we can do also placements which is a new thing and location.

We're not going to do location over here but we can do placements and over here if we break down the results, let's see the placements for example and see where we're getting better results. We have Facebook feed, most of the spend, we have Instagram feed. We don't see any big difference in terms of ROAS somewhere.

Let's go to the other. Facebook feed, Instagram feed. Okay let's see Facebook feed, Facebook reels for example.

You might be want to test something more in a placement or not. Okay so this is the first step. You are trying to do a breakdown and you're trying to find something that makes sense for you to spend more over there.

Meta doesn't do it on its own so you are going to be able to force them to do so. Okay so on the placements you don't have this option but you're having this option of doing it let's say that you're creating one campaign, the sales campaign over here and we're coming over here. Let's the catalog is not on and let's go immediately to show you.

Let's go for website only. Just give me a second to set everything up. We always do only purchase event and we are going to come here with the new settings that we are having.

We can do further limit and we're going to be able to do options like this. For example if we see that we're having what we have seen before 3544. 35244.

We don't want to limit it but we can start as a suggestion with 3544 because we're breaking down the results and we see that it's working and then we can use a suggestion to go to the full expansion. The same thing can happen with this. We start with men and we use expansion to women.

Sometimes on men we might don't want to expand it but for sure it can work like this. So this is the one way that you can do it but can you change for example just push only one placement? No.

This is where the value rules are coming and the value rules are only here. Again you're not going to be able to see it on all ad accounts. Here you have to create it first.

Let me show you where you can find it. Either you click here create rule or if you go to the advertisement settings you're going to see them here on the top. If we click over here we can see that we can create a rule and it says is your preferred audiences using value rules.

Increase your bid on audiences that are worth more to your business. For example you can bid more for android users or you have found for example that the ages of 55-65 plus they are staying longer into your subscription model and you want to get more new customers that they're in this age. Or you have seen that you want to target more men because they are having higher AOV for example.

Things like that. Of course this is not something that is going to just by miracle make you profitable. I hope it's going to okay.

I'm not against that but for sure it's something that it can enhance a little bit the analysis that you have done. Okay it's better for you to use it based on results that you have that you're seeing from the breakdown and not based on speculations that you have in your mind for example that in New York they know me so they buy more my product for example. Okay here you can press i understand that the cost per result may increase and stuff of course because you are bidding specific the CPM could increase also the cost per result and we are having the different options over here.

We have the age. Also if we have for example from the previous example if we have let's say 3544 working very well we can start over there on the bottom with the expansion. It can expand to all but it can bid or we can have it full completely open and we can say that I'm seeing that for example you are having some very good results on 65 plus when I'm breaking down but you're not spending enough so I'm seeing for example five ROAs on 65 plus but you're spending only 500 while you have spent 4k on the 3544 that's working better.

You can choose the age to my experience over here for example the 65 plus now example to my experience what is working better over here is more than 80 percent so I would do over here 80 percent. If you do 20 percent 30 percent 50 percent all of these are not working really well. Okay you can name it 65 plus age 80 percent something like that okay and you can create it you can have up to 10 rules over here created.

Over here define your preferred audiences using up to two criteria. You can do two of them at the same time. Okay so a lot of times I like to do also the gender so you can do for example that over here you have seen that in the women you're getting better ROAs but it's spending only on men.

Maybe I can do only one campaign for example not these are things that you're not going to abuse across your ad account and use them a lot. You're going to use it here and there. It's like the value rule for example on the that we're trying to have better AOV by just optimizing for not for maximum number of conversions but for value and you can have better AOV like this.

You can do for example just one campaign targeting only on women okay or if your pixel is super trained to men maybe you can do this in order for you to train it for a new line of products that you have for women. It has so many uses if you think of it if you don't abuse it of course that I think that it's going to help a lot of companies and this is why I told you in the beginning that it's crazy that Meta is giving us this freedom over here. So you can do this or you can do only one or two and then you're pressing next and you're going to create it and you're going to be able to see it there okay.

So this one for example it will mean plus women 80% again okay. Of course the percentage it has to be for both of those okay. So you press next you set the rule name and stuff and that's it okay.

By the way it has the rule name also here but doesn't get it later but anyway okay. So you create it over here. I don't want to create it yet because I want to create another video and show how it looks empty.

Another thing which I need to say let's go back for example to our campaigns. Also here what we're going to be able to see is that you can create the rule and you're having some more options. Let's create this option over here.

You have the this is the other way of doing it through the campaign. You have the Asia gender. If you want to do iOS or Android for example you're selling a power bank not a power bank yeah even a power bank for Android okay.

Then you do location. I have seen a lot of times companies saying that we do for example sell in the whole United States but we're very well known in New York for example and you can use it there for specific things and also placements. It's actually very good because the previous video from that it's a video that we have analyzed in very big spends where we're seeing most money being spent and how it's working with younger audiences, moms, older people and stuff which are the placements that are working.

Over here without not using automatic with using automatic placements which we know that you're not getting good results if you don't you can focus on a specific placement and if you're seeing from your breakdowns that you're getting very good draws but not enough spent. This is how you can use that and the placement and the location the location you can do use with the targeting below on the new advantage sales campaigns along with the gender and the age but the mobile operation system and the placement are two things and the look and the placement are two things that you are not going to be able to touch from any other settings so this thing is actually very important. When it started it didn't have the location and the placement these are two new features over here and it had only on the beginning the age the gender and the mobile operating system so more options we can advertise more stuff.

If somebody was going to come right now and tell me that I want to run something only for android devices I would feel a little bit uncomfortable with the settings that we had until now. Now with this one you are having better chances of having something working. So break down your results try to find things that you think that makes sense for you to spend a little bit more don't abuse this use more than 80% for sure and try to find some good campaigns that are going to give you some extra revenue and some extra results without ruining your other campaigns.

It's not something that you should use in all of your campaigns but it's something that you can use once in a while so that you can get some good campaigns going if you're breaking down the results and you see something consistently coming up but not getting spent. That's all I had about this for sure it's a very nice setting I hope it's going to go into monad accounts because I want to test the out of it. Use them do your own tests let me know in the comments if it has worked for you if it had saved your ad account for example if it's the only thing that is working on your account or if it's something else that is working in your account.

Don't forget that if you want to know more about facebook ads and more advanced techniques and more settings that they're going to help you in specific situations or they're going to help you scale you can check my course where everything is inside and you can see below all the reviews from the people that they have completed it. Super advanced but also beginner stuff inside people love it and thank you very much for actually liking it so much and I will try to keep it updated always with new stuff coming like the value rules. If the value rules for example prove and we find a technique which is working with them of course it's going to be added also on the course.

Don't forget that I have also my mentorship programs they're pretty full right now because it's q4. We can discuss your case individually maybe if you want you can check below all the people that you have completed and what they have to say about these programs but until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.