Hello, Felship Catch people, I'm Kostantinos. Have you ever thought why big brands are scaling and you're not? Let's talk about that.

So, I picked a brand to talk about and we're going to see together a case study about True Classic. Why? Because it's a brand that is actually selling t-shirts with different angles, so you're having zero excuses.

If they can sell a black t-shirt or a white t-shirt and with marketing, making, you know, look like it's something super valuable, then you don't have also excuses. Back in the day when I was writing my book, this is what I was trying to explain with the cover. Basically, it's a machine which is called marketing.

You take something which is not so appealing, it doesn't look good and it costs $2. You pass it through the marketing machine and basically you're taking something out which is costing now $10, $20, $30, $40, $50 because it has marketing inside. The previous year alone and this year, a lot of things has changed when it comes to my perception about how we scale ad accounts.

Because yes, we had the crazy method, we had different things, but when I found out about the daily loop theory and how the campaigns cannibalize each other when you're using the same creatives and I understood why you cannot scale because somebody can tell you I want to hire you to scale my ad account, spend $500, $600, $700 and then you go to a point that you cannot scale more and you say why and why are the other brands are doing it and they didn't have answers. I don't need sleep. I need answers.

So now I have the answers and I know that it's because you're not using different angles, you're not scaling with different ways and all of that and by just observing how big brands were doing it and with their case studies, I realized what I was doing wrong and what I couldn't spot. So before that selling with different angles and different creatives products and also the five stages of awareness, then you can sell to different people and you can actually scale brands more along with other things like hiring, expensive influencers and stuff, but this is for much later. So let's go into MyPC.

Let's see how these brands are being able to overcome the daily loop theory and they don't have cannibalization because they're using different angles. The different stages of awareness that we're going to do also a separate video about it and let's go into MyPC. I will see you there.

Hi guys. I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook ads course. It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting.

And because of that, I have created the best Facebook ad course in the world. Inside you're going to find super advanced information, but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook ads from the beginner level to super advanced level.

It has inside Loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, Loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization. It has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions, and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard. Also strategies that are working all of these years, things that I have developed, things that I know that they're working because I have spent millions and millions on the platform.

Currently, I'm spending between five and 10 million every month. Sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and I have access to many, many more. So I know what is currently working and all the latest trends.

And this is what I'm doing inside the course. I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now. And if you want, you can click the link below.

You can go and you can check some videos that I have open free for you so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not. I will see you there. So, True Classic case study, breaking down a 250 million at Creative Masterclass, True Classic Meta acquisition funnel.

200k in revenue during month one, 15 million in revenue during year two, 90 million in revenue during year two, 250 on 2023. If there is one advertiser that you have to study, it's this one for sure. I agree.

I agree. We have the owner and CEO Ryan Bartlett. And we have the five stages of Eugene Svart.

We're going to analyze it on another video. The Unaware, Problem Aware and what is all of that. I have explained it also on a previous podcast.

Let's go a little bit and let's see the different things that they are doing here. True Classic Art Creative Masterclass over here. The interesting part is they are using a lot of videos while it's a little bit unconventional because if you think of it when you're selling t-shirts and stuff, most of the times people are using images.

Why? Because they are not approaching the clothing from the perspective of a necessity, of a common good, like I'm going to wear this because I like the stamp, but they are approaching it from the perspective that this is solving a problem. Okay.

And the approach that they have about it. So they have more video comparing to images and they have one carousel, which is nothing. I don't know even about the carousel.

They are not your typical fashion video where you see people walking on the street. So it's not like lifestyle videos. They are direct response videos targeting men who want to look better and attract more females.

So mastering the unaware. Unaware are people who don't know they have a problem. They are being targeting by focusing on demographic age either or psychographic.

This equivalent of Facebook, in this targeting, you have to meet your prospect at his current situation. So if you have a dog stop crawling and so on. So let's see the first approach that they have for the unaware.

These are people that they don't know that when, because they're fat, when they're wearing a t-shirt, they look bad. Okay. So let's see the video.

So I start from this to this. The typical video, you're not coming outside like this with me. So it's too tight and stuff.

He's insecure as we can see over here. Go buy the true classic. He comes out.

To me, it doesn't make any difference. He looks still s**t, but anyway. Okay.

Two influencers doing this stuff and true classic and all of that. So what are we attacking over here? Women who want to make their boyfriend husband dress better.

Okay. So maybe it can target also women that they can say to their husband that it's not wearing good clothes. Go and do this.

Okay. Or maybe they can attack it from the perspective that if a man watches that, he doesn't want to be, he doesn't want to feel like his girlfriend would ever see him like this. Okay.

Elevate the style of your husband, blah, blah. And we have all of that. Now let's go to target men who want to attract females because this one is also for women also.

It would target also women. Okay. So the hook is that viral organic concept from this to this.

So the product is a good thing, address the problem that is tight and short, which is not the type of style. This guy wasn't fat by the way. So I don't know.

It's a little bit off, but for sure the creatives that we have here are creatives that they have worked. Okay. Current situation, desired situation and pitch.

Okay. This is how salespeople close the deals. They identify the problems in the current situation, understand the desired situation of the buyer and position the product as the bridge to that.

This is what True Classic is doing with this ad as well. We see men who want to attract females. Okay.

Who doesn't? Who doesn't? So we have this.

She can resist me when I wear this. Shirts that are fitted up to top. Relax in the torso.

Fitter than you are. Women next to you that are crazy about it. Hide the belly.

I like your shirt. So this is the wet dream of every man, you know. You sit outside and a woman is hitting you, for example.

Okay. Again, they hit him outside to talk to you. These things are not going to happen.

Spoiler alert. If you buy True Classic, but you can hope. I mean, if they talk to you outside, they don't talk to you because of True Classic.

They talk to you because you are beautiful. Okay. So if you were True Classic, they're still going to keep talking to you.

Don't worry. Your wife, girlfriend, will love it. This is the angle.

Big desirable benefit. Product introduction. Benefits with things like high belly and all of that.

Affordable. Easy returns call to action. Let's go to this one.

We have the same influencer, I believe, here. Men who want to attract females. It's this one, which is actually the same as this one.

But this time the angle is different. It's attack the bad alternative, which means that it's going to now start having these gray images like telemarketing. Remember that at this stage, as we are on the unaware, we are in the most aggressive side.

We have to convince people that there is a problem, that we have the solution and all that. So it's the most aggressive marketing. I wonder if all of these influencers are going to buy stupid t-shirts to wear just to, you know.

Okay. Have that. Okay.

Have that. And then you show the benefit, okay? Different people.

Older, younger, so that you can catch the different categories and stuff. Okay. So attack the bad alternative.

Calling out the problem. Calling it out with a female actor makes men who are conscious of who they are. Dress or crawling.

So because a woman is telling it, it has more value. Because then people think that, okay, this is how they are going to perceive it. Okay.

Problem. Dress or crawling. It hurts if a person from the opposite sex tells you that you are dressed bad.

Listing all the problem with traditional shirts. Imagine this, for example. Imagine that you are in a table, okay?

And there's a man telling you that, hey, I don't like your t-shirt. And imagine a woman that maybe she's a little bit pretty also telling you that I don't like your t-shirt. It has a different, you know, feeling, okay?

Listing all the problems with traditional t-shirts. You look out of shape even if you're jacked, which is another thing. It's attacking you.

If you are all day on the gym and it's not sewn, then why do you go? Hugs and down shoulders. Hide your bad pop.

Fabric and colors. Call to action. Okay.

Let's go to the next one. Who wants to attract females? Your wife, girlfriend, favorite t-shirt.

This was my husband. Honestly, there's nothing sexier than a guy who wears crisp tea and all of that. So it's a woman again that's actually saying that, yeah.

These ads. Don't. I'm a marketeer.

I'm more educated about these things, you know. I'm a marketeer. I'm a marketeer.

I'm a marketeer. That's a good fit. But I'm not a marketeer.

I'm a marketeer. I'm a marketeer. So is the product.

A good looking female always help attract the attention of men. Of course. Both statements.

Always work when trying to retain people's attention. Nothing sexier than a guy who dresses well. T-hugs.

The biceps looks fit. The guy doesn't look fit at all. But I assume the ISP of the True Classic is not a bulky, super muscular guy.

It's a regular man who's paying attention to how they look. Soft material and all of that again. The ad creative strategy here is absolutely phenomenal due to the fact that the True Classic is tapping into one of the eight core human desires, which is sex.

Let's talk about the Life Force 8, which is something that you can also follow if you want to understand the different angles that you can have. Because the angle cannot be just grandparents or parents. It can be also one of these eight.

It can be survival, enjoyment of life, life extension, enjoyment of food and beverages. Number two, number three, freedom from fear, pain and danger. For example, when you have a product which is solving a problem about your joints, for example, because you are older and stuff, this is coming from this pain, danger, sexual companionship, number four, five, comfortable living conditions when you are selling a couch, for example, this is what it is.

To be superior, winning and keeping up with the Joneses, care and protection of loved ones and social approval. Let's go now to the problem aware audience. The problem aware audience is a group of people who know they have a specific problem, but are not aware of what are the different ways to solve it.

So, we know, for example, that I am fat. I know that my clothing is not so good to me, but I don't know how to solve it. Big guys who can't find clothing that fits.

Okay, so this is the problem. So, we have this. Spends more fortune on premium t-shirts.

After a few months, they are not good. Shape is lost. Okay, we have these different ages of people.

Ultra soft wearing this shirts. It has the true classic shirts over here. Cool.

15% which is very cheap. I think that was one of the reasons that it was actually selling. I'm pretty sure that one of the reasons that they were selling it was the price also, but it was the fact that they managed to...

If you see... Do you see what they are doing? They are not just putting one t-shirt and tell you 15.

They are putting one t-shirt and they put all the different colors because I believe that if everybody was buying just one t-shirt, there would be an issue. They have done their whole site to work with people buying multiple t-shirts for multiple colors. And this is why this thing has worked with 15.

It's a solution with a good price. You see how it's showing here the different colors because you need to buy a lot. If you don't buy a lot, then there's a problem.

Also, the orders over here, as you can see, they show the different... How somebody has bought many. Here it's closing with many colors and all of stuff.

It's very important for them for the AOV. They wouldn't be able to have this kind of revenue or profitable ads if they were just selling like this. Okay.

So, as I said, big guys who can find clothing that fits, affordable t-shirts that fit, hook before and after spill screen, introducing the problem, spending money on premium. Shards, of course, which are expensive. Product introduction.

Two years, still good new, looking as new. Offer introduction. Benefit, hugs your chest.

Benefit, feel confident and save money. Product usage. Increase relevance.

Benefit, your wife, we love it. Blah, blah. Men who know their t-shirts don't fit well.

This is another one. Affordable t-shirts that fit. Let's go with Carvitz.

Try this. Problem again. Similar things from the previous one.

It looks like the same. But it has different variations over here. As you can see.

To me, it looks kind of the same. Let's go a little bit further. Looks the same, the same, the same, the same.

Yeah, it looks like it's the same. It just has a different hook over here. Affordable t-shirts that fit.

Okay, this is good. Let's go now to this one because also we have an introduction of images over here. You can see that look good, feel good, smell good, you know.

And it has this very bad image over here of a big stain over here, which means that it's also going to stink. Men who own t-shirts that have sweat stains. The better alternative to traditional t-shirts.

This is a must-have inside every account. Compare your product to the competitions. And list everything that makes you the better option.

Okay. Men who spend money on t-shirts that they don't fit. Let's see this one.

Affordable t-shirts that fit. You see how they are pushing all the time the concept for different colors for the AOV. Again, it's kind of the same thing.

Let's see. I think it's the same. It just has different hooks.

So this is the thing that we were always discussing. I have found something that is working. I'm having different hooks at the start of my video in order to try to be able to sell to more people.

Men who know their t-shirts don't fit well. The better alternative to traditional t-shirts. So we have this one.

This is a really fun guy. This one. Okay.

This is another video. The better alternative to traditional t-shirts. Bellies being hidden.

I'm pretty sure that this guy, do you see, is putting outside all of his belly. But now it looks like it disappeared. But anyway, these are things that are working.

It's not bad. Again, we have the women and stuff hitting on him and so on. Okay.

Let's go now to solution aware. The solution aware audience is a group of people who know they have a problem and are aware of multiple alternatives that can solve it. Okay.

So they know how they can solve it. And they all have problems like expensive.fit, switch, stains and all of that. The solution to an expensive shirt is a cheap shirt.

The solution to a shirt that doesn't fit is a shirt that fits. Okay. So it goes like this.

These people are easier to convince. You don't need to educate them on why solving the problem is important because they are already being convinced about it. They already know it and have started experimenting with other products.

Okay. And this is the solution aware. Okay.

So the product aware is someone who is in this stage of awareness. Your prospect knows your product exists, but it is 100% aware of all its featured benefits and fully convinced that they want to spend money on it. Okay.

So this is somebody who is product aware. At this point, you're not over trying, you know, with videos, angles and stuff because they have already been convinced. Okay.

They are far away inside your funnel. So you can do simple things like men who are aware of True Classic but haven't decided yet to buy. Social proof, which is one of the main things that you are going to do when you're having that.

Attract females. That's how they use it. New True Classic tea.

True Classic tea. Okay. More videos like this.

Perfect. Okay. Smaller video also.

Attract females is the angle. Men who are aware of True Classic but they haven't decided to buy. You can see that we go more to pictures right now because you know about it.

You know about the different angles and all of that. And the problem solution. We have over here now images that are explaining why is it better for other things.

Social proof, hide your belly. Men who are aware of True Classic and stuff. And then we go to the most aware that we go to even more basic creatives.

Maybe here we are going to focus on the different colors. These are the retargeting ads that we are going to buy. And then we go to the most aware that we go to even more basic creatives.

Maybe we are going to focus on the different colors. These are the retargeting ads that we're going to use with a promo. All the black pack as you can see here with this prize.

colors. These are retargeting ads that we're going to use with a promo. All black pack as you can see here with this price.

Do you see the prices that they're pushing? They are saying that the t-shirt is 15, but they are trying to make you buy the 115 in order to have good AOV and be able to operate. So this is the one that it's also on the part that you are the most aware.

The customer knows of the product, knows what it does, and he knows he wants it, he just needs to buy. So this is most of the time just retargeting. We're not going to do cold traffic ads with this one.

And this is the part that, you know, they're converting. Maybe they will convert earlier on this stage, but this stage that the creatives are very, very, very basic. That's all about the True Classic Case Study.

And I will see you guys for the closing of the video. Again, if you cannot find ideas, go to a GPT. Try to find with the help of AI ideas, pain points and all of that.

I put it in the chat with the True Classic because it's selling plain t-shirts with different angles. Okay. Yes, they found a problem and stuff, whatever, but they're doing it and they're doing it really successfully and they have scaled.

So if you're having a product and you cannot scale because you cannot find angles, think of that, that they have scaled and they were just selling plain t-shirts. Don't forget guys, that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, you can check my course where we're explaining all of these things along with the daily loop theory and other ways of scaling with the crazy method with so many other things like the cost caps. We have also theory inside, which is explaining all of these things, even focusing on why creatives and why different angles.

And we have also a lot of testimonials on Trustpilot why everybody loved this course and is considered the best Facebook ads course in the world. Also, I have a link in the description that is going to take you into the free part of the course where you can see some of the videos and see if it's a good fit for you. No pressure.

We have also my mentorship programs where you can go and you can book me to see me daily, my pretty face daily and do sessions with me and you can see below all the people that they have completed it. I'm not promising as we go towards the Q4 that they're going to be in spots open, but it's up to you. Check it if you are having enough spend because this is for high spend individuals.

Think of it and maybe we can pass the Q4 together daily watching your campaigns and scaling if you are missing this experience. Until we meet again guys, be creative, be consistent.