Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to answer a question that I get a lot. When it's the right time for me to do my first lookalike audiences? I need to clarify that for every number that I'm going to give you, it's something that's coming from pure experience, okay?

It's not something that I can prove or something that is given by Facebook. Now, when you are running and I have some different categories in order to explain it to you. When you are running an e-commerce store which is having only one niche and you are selling only one product, I think that the magic number of sales is between 100 and 300 sales.

Why between? Because you might have a niche which is very small niche and you might have a niche which is a very broad niche. A very small niche can be unicorn lovers.

A very broad niche can be the travel niche. So, the bigger the niche and the bigger the people within, the more the people within the niche, you need to have more sales because you need to have more data in order to target them efficiently. Big question is this, should you wait for 100 because just Kostantinos said on a Facebook Ads YouTube video?

No, you should start even earlier. I should start with 40. I should start with 50, 60, 70 and of course, watch my video about lookalike audiences and what kind of lookalikes you should create because this is also important.

Don't go for 1%, go for 5 and 10% as we said. This is a new thing that we should do with lookalike audiences. So, the most important thing here is to understand that you should try it but keep in your mind that from my experience working with several accounts, which is a luxury that I have and you don't, but when you work with several accounts and you talk with people, you kind of know a little bit the numbers that you need to look for in order to start running lookalike audiences.

So, we were talking about lookalike audiences for a niche store. So, you're having a niche store which is having several items but in only one niche, for example, nurses, firefighters or police officers. In that case, you need to have sales between 500 and 1000 or between 1000 and 3000 depending how big your niche is.

So, as you can understand, if 99% of your sales is coming from one product, of course, you can go and you can do a lookalike like we explained in the previous situation which is between 100 and 300 sales because at this point your pixel is going to be an one item product pixel. It's not going to be a niche pixel. In order for you to create lookalike audiences, for example, if you are putting a new product and you want to target it to lookalike audiences for nurses, this is some...

I'm not saying that it's not going to work with the lookalikes for a specific... which are based on a specific item sales, but if you want to have lookalikes that they are more based into the niche and you want to target different items within that niche, what you need to have is this kind of numbers and keep in your mind that all the sales need to be across several items, not just in one item. This is when you are having a trained pixel and trained and a lookalike which is going to work for a whole niche and not just for one product.

So, I hope that it makes sense but now I think that it's going to help you even more understand it if we analyze the example that you're going to have one store with several niches and several items. What is it going to happen in that case? If you are having sales across all of your products and all of your niches then you need 10 000 sales or more but here we are talking about something super powerful, okay?

We're talking about lookalikes that they are going to just find sellers, okay? People that are going to buy anything in any niche and you will be able to sell whatever you want or we are talking about pixels that are going to be able to target broad and find sellers to all of the niches even with different products. To be honest, I have never seen a pixel like this that you just do a lookalike and instead of selling a dog mattress then you are able to sell a fishing rod.

No, I have never seen this kind of pixels or this kind of crazy lookalike audiences because to be honest with you, most of the stores are operating with the fact that you are going to have some best sellers that they are going to consist 80-90% of your sales sales and the next sales are going to be scattered among other products that they might be upsells or downsells or whatever. So in my opinion, the last case scenario, it's something that I have never seen that I don't think that it should it could happen with you unless if you have a store which is operating for 20 years or whatever. So these are the different cases.

Most of you go under the category number one with one product but keep in your mind that even if you are having smaller numbers from the ones that I gave you, I think that you should start doing your testings much, much earlier and sometimes the results are going to come much earlier instead of you waiting to get the 1000 sales that Konstantinos is saying or the 100 sales. That's all I had for the lookalike audiences, the number that you should look. Again, I need to clarify that all of this is coming from pure observation and discussion with other people that they also manage several accounts and I hope that you are well and don't forget that you have to be created.

You have to be created. You have to be consistent.