Hello guys! I really like these short videos because it's a very good opportunity within one or two minutes to discuss about some settings on the Facebook Ads Manager. It's not always needed to do huge videos with the Ads Manager, screen sharing and everything.

So the topic today is when should you start your Facebook Ads? A lot of times people discuss about starting their Facebook Ads and actually I'm seeing it in several accounts that I join and I go to do the ads. I can see that in the future they were starting their ads in the evening.

What is the way of thinking for that kind of setting? People say okay I'm going to start my ads in the best hours of the day. So what everybody thinks I'm working a nine to five job for example.

After five o'clock I go to my house, I try to find parking or whatever if you live in a city in the United States you don't have this problem. In Europe we really know how difficult it is to find parking in the cities that we live but you don't have this problem. Good for you.

And then you say the prime hours that means and we can see this also from the ads okay they have better results, better ROAs within these hours if we consider that they are not reporting everything but even even like this we can see this on the Shopify stores or the analytics that these are the prime hours okay after 6 o'clock 7 o'clock up to 10 o'clock 11 o'clock. So a lot of times people say I will start my ads in the best hours of the day. The point that people are going to be more active on the social media and they are going to easier buy because they are in the comfort of their house and they are not in their jobs.

This is true but it's not correct technically. I will tell you why. When you are setting up a date and a starting hour for your ads first of all you need to understand that Facebook is going to need some time in order to approve your ads.

So if you are starting your ads in the morning and you're just putting to start in the evening maybe you're not going to have enough time for the ads to be published. Maybe from the 10 ads that you're going to have only the two or three are going to be published. So they're going to start spending only those three.

If you have a CBO campaign we all know that this is a very huge problem. The other thing that I want to stress out is that you need to give 24 hours for the review process to go through so that all of them are going to be published and they are going to start at the same time. Another thing that a lot of times people don't know.

If you check your campaigns when they are starting they need at least one or two hours in order to start populating the initial reach, the initial cost engagement, you know. That means that Facebook needs some time in order to bring it in front of the eyes of the users so that they can start producing results. The same happens when you close your ads.

You can see that it's producing some results even after you closed it for a period because you cannot just vanish all of the posts and the ads that you have in the Facebook platform if you close the ad set. We analyzed what people do. Now we need to say what you should do in order to have the best possible results and what is correct in a technical level.

First of all and my suggestion actually is that you need to start your ads at 6 a.m. in the morning. If you're advertising in the United States you need to start at 6 a.m.

Central time or whatever. For Pacific time I set to 4 a.m. because it's later.

Why? 6 a.m. is better.

6 a.m. is better because you're going to spend money through the whole day. Okay?

It's not going to just spend money from 6 o'clock, 7 o'clock up to 12 o'clock in the night. Something that some people don't understand is that the budgets are daily. That means that your budget is going to be resetted at 12 o'clock in the night.

So if you're having a budget of $50, first of all it's not going to spend all the $50 because you started your ads at 5 o'clock so it's going to spend a very small amount of money. And secondly, it's going to push your campaigns or your adsets to spend a lot of money trying to spend in a very small, in a very small, short window of time. Finally, one of the most important things.

Facebook is giving you the best kind of traffic in the first day. We all know that. We all have seen that.

We don't know if it's actually true after the 72 hours delay of results and whatever. But we know that Facebook is giving a very good traffic in the first day. If you're losing this traffic just to 5 hours in one day, you're losing good results that are going to help you optimize.

Why Facebook though is giving you the best traffic? It's simple. They want you to have some initial results so that you can start optimizing your campaign or your adsets in order to get more sales which are going to help you optimize further and further and further.

So it's very good for Facebook to give you good traffic and then of course they're not giving you very bad traffic but they're giving you mediocre traffic. Okay, Facebook is very good at distinguishing who is going to buy and who is not. So they can do this kind of things in the first and second day in order to boost your initial results so that they can help you kickstart and actually have good results because if you have a good campaign and a good asset working and optimizing then that means that you're going to spend more money in the long term.

So it's very bad for you to actually using your best day, the first day, with only five hours time window instead of using more and actually distributing the budget through the hours of the day. And one last thing that I want to point out. Facebook is actually spending different amounts of money through the day.

So when you are having a budget of $50, it's not going just to spend X amount of money every minute, okay, it's going to spend based on the results that it's getting. So if it sees that it's getting better results after five o'clock, it's going to spend more money at that point of the hour. Who knows, maybe some of your audience is available on the morning to buy.

So by just spreading the initial day and the budget to all the hours of the day, except from the very bad ones from 12 to 6 o'clock in the morning, you are having better spread of the budget. You are spending more in the first day without pushing in the last hours of the day before the reset of the budget. And of course, you are helping Facebook to have more hours to send you the best possible traffic that is going to help you optimize your campaign further.

I hope that it makes sense. I hope that you will start using 6am as your option for all of your ads to start your ads in the next day. It's something that we have also covered in our video about relances.

I'm going to put a link in the description. I know that I said that this video is going to be short, but I didn't realize that I had so much to say about the lunch hour of your ads. And something last before we close.

Keep in mind that in all of my ads, I don't put an end date. I just keep them open because I'm managing them daily. I'm not suggesting you to put an end date.

Maybe it's a conspiracy theory, but at least for me, I'm putting an open date and whenever something is not working based on the last 7 days, I'm closing it. I hope to see you in a future video. Sorry again for making this video too long, but I think that I had to cover this topic.

A lot of times I get questions about it. I will see you in a future video.