Hello Facebook Ad People, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm going to show you a live case study of an ad account that was actually holding the position, maybe with not the best draws, but eventually this has paid off during the period of Black Friday. A lot of times we have discussed in this channel that sometimes because of competition, because of doesn't matter, you're going to get worse results. How can you save it through a period which is going to be a promo period and all of that?

Black Friday is an ideal period for that and for sure I was telling you that during this the previous period of Black Friday you should scale and you should try to maintain your position because if you're going to do that, if you're going to maintain your spend, your campaigns, your evergreen, you don't just start closing them like crazy before that, it's not the period to do that. You're my man! You can't do that here!

It's not the period of course because you're not going to have the time to recover all of these evergreen campaigns that you're going to close, but if you maintain them eventually you're going to win because of this patience that you had and you're going to have a good Black Friday and all of that. Nice! I'm going to show you another account that it was holding position while the results were not the ideal and eventually Black Friday came and all of this made sense with the average results that they were actually able to achieve just because from all the Black Friday sales that you're going to get then you're having all of these campaigns that are getting data, data, data and you're able also to save them for the next periods and the next months.

So let's go into my PC, let me show you this case study, let me show you the numbers, let me show you how even on the last five days you were able to save another account if you're expecting from a promo or if you run a promo just in order for you to be able to save it and I will show you on my PC. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have, you can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there. So I'm taking you into this account, I want you to see what was happening in this account.

So from the 1st to the 9th okay we are having 2.27. Acceptable results for this account. From 10 to 16 we have 1.8 and we start seeing a drop over here okay which is getting even worse in these days okay from these days 1.52 as you can see from 17 to 23.

Imagine that we're not dropping the budget, this is just the behavior of the ad account. Now most people over here they would do mistakes and they would just start closing ads, just doing this and that and that. No, we hold our position and then we started Black Friday on the 25th okay.

So from this period over here we went from 1.55 to starting Black Friday and of course having very good results on the first day. But what I'm trying to say is this, that if somebody was going to look here, look it's only one, two, three, four, five, six days left. Someone who is inexperienced over here they would panic because they would see that they're getting 1.86 while the target rows of this ad account is 2 ROAS plus.

So we should not get below 2 ROAS at any cost okay. So over here 1.86 most people will start doing mistakes. But if you are experienced and you know the brand and you have seen what happened the previous year, let's say that I'm coming to this brand this year and I don't know it, I will see the previous year how the ad account behaved and all that.

So you'll understand if it's a brand that has following email marketing and all of that to do all of this effort. So just because we had this over here 3.4 over here as you can see we're having this kind of results with 3.4 what is going to happen is that the whole month is actually going to close with a 2.74. That means that out of experience we maintained all of our campaigns, we didn't close anything, we just kept the budget and we also increased the budget of course during Black Friday.

But not only that, we managed also to save the ROAS and be and having some very good ROAS. Of course we expected that because it's Black Friday. But all I'm trying to say is that when you expect the Black Friday a lot of times there are people that they would make mistakes over here by just throwing campaigns off and all of that.

And of course it's continuing pretty well on these days also. 2.69. So it's consistent.

And the problem is that many people would close campaigns losing the position which was going to make them weaker after the Black Friday period when the promo was going to end and then you would have to continue with some campaigns. That's the thing that I wanted to show you so that you can understand that sometimes the experience and when you know what you're doing it can save you from situation. If you're still not there and you are afraid and you're doing mistakes maybe you have to look at this and you have to understand that sometimes your fear is making you to do things in the ad account that they create a domino effect of having the next bad thing, the next bad thing, the next bad thing.

And this is something that is going to not help you at all having consistent results. Over here we stayed put in our position. We knew that for one week we're going to lose money but we knew because of the Black Friday promo that we're going to win money in the whole month.

If you see it like this as a long term game and you know what you're doing then you're going to be more secure into these stupid weeks that nothing is going to work. Because even if you were going to close the ads, even if you're going to do other ads, the results were going to be the same. It was just a bad period for the ad account which of course has the reasons that it happened but we will never be 100% sure you know.

Maybe a competitor started Black Friday ads much earlier so he had an offer and we didn't have an offer. It could be one million reasons okay. So this is a situation that I'm not saying that you should put yourself into so just try to overspend so that you're going to have bad results and then try to save it with Black Friday.

I declare bankruptcy! I'm just saying that if it comes to that point that you are losing money or you're not getting the results that you want, maybe a promo or if you are before Black Friday it's going to save you at the end of the day if you are patient enough to keep your budgets and your campaigns and now with this ad account we're not going to have a problem for the next month or two months. I'm sure of that.

I hope that you have learned something today. I know that it's not a video that you're going to see at the right timing but if you see it now maybe you're going to remember it for when you're going to have this bad period and you're going to know what you're going to do. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website, you can check of course my mentorship programs below my mentorship programs, you can check all the people that they finish their mentorship programs and actually their reviews and their testimonials and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.

our history of the Students Please people