Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to discuss why reviews are important if you want to pass a very important message about your products. So reviews, when you're having your reviews even into your Facebook page, even if you're having the reviews into your copies, even if you have five star reviews into your product stores, one important thing that I want to mention here and it's actually helping a lot in the sales is this. For example, let's say that someone is concerned about the shipping time.

You go into your reviews and you have one review which is going to... a lot of people are going to disagree because they're going to say that this is a fake review. Obviously, I'm not talking about having zero reviews into your channel putting 50 fake reviews.

Okay, I'm talking about someone who is having 50 reviews and putting one or two reviews that are going to appear first. This is not cheating. Cheating is to put 50 fake reviews.

Cheating is this thing. Okay, now that we clear this out. Go to the reviews and put the things that people would like to see and put them on the top just before the other reviews that you are going to have.

For example, Oh my God, I took my product in only two days and the packaging was perfect. Okay, let's say that someone might be concerned about shipping. You're solving this problem.

For example, you're buying a t-shirt and you say, Oh my God, the quality is very good. The things which are your best selling points, these ones you are going to put them in your reviews. And again, I'm against of you stealing and putting fake reviews only.

Have I done it in the past? Yes, guys, I have done it also. I have done it also in a store that I was starting.

I put it fake reviews so that it's not going to look credible. Okay, let's let's not try to pretend that we are saints. I'm not a saint, but I'm saying that if you are having reviews, this is a very good way for you to pass messages.

If you want to have now some reviews in order to look credible and stuff, I guess that this is also fine with me. I would have done it because at the start, nobody knows you and you need to have some credibility. That's the truth.

Okay, so the most important messages on your reviews, you're putting them on top of any other review that you are having and you're passing the best messages. Do you know why? Because the people go immediately as they scroll to a site, I have seen millions of videos of understanding the behavior.

The first thing that they do is that they go to the footer. On the footer, they're watching if they, if you have a refund policy or whatever, they are not clicking to them. They are just watching if they can contact you if something happens.

They just watch what is your email. If you are having a Gmail, you don't look credible. If you have a company mail, you look more credible.

If you have refund policy, they are not going to click it. Only let's say 0.05% is clicking. Okay, but at the end of the day, they go there and then they go to reviews.

They are not going to read the description of your product. This is why we have landing pages with videos, which is better when the videos explain the product, but they are going to go to the reviews. And guess what?

They're going to read the three, four, five first reviews. So if the two reviews are yours and you're having the best selling points over there, that they are going to look like a review. For example, oh my God, I took my product and stuff.

Don't say very fast shipping, you know, try to put it in the context of some person actually writing it. Okay. I think this is a valid suggestion.

I think that you might try it and I think that you are going to like it. That's all I had. So if you want to learn more about Facebook ads, this was not so much about Facebook ads, but it's helping you having better results on Facebook ads.

So I guess it's relative. Don't forget that you can check my free book. My book is free on Kindle actually.

My free book with Kindle Unlimited and my free course. And until we meet again, guys, be creative and be consistent.