Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to analyze post IDs, not how to find them because this is what I have showed you in other videos, but why sometimes they're not working. So this is going to be a theory video. Let me tell you some things about the post IDs.

First of all, the post IDs, it's easier to find them on Facebook instead of Instagram. I have some videos where I'm showing how you can find the post IDs and stuff, but let me tell you that there is not a very good efficient way to find all of them. So if you're here because you want to find your post IDs and stuff, you have to go and watch the other videos.

This is a video that we're going to analyze why the post IDs are not working sometimes. This is something that most people don't know that when you take a post ID from example from Facebook, then you're losing the, basically the engagement that you have from Instagram. I think this is something that Meta needs to fix and basically we need to be able to add two different post IDs or connect them.

You can connect them, but they are not keeping the engagement to both platforms and maybe have two post IDs that we can use. One for Facebook, one for Instagram, or even a different post ID for all the different placements and all of that, which is going to be even more difficult, but you get my point. The problem over here is that when you're running ads with Facebook and Instagram, you are actually getting engagement in your ad.

This is why I like to have ads that they stay for a very long period because they are building engagement in both platforms. And then you suddenly take the post ID from that and you want to run it with another campaign. It doesn't have the good same old results.

The reason is very simple. It's because you are losing the engagement of one of the platform, but let's analyze it a little bit further. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs.

And I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description, or you can find it in the menu of my website. And over there, you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs, and I will hope to see you there.

So first things first, when you're starting and you are having, for example, some results on one of your ads is doing really well and you want to use it as a post ID, keep in mind that you're going to lose one of the two platforms depending on which post ID you're going to use. The second thing is that you need to break down your results and see where you're getting the traffic from. For example, if you're getting 50% of the traffic and the results, of course, from Instagram and 50% from Facebook, by using the post ID, for example, from Facebook, that means that you're going to neglect for a period the Instagram results.

And let me explain why. Because you're using a post ID, Meta is going to actually send more traffic from Facebook because it's getting more engagement to this post and it's going to neglect the Instagram one. The problem over here is that back in the previous ad that you wanted to expand and scale or whatever with a post ID and or try other kind of targeting, you were getting sales and traffic from both of the platforms.

Right now you're just getting in the initial launch of the ad as a post ID from Facebook or Instagram depending the post ID that you're using. Now, there are other cases that you might be getting, for example, 80% of your traffic from Facebook and then you're going to see less impact because, basically, that's the correct move to do. If you're having not a 50-50% traffic or you're having 70-80%-90% coming from one platform, if you use this post ID, most probably this post ID is going to work again and again and again and you're going to have good results.

In order for you to use in the most efficient way post IDs and stuff, the best thing to do is just have a campaign which is working and when you see something working, just post it as a normal post into your Facebook and into your Instagram. So, if you're wondering why, this is the reason. Because you're losing the engagement in one of the two platforms and if you're dependent in both of them, if your traffic is 50-50, then it's going to affect you.

If not, your post ID is going to work and it's actually a very good way for you to scale. The last thing that I want to say before closing the video is that this is why I do prefer to work... I like post IDs, don't get me wrong, but I do prefer to work with campaigns that I'm going to build and they're going to stay there for a long period of time.

Because they're going to be very strong post IDs both on Facebook and Instagram with engagement and I will not lose one of the two. And this is why I really like to work with campaigns like this, with many campaigns like this that I'm building them for a very long period of time and they're becoming strong post IDs but in both platforms. I think that Meta needs to fix that along with other things that they have to fix but we're not going to talk about them now but for instance trying to be able to find all of these post IDs that it's really difficult for us to locate them.

But anyway, I think that we need to have at least two post IDs that we can add in an ad. One for Facebook and one for Instagram so that we can be able to have engagement on both platforms and then not just having an ad which is starting all over again from one to one of the two platforms losing all of the engagement. Anyway guys, that's all I had for you.

I hope that this is going to help you understand why sometimes your post IDs are not doing so well. You can start thinking like this and you can break down your results, understand it more, how it's working and all of that or decide which post ID you're going to use and which one is the correct one for your case and for your traffic. Don't forget that if you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website and you can check of course my mentorship programs and all of the reviews that are below the mentorship programs with the people that they have completed the program and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.