Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today I'm going to analyze to you why scaling with the 20% rule sometimes can be catastrophic for your ad account. The thing that pisses me off more than anything in Facebook Ads world is when somebody says for example, I'm going to use an example that I had recently, Advanced Plus campaigns are not working in Saudi Arabia. Why?

Why can you say something like this? You know, it's not like they are not working because it's Saudi Arabia. Okay, you can tell me that, for example, you cannot say that videos are not working in India advertisement and only images are working.

You cannot say things like that because there are different businesses with different models and different rules. The same thing applies for the 20%. So the 20% rule is coming from the theory that comes from Meta, not theories.

I mean theory like the way that we say the math theory, okay, not that it's a theory. It's a theory that comes from Meta that says that, hey, when you are on the learning phase and you pass a learning phase, if you want to not go outside of the learning phase, you can scale only 20% of your budget because anything beyond that, it's called a significant edit and it's going to get you out of the learning phase. This thing has been used by a lot of other people that they don't understand and they just want to follow a blueprint or whatever and they made courses and stuff and they say that you scale with 20% every day so that you cannot get out of the learning phase.

This makes sense to the bigger budgets. So if you are spending, for example, $10 and you're scaling with 20%, sorry to say that but you're stupid. Because if you're doing $12, then basically there is no learning phase over there, okay, and the reason that you're using the 20% rule to not get out of the learning phase, you have not even passed the learning phase in order not to scale more than 20%.

So we have to think of what we're doing and today we're going to analyze the 20% rule and how you can scale but also the different cases. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs and I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website and over there you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs and I will hope to see you there.

The two most important things is the budget and the cost per purchase that we are having. Why? Because if we're spending $10, for example, and we're getting a cost per purchase of $10, if you increase it by 20% to 12, then that means that you're going to get a cost per purchase of either $6 with two purchases or you're going to get $12 cost per purchases.

Guess what is going to happen? And to give you another example which is going to be easier for you to understand. If you have a cost per purchase of $100, okay, and then you increase the budget by $120 because you are afraid of the learning phase.

By the way, you haven't passed the learning phase when you have a cost per purchase of $100 and you are spending $100 because you need 50 events to pass the learning phase and you're not going to pass it because simply you are just having seven events in the attribution setting that you're having which is seven days click one day view, I hope, okay. So if you're doing that, you haven't passed the learning phase, so for you to utilize the 20% rule doesn't make any sense. So what are you going to do there?

You're increasing by another 100, so you go to 200, okay. Why? Because you want to have two sales per day.

If you increase by 120, so take to 120, it means that most likely Facebook is going to spend all the money and just give you the same amount of sales because it's not enough to give you two sales. If you're having problems with the cost per purchase that you're having, you can increase like to 150 in order for you to try to get 80 or 75 cost per purchase because the budgets are daily. I don't care if you're spending $5,000 in a course of three months.

I care of how much you spend every day. Every day you're asking from Meta something. I'm asking for a sale.

So if I'm spending 150, I'm asking either for a cost per purchase of 150 or for a cost per purchase of 75 on a daily level. So increasing your budget by 20% when you haven't passed the learning phase makes no sense. Where does it make sense?

It makes sense if you're spending $1,000, $2,000, $3,000, $4,000. If you scaled one ad set to that point and then you care about the amount of money that you're going to spend in order for you not to do very big changes, you can use the 20% rule at that point which makes total sense. Now about the learning phase, I don't believe in learning phase.

I think it's another way for Meta to make people to spend more money so that it can push them, you know, in a way of gamifying the game so that you can feel like it's another level that you have to complete to go to the next stage, for example. It's total BS because I haven't seen ads, you know, doing better when they pass the learning phase comparing to other ads that they are just never passed the learning phase. The other thing which is really important and I need to say is that on the smaller ad accounts that they spend 100 or 200, it's like a crazy ask to want to pass the learning phase.

Recently they have just done a new thing which was giving you less events to pass on the learning phase, like 20 or 30 events in just the attribution setting that you have into your asset level, but then they have removed it. So we're back to the 50 events and the thing is that I don't think that for a smaller account we should even consider learning phase because we cannot pass it. I do believe that Meta is using it as another way to actually push you to spend more money and I do think that whatever we're using or whatever we're learning from Meta, we need to understand it and we need to use it in a way that makes sense.

So if you're increasing your budget in something that's spending $50 by 20%, sorry but you're stupid and you don't understand what you're doing and you're just doing something like a headless chicken without even thinking. Now that we analyze it and just to close the topic, if you are on very big budgets, use the 20% rule. I would use it also just to, for the sake of my mind, you know, to feel secure that I haven't done anything super, you know, risky thing and maybe the learning phase plays an important role on the bigger levels, okay.

On the smaller spends you're not going to pass the learning phase so stop worrying about the 20% because the 20% is tied 100% with the learning phase. If you don't have that, since you are not passing the learning phase and you are on learning limited or whatever, it doesn't matter how much you're going to increase. Then increase not based on 20% but increase based on what makes sense for the cost per purchase that you are getting.

Give enough space to your ads to give you two sales, three sales, four sales per day by just giving them enough budget on a daily level to achieve that instead of trying to push them to either give you something crazy as a cost per purchase or to make Facebook spend more to give you the same results just with a little bit more spend which means that you're losing this extra spend which you could have put into your pocket. So that's all I had for you. If you want to learn more you can check my book, my course, my website, you can check of course my mentorship programs and below you can check all the people that they have completed them and their testimonials and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.