Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Kostantinos and today we're going to analyze why some gurus are teaching that you can scale to 300k in just one month and I am not. So I had this discussion with one of my students on the chosen five. His background is dropshipping and we are trying to change a little bit the mentality of dropshipping.

Hi Matt, if you are watching this video. And Dylan, you also. So what we are discussing here is why some people are teaching, especially dropshippers, that you can scale to 300k in one month.

Most of them also, they just show revenues on Shopify and they don't even show what has happened on the ad account and all of that. Why am I not teaching how to scale on 300k per month? Can I not do it?

I can do it. The point is what is going to happen the next month. And if you can relate with this, let me know in the comments.

So you're scaling one account to from 50k to 200k, 300k and the next month, boom, back to 50k, losing all of the money that you made. And even if you do it for two months, maybe on the third month or fourth month, you are seeing that everything is actually collapsing. What I have done instead is I have uploaded not one, not two, but three case studies.

One in the United Kingdom, two in the United States of scaling step by step, profitably, maintaining the same ROAS. And I didn't just do it with print screens of one year. I did it with a three month video, six month video, 12 month video.

And this is my biggest proof that what I'm telling to you, it's actually there. Not to mention also that there are many people that they come to me after they have up their ad accounts because they're scaling too aggressively. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my new mentorship programs.

And I would love if you go to the website, you're going to find the link in the description or you can find it in the menu of my website. And over there, you're going to be able to see the different mentorship programs that I have. You can find the one that is going to fit better your needs.

And I will hope to see you there. So the big question with all of the strategies of 20% or duplicating a campaign three times and then increasing the budget by double or by the middle of the day, if you don't have results, do this and then increase the budget and all of that. All of these strategies, they're based on the fact that they want to sell to you the fact that you're going to become a millionaire just like this and in just one day.

And most of the times it's coming with dropshipping because it's the most toxic environment from people that they just are lazy. Not all of them. Some, most of them are lazy and they just want to become rich really fast.

And this is what these gurus are doing. They're just exploiting this and they're just teaching you how to do it. And this is why they don't have any other accounts to show you because even if they're doing it for themselves, it doesn't work.

And then what do they do? They show you results from their students that they were lucky enough to do it for a month. And then they show another student, another student, and then this is fueling again discussion.

Why, Konstantinos, you're not teaching that and you're teaching a just more stable approach of doing it step by step with all of the things that we're discussing about the daily loop theory or I'm telling you not to cannibalize with too many crazy method campaigns and all of that. So the answer that I have is this. If you don't care about the next month, let's do it.

You know, if you want to go from 50k to 300k and your product is actually scaling and it's working, let's do it. But don't cry the next month that you went back to 50k or for the fact that you lost money because you scaled too much. And then when you're losing money on 50k per day, it's completely different from losing money on 300k per day because it gets more over there.

You're losing more money. So most of the times people just make some money and maybe they're losing them later because they scale too much. If you're on dropshipping, maybe you don't have the option and maybe you have to go really fast because other people in competition is going to catch up.

But if you have a normal brand, then you can go in a much more stable way like the case studies that I show you. All the case studies that you are seeing with scaling in one month to this and that, they don't show you the next month and the other month and the other month. So what happened after that?

Well, after that, all of these other accounts collapsed. I can tell you that. And this is what I was always telling to my students.

Do you want to do it with me? Let's do it. Let's do cost caps, crazy methods, crazy scalings with 20%.

Eventually it's going to collapse in our hands, but at least we're going to make money. If we don't care about the next day, do it. Fine.

No. Do I do it? Of course I'm doing it.

I'm doing it in other accounts that they're doing ruffles. I'm scaling like crazy on the next, on the last two or three days that we have the ruffle and we give the price. So over there I'm going to do crazy scalings, like going from 10k to 50k because I don't care about the ads.

I'm going to close the ads. Do I do it on Black Friday? 100% So in the Black Friday period, based on the results that I'm having, I'm not increasing with 20% on the day by day by day.

I'm just increasing with crazy amounts, like going from 1k to 5k. And the Black Friday, on the Black Friday actual day, I'm going from 5k to 20k in just one campaign. I'm doing this all the time, but I don't care about the Black Friday ads.

I don't care on how I'm going to actually then lower the budgets to them so that I'm not going to lose them. I don't care about them and I'm scaling them because the next day after Black Friday, I'm going to close them. So I don't really care about the life time value of them.

I just see it as a very fast way of scaling something, which is a promo or something else, which I'm going to close. So it's completely different to manage ads or ad sets that you're going to close after the promo period or after whatever the circumstance is going to be. And you're scaling super aggressively.

And completely different to see them as evergreen campaigns that you're going to want to keep there as a base so that you can continue scaling, scaling, scaling the ad account to bigger thresholds. So is it correct to scale your ad account from 50k to 300k? It depends.

Do you want to make some money for one month and then stop? Fine, let's do it. Do you want to keep your ad account for a long period working?

Do you have the luxury? Do you have the product? Are you afraid that you're going to be copied and all of that?

If you are not afraid and you want to keep and have the brand, then don't do it. Do it in a more stable way so that you're going to be able to keep it. The goal here is not to spend 300k in one month.

It's to spend 300k eventually in all of the months. Not to spend 300k, then 50k, then 70k, then 150k, then 80k, then 300k, then 100k. This is not a serious way of doing Facebook ads.

Unless if you want to see Facebook ads in a way that you're just making money like a hustler, which it's totally fine. You can see all of my videos and you can approach it like this because you don't care about the next day and you want to deplete your product or try to scale as fast as you can without caring the next day because you will find the next one and the next one and the next one. If you do it like this, perfect.

Do it. I'm with you. If you have a brand that you want to scale, it's not okay to scale in such a hard way unless if you do it during the Black Friday or in another period like the lockdown that we had on the first pandemic and a lot of companies scaled on that period.

So I hope that clears it once and for all and for all the people that are selling these print screens, first of all we need to see how much they were spending on Facebook ads and their profitability because a lot of times people saw Shopify revenues like it is the pure profit. It's not okay if you are running ads. And the other thing is what happened in the next month.

Do you have one year for example of running ads in this account or you just scaled in one month? But if your model is just to do it for one month and then find another product, so be it. Totally fine.

I get it. This is your model. But if you want to go for the long term, it's not acceptable to do this kind of scaling.

So don't fall for whatever people tell you just because one product scaled like this because the next day was catastrophic and maybe they lost even money in some cases that I know. Don't forget guys that if you want to learn more, you can check my book, my course, my website and of course my mentorship programs. And below the mentorship programs you're going to be able to find all of the reviews from the people that they have actually completed the mentorship programs.

And until we meet again, be creative and be inclusive.