Hello Facebook Ads people, I'm Konstantinos and today we're going to analyze in a very short video why Facebook is keep using its own links and it doesn't use our links when we do ads sometimes. So the shops are here and Facebook is using them more and more. Why?

Because they're getting a commission out of it basically when you're buying there and because they want to keep data within the platform. We have seen also how much TikTok is using them. They are doing 60 and 70% discounts and they are looking like they're converting well but now that they have removed these discounts I can tell you that shops are not working as well as they used to be working but they still do work well for TikTok.

The same thing is happening with Facebook they want to have sales within the shop. If you don't know what shops are it's basically a way for Facebook to actually have sales within the Facebook platform with the shops that each e-commerce can create and basically we have the option on the ads manager on the asset level for website and shop. When you do that you need to create of course a shop, you need to have commerce managers and all of that.

If you don't know how to do all of that go find the tutorial. There are several out there. As we said in this channel we want to focus more in more technical things and not in beginner tutorials.

Okay these are things that you can find in several other channels. We want to focus here for information that you cannot find. So that being said a lot of times I have noticed in my ads and I couldn't find out why while I was not using website and shop ads it was sending still traffic to my shop for the client and I couldn't understand why.

So after searching a lot and after two months of not understanding and sometimes some people telling me that hey the ads are going to the shop I don't want them to go to the shop and me not knowing what to do I have found the solution. Basically when you're doing ads and you have your Shopify connected with your with Facebook which is now the new thing with the API and everything you are also connecting your products so that they can be connected with shop. If you go into your product inside Shopify you're going to be able to find that they're connected as a sales channel also to Facebook which means that they go to shop.

Now Facebook in a very clever way in order to keep getting sales in the shops because they're also getting commissioned but they also want to train the algorithm to understand more how to sell to people that they go to shops they are auto-tagging the products. We are going to go to my PC to show you how to find these. They're auto-tagging the products and how do they understand it?

Well they know these products from the store and with the help of AI sometimes they find that this is the product. Sometimes people have the same images also so it's finding it from there and it's going to look something like this. This is the link but if you go below that it's going to have the call to action button and in the call to action button it's going to be the link that you have to actually post it into your ad.

But in this over here that says two or three products I don't know what kind of events we're going to create it's going to get you to the shop to buy directly on the shop and not on the website. So all of this was causing a huge problem for some of my ads when I found that it's auto-tagging them and let's go to my PC to show you how it's working. We have justified why they're doing it.

Some of you don't want it, some of my customers don't want it. So this is the thing that you should look because it's kind of hidden and if you find it and if you had this issue now you're going to know what is it and you're not going to have any problem with your clients or with your ads if you don't want them to go at all on the shops. So I'm in one account that has a shop and I have used it heavily.

I'm trying to make this video easy for editing for my editor. So I uploaded one image, a test image over here okay. A lot of times the problem and let's put again the image here, this small bar is going to appear that's going to say one product, two product, three product and all of that is because it can understand that you're adding this product to this and to this creative for example, let's say for example that here we had four products.

The T, the E, the S and the T. So let's say that these four letters are four different products. If it could be able to recognize them it was going to add four tags and it was going to say four products and this small but we are also having a call to action button that we put and this is the action button that it's going to have on the shop now or whatever that may be.

And the thing is that Facebook is recognizing and it's doing the tags. Now most people don't know that when you go inside here you can do changes okay and here we have the product tags okay. Sometimes it's auto tagging and it's going to put one here, one here, one here and obviously I'm going to hide here the page but you can understand what I'm talking about.

And you have also destination, primary text and stuff. Another thing which is very crucial over here is that these settings over here that you have inside the edit for the stories, for the feeds and everything, they are the ones that are being used. So if you have different copies inside here on the primary text area and you have different copies here, the copies that the ads are going to use are the ones inside.

So you need to check also inside the edit area there which are the copies that are being used. Most of the times what I like to do when I do changes or duplicating campaigns so that I won't do mistakes is that I duplicate a campaign, I remove the creative so that I don't have the edit options there, then I change my copies, everything and stuff, destination URL and everything and then I'm adding my creatives again because when you add the creative the settings that's going to get inside the edit section is going to come from this. Of course we have this advanced plus creatives which we're going to discuss on another video but this is a very fast video for you that you're struggling to understand how Facebook is doing it with autotags and how are the autotags working because you have connected your products with Shopify with the shop on Facebook and Instagram shops.

That's all I had about this. I hope that's going to help some people. It took me two months to find that.

Sometimes it's going to autotag one, two, three products, it doesn't matter but still it's causing this issue despite the fact that you're not using website and shop. Okay this has nothing to do with you using website and shop in this section over here. Okay even if you use website it can actually autotag.

Let's put website here and let's go again here. You can see that you can still tag. Okay so it has nothing to do with the website and shop even if you use simple website it's going to take it.

I hope that's going to help you and I will see you for the closing of the video. So pretty easy fix. I would strongly suggest you from now on because they have also these AI features about adding music, taking the headline and putting it on the top and all of these enhancements or optimizations as they call them.

To just check all of these things because they are adding things on their own and you have to be on top of your game and of course edit over there in order to see what's happening on the different placements because a lot of times they are adding things there. So you have to be really vigilant in the ad level to check each one of the settings because they auto suggest things and they apply them. For example you might not want to have music into your ads.

They do it with these new AI features. So be careful and try to see all of these settings. I hope that you've learned something.

If you want to learn more don't forget to check my book, my course and my website and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.