Hello Facebook Catch People, I'm Kostantinos. Did you know that your creative is your new targeting? As I said in some of my previous podcasts, we are moving towards the era that media buying is going to stop existing, we're going to just focus on the creatives and even further later, it's going to be done only by AI.

You're just going to say I have a coffee shop, okay? And it's going to create everything. It's going to create the creative, it's going to just have the different hooks and it's going to just do the ads on the platform.

Meta said that wants to automate everything by the end of 2026 and I do believe we're not going to have settings, we're just going to give only the creatives. This is something that's happening right now with the PMAX campaigns. I don't remember how they're called, not PMAX, PMAX is for Google with PW, something for TikTok, I don't remember the actual phrase.

I don't do TikTok ads. I don't care about them also. But I know that for the shop ads on TikTok, they announced that basically you're just going to give the creatives.

So creatives, how did we end up going to the point that we can just use creatives and then Facebook, Meta or even TikTok understands who they're going to be targeting in order to convert. Hi guys, I would like to interrupt this video in order to talk to you about my Facebook ads course. It took me six months of video editing everything and three months of video shooting.

And because of that, I have created the best Facebook ad course in the world. Inside you're going to find super advanced information, but information also for beginners. It takes you by the hand in order to teach you how to do Facebook ads from the beginner level to super advanced level.

It has inside Loom videos from cost caps, speed caps, Loom videos from CBO, ASC optimization. It has chosen five sessions, inner circle sessions, and it has a lot of theory with whiteboard. Also strategies that are working all of these years, things that I have developed, things that I know that they're working because I have spent millions and millions on the platform.

Currently, I'm spending between five and 10 million every month. Sometimes it's even more across 30 accounts and I have access to many, many more. So I know what is currently working and all the latest trends.

And this is what I'm doing inside the course. I'm showing you live ad accounts with real spend and what is working right now. And if you want, you can click the link below.

You can go and you can check some videos that I have open, free for you, so that you can check if you like the course or not and decide if you want to buy it or not. I will see you there. It is very simple.

We're comparing pairs with apples. Why? Because back in the day, the previous algorithm before the Andromeda comes, it was an algorithm that it was using data from the one side to the other, giving them together, trying to find more people based on data.

Now it has inside AI, which means that we have extra things like when you're having a hook that says, attention, grandmothers, this is actually targeting over there. So the people that they're engaging inside, this is how they started using it. It was doing it already, but it was doing it with data.

Now it does it with the help of AI. So what does this mean? That your creative is going to trigger people to watch it.

The people that they're going to engage with it, watch it, click it, buy at the end of the day, these are the ones that they're going to be used as data to find similar people as them. So the best your creative is, and the more people that are being convinced by that, the more data it's going to have, the more people it's going to find because of all of this data that it has. So we want good creatives, but we want creatives also that are very clear to who they want to target.

Why do you think that I was talking about the daily loop theory, cannibalization, different angles and all of these kinds of things? Because I do understand that based on the creative, you can target different hot pockets and actually have different results based on the people that you will be able to target. And the only way to do that is to do it not with targeting, but with your creative.

Because if you're targeting, for example, dog owners, and you are just targeting, for example, let's say Labrador owners, okay, and you're having one angle, which is all about selling one collar so that somebody can take a walk with their dog. But then you have an angle, which is all about this collar having a GPS tracking and inside there, you're going to be able to have an app, maybe that you're going to be able to track your dog in case you're going to lose it. And now check also this, what if you have an ad which is triggering the fear of that.

So it starts and it shows someone that he lost his dog in the park. He lost it. He's completely devastated and he's trying to find it here and there and there.

And he remembers, ah, yesterday I bought a tracking collar. Okay, so I'm watching, hey Larry, where have you been, blah, blah, let's have some fun and stuff. So all of this is triggering emotions.

With this way, you're not going to just target people for a collar, but you're going to try to trigger people to buy it because they don't want to have the feeling of losing their dog. And I can go on and on with more examples and more examples talking about different emotions and feelings that you can trigger with hooks and all of that. But this is not the point of this video.

The point of this video is to understand that you can target different people inside the same niches. For example, by this example that I gave you earlier, you are targeting more the people that they feel insecure of losing their dog. There are other people that they wouldn't care about that, for example, okay.

Nobody wants to lose their dog, but there are some people that they are less, you know, skeptical about it. There are others that they are terrified with the idea, or maybe because they have a breed which tends to run away, for example, and stuff. So you are targeting different people with your creative.

Why is this important? Because when you're doing so, you're doing two or three things. First of all, you're having better CPMs.

If something resonates with more people within the platform, it's going to be a cheaper ad because it means that more people resonate with it, then Meta is being able, because it's getting data, to find more people and more sales and more sales. So the CPM is going to drop. The second thing is that if you're doing a proper job with different angles and all of that, you're going to be able to scale more, because you're not targeting the same people or scaling with the same hot pocket of people.

And the third thing, which is the most important thing of all, if you're not going to be able to do targeting, because you're having an AI system that is just taking the creative, what is your targeting? The thing that you're going to explain in the video. So your targeting is your hooks, your whole body of the video or the image, and of course the call to action, for example.

For example, never miss your best friend. Very powerful example, okay? Most likely this is a whole strategy that someone can use for a dog collar with GPS tracking.

Don't lose your best friend sounds really strong to my ears. Maybe I have to propose it to some people that they have similar products. So August is here.

This month, I'm going to focus a lot on the creative aspect, because first of all, I don't want to do super technical videos and you're going to be on the beach with pina coladas and all of that and have to watch me optimize CBO campaigns. So it's going to be more theory about creatives because we're going towards that. And I want you to understand more about the five stages of awareness.

I want you to understand more case studies. I will break down and analyze different creatives. And I will do all of this, because I do believe that we go into an era that the media buying is not going to exist and we will just have to influence everything through one creative or two or three or four creatives that we're going to add in the campaigns.

But it's going to be our only way to give the messages that we want for the platform and the algorithm to optimize better. This is not going to happen with third party tools. The same platforms, Meta and TikTok have announced that they're going to go for automation and you're just going to give the creative.

Until we go to the point that the AI is also going to pick the creative, then we have to control the creative. So we will have to become better on how we see creatives, the different angles, the different emotion angles, and the different stages of awareness. And this is what I'm going to try to do with more relaxed videos inside August to educate you about that.

Also, don't forget that I'm also doing creatives. I have partnered with a very big agency here in Greece, Humble, and we are actually selling also creatives because I have seen that with them I have improved the results in several other accounts that I'm working with. Don't forget that if you want to learn more about more technical stuff, you can check my book and of course my course where I have everything inside from detailed theory and also going to advanced strategies like the crazy method or different ways of scaling and also optimization of course which is very difficult.

And of course I have inside chapters about all the things that we discuss here with live examples on how creatives influence the CPM, if they are helping you or not, how you can check if they are good or bad into your account. You can also check of course the reviews of the course and I have also a free course where you can see and you can check if you like it so that you can decide to pull the trigger and buy the main course. I also have my mentorship programs where we are discussing about these kind of things and you can have one-on-one sessions with me scaling your accounts daily and below you can see all the testimonials from the people that they have completed completed.

They are still part of this program in most cases and until we meet again guys be creative and be consistent.