Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I'm going to be showcasing over 10 different types of offers you can utilize in your store, Facebook ads, email marketing, etc. Of different things you can do, you know, like to add on bonuses, offers, etc. that you can run to basically sweeten up the deal for your customers.

So with that being said, before we get started, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's get started. So before you can run an offer such as like a discount, you know, maybe 20% off your order, free shipping, free shipping over a certain amount, you have to understand your numbers.

So first off, this is just kind of like a little spreadsheet we're going to go through or this little flow chart that I do with inside my agency with my team. So first things first, you have to understand your product. That's something you should already do.

Do your research, customer avatar, competitors, etc. So you need to really understand your product, competitors, and your avatar. Now the next thing is you need to know your numbers.

What is your AOV? 50 bucks, 60 bucks, etc. What's the AOV over the last 30 days?

And then you know your cogs plus your shipping. So let's say your product costs $5 and it costs $10 to ship it. Your cogs plus shipping is $15.

Your AOV is 45 bucks. You profit $30 per order. Now what is your LTV, your lifetime value of your customer?

So let's say for example, your AOV is 45 bucks and a customer purchases three to four times a year with you. That's over 120 bucks for your LTV on a one year level. If you look at a five year level, that's a 500 or $600 LTV.

So you have to understand your LTV. It's different for everyone. I have a video on this on how to figure out your LTV and also kind of goes with your repeat customer rate.

So then you can understand, okay, Hey, every customer is worth 500 bucks to me that I get on the table. That's my average LTV is 500 bucks. And I, my first order cogs plus shipping is 15 bucks.

So my AOV is $45. So now I understand that, Hey, if 500, if almost $500 is in profit or, you know, how much can I spend to acquire that one customer? So this is when we get into offers, some people can literally afford to break, not even break, even lose money on the front end because they know their LTV so well.

And that's the game. Honestly, the game is just to get your product in as many people's hands and then focus on LTV. So here is different offers you can run for that first time purchase, even flash sales, et cetera.

So next thing is $20 off or any value amounts off. So 50 bucks off, a hundred bucks off, et cetera. So this is when you need to understand your AOV and your LTV, because let's say for example, your AOV is a hundred bucks.

You can do two things. You could offer 10% off that is literally would get you 90 bucks AOV, or you can do $10 off. And now that AOV is still $90 because you're taking 10% of a hundred is $10.

So you can either do $10 off, or you can do 10% off. They're both the same, but in higher purchases. So let's say if you're having AOV of $500, you might say a hundred bucks off, which a hundred bucks off is, is only 20% off, but it sounds like this big, huge number.

So by giving a flat, a flat number off, whereas a percentage off of 500 bucks, 20% off, that still sounds pretty good, but a hundred dollars off your order sounds a lot more. So it's just different offers and different ways you can break apart that value amount off. So $20 off, 50 bucks off, $5 off, $9 off, whatever you want, test that.

And then also test a percentage off five, 10, 15, 20, 30. So next thing is looking at Amazon where like, they do like try Amazon free for 30 days. If you have a product that's on a subscription basis, you know, for me, for HelloFresh, I got a free box before I was able to actually purchase the plan.

And it was a super easy for me to purchase because I was like, I love this. I'll really want to purchase it. Amazon prime was the same thing.

I don't know if they still do it, but I know when years ago, when I got my Amazon prime membership, it was the same, tried Amazon for free for 30 days, got a bunch of free shipping on a bunch of stuff. And I was like, yes, I want Amazon prime. So that's something to look at.

If you offer a subscription service or, you know, this could even be like, let's say for example, um, you know, uh, let's say you're a beauty brand offering little small free samples. They send out, you know, men's cologne, for example, they'll do like a free little, you know, just enough, like one or two sprays. You get to try it.

I love it. And then you get to, you know, we get to keep it. So it's a really good one right there.

Now here's another one is for example, um, you know, your stores, your grocery stores and stuff, they'll literally give you money, um, on a credit card. Like if you sign up for a grocery store credit cards, you're like a hundred dollars in free gas when you sign up for that credit cards. So then what you can do is you can, uh, get that free gas and it's going to keep you coming back to that grocery store for that gas at that particular grocery store.

And you're also gonna go and purchase a bunch of stuff at their grocery store. Every time you go to get that, that gas, cause you get a hundred bucks free, you could probably fill up once or twice. So they're very smart with this.

So if there's, if that's another way you can craft some type of offer around that, you know, this might be, for example, this might be store credits. So, you know, get 50 store credits when you, you know, for every dollar you spend on the store or, um, here's a free shirt and you know, you're gonna like that free shirt and you're gonna come back get more. So, um, so a few different ways you can kind of maneuver that around.

So next one is try one before you buy. Amazon's recently started really digging into this. I've also seen a few websites, clothing brands, where you literally get to receive the package, the clothing, try it on, see if you like it.

If you like it, you get to keep it, then you pay for it or you send it back and then you pay for, um, and then you just, you know, you don't pay for it at all. So that's a really cool one. First is free.

Just pay shipping. So this is like a free plus shipping type offer, or let's say, for example, if I'm selling men's supplements, I'm so confident that the first bottle of supplements they purchase is going to be so much value to them that literally just cover shipping. I'll give it to you for free.

And then what's going to happen is they're going to come back and they keep purchasing more and more and more. So again, this is where you're going to have to understand your AOV and your LTV, um, and your Cox to understand how much you can afford to lose on that first sale to where, you know, you're getting reimbursed back on that LTV. This is a very complex topic right here.

This is not something you need to be focused on. If you're only doing a hundred, 200 bucks a day and sells on your Shopify, you really need to be focusing more on your bigger, bigger picture stuff of getting your ads converting. Now, next one is get X when you spend X.

So this is rewarding people based off what they do on the website, how much they spend. So let's say for example, you get a free shirt on orders over a hundred bucks, or you get free shipping on orders over a certain amount. And I have that again, listed right here, but let's say it's a free product over a certain spin threshold.

So every 50 bucks you spend on the website or every AOV of 50 bucks or more, you get free shirt, et cetera, something like that. It's another product on your store, buy one, get one free. So let's say for example, this little like stress ball right here, purchase one, also get a second one for free.

When I purchase one today, I see this a lot of like when I go to PacSun, I go get some shirts over there. I love their shirts by like, it's always like buy like three, get one free. So buy one and get one free might be a little too aggressive, maybe buy two or three at a time and then get one free.

Um, works really well bundle and save. This is an absolutely amazing one. So let's say for example, um, there's a brand we're working with that has a few different accessories for Apple products.

We could take, since it's all the Apple ecosystem, we can take all their products and put them in one bundle and have it like 30% cheaper to purchase that bundle at once versus trying to purchase all the products, uh, separately. And your AOV might go from like 50 bucks to a hundred, 150 bucks, depending on how many products you stuff in that bundle and how attractive you make that bundle look. Now, next one is free shipping on orders in certain orders.

So we do just really comments like a default one we put on every store. It literally just increases your AOV by 10 to 20% by offering this because people can't stand paying shipping. So offering it as I just offer free shipping, do free shipping on orders X amount.

And it's an acquire higher value customers for your store. So that's a really good one right there. And then free gift when you purchase X.

So this is the same thing as like get X when you spend X. So like this one might be more of a free gift or as get X when you spend X, this could be like get $10 off when you spend a hundred bucks. So just to kind of like recap back on that one.

So, but these are different types of offers you can construct around your brand and you can just test them out, you know, try a few of them. And especially with black Friday around the corner, I made a video just Monday discussing, you need to test your offers now and really understand what offers work really well for your store. Test some of these, figure out what likes, but basically the goal of the end of the day is to literally break even of just giving your product for free for your first customer and then make so much back from the LTV.

That's where you make all your profits. So that's where a lot of these big brands are looking at is how can I get my product to as many customers as possible with literally zero risk to the customer. And that's essentially what you're doing right here.

You're offering them discounts. You're offering them incentives to deep, you know, take down that risk of the monetary value that you're going to, that they're going to perceive. So I really hope y'all enjoyed this video.

Let me know if there's anything else you would like me to see of how I can go into these. I just kind of want to showcase a bunch of them and give you guys some ideas that you can utilize inside of your stores with different types of offers. Well, guys, hope y'all liked this video.

Make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you are an e-com business owner and you are currently doing 25K or more a month in revenue and would love to work with an agency that can help you out with, you know, the strategic side, the ad side and everything without multiple brands, scale of six and seven figures through cross-channel traffic and Shopify. So we'd love to work with you.

Click the link below to book a call with us. Go over the call. We'll talk about a few things.

We'll see if we could work with together or not. And you know, you'll leave with a strategy in place as well, whether you work with us or not. So it's a, be a very valuable call.

Make sure you click that link below. Now, if you're making less than 25K a month, make sure you click the link below for the elegant e-com VIP list. This will be a course I'll be launching.

So I'll literally teach you everything of how we scale brands to six and seven figures and literally are exactly like SOPs in place. So for the people that want to try to do it themselves, that's a great place for you to get started. Well guys, that's about time for today.

Again, my name is Nick Theriot and I really appreciate you being here. I appreciate every little bit of support you show this channel. It helps 10 times.

You do not believe every little like how much it helps me with this channel. So literally really, really appreciate all the support lately you've been giving me. And yeah, thank you all so much for watching.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.