Today, I'll be giving you my top 10 Facebook ad hooks that's a lot of scale brands to seven figures a month, some brands to a couple hundred thousand dollars a month. All of these are hooks that we use when we're writing Facebook ad creatives that we need to use to scale these ads inside of client accounts. So let's get started.

Now, I'm actually pulling this from my ebook, which is the art of creating ads that scale. You can get yours by going to ads that scale book.com. It's 99 pages and literally it'll take you step by step of what you need to do to write Facebook ads that scale does not show you how to run Facebook ads, but specifically what you need to say in the ad creative to create ads that scale.

But I'm going to pull the top 10 pick patterns from it that we use to scale starting off with the first one, which is measure the size of the claim. This specifically works well with like biz op opportunities. Anything that like, you know, there's a measurable result is really big.

So, you know, let's say weight loss, weight loss, you can't say time and size, but you can say size or you can say time. So for example, here's one make an extra $10,000 a month with Facebook ads using this little known technique or secret Facebook ad creative that scale to over $100,000 a month in revenue, how to double the glow of your skin overnight with this one little thing. So measure the size of this claim.

And then sometimes depending on the product, it can be even extra powerful with the measure, the speed of the claim. And this is going into number two right here, measure the speed of the claim, which is how to double your Facebook ads budget overnight, overnight being the speed, how fast someone's going to get a result. You know, you're going to get the top 10 highest converting Facebook ads in the next 60 seconds.

If I was doing like a organic, like little reel, if I want to post that on Instagram, for example, or how to achieve glowing skin overnight, how to, you know, the new X core does a zero to 60 in 3.2 seconds right there. So the speed is where we're really focusing on right there. Now, if none of that's working for you, then you have number three, which is using authority in the claim.

Now authority, I like to look at authority from two perspectives that the traditional perspective is people looking at it from, oh, hey, doctor, lawyer, police officer. But I also like to look at authority from just someone who's already done something that we're trying to achieve. So like, let's say, for example, we're selling products specifically for new moms.

Let's just say, for example, it's sometimes something to do with like nursing, like breastfeeding and something like that. Then we could do something where it's like an authority figure could be a mom who's already nursed a few different kids. Hey, as a mom of three, breastfeeding was always a challenge.

But here's the little known thing I wish I had when, you know, I was had my first kid, for example. So an authority can obviously be like a high level person that are traditional perspective, but it can also just be someone with a lot of experience in something. And I think a lot of people, you know, just hope I can miss that right there and immediately think they need this high level person, like a lawyer, doctor or something like that.

It could also be like, you know, hey, as a married couple of 20 years, here's our secret to staying in a long term healthy marriage. That's an authority right there. Because we're showcasing, hey, we have 20 years of marriage experience, we know.

Versus, hey, as the person that just left, I don't know, some celebrity dating show who quote unquote has authority now, you know, boom. So that's a great example right there. Here's just a hook example for y'all.

I spent $10 million on Facebook ads. Here's the number one way to scale Facebook ads. So easy way right there.

Next one is before and after, before emotion baiting, I was stuck at one extra robust. Now I regularly do three extra robust. Emotion baiting is one of my new strategies that I leverage with Facebook ads and stuff.

It's mostly focusing on the creative aspect, which is what you say, what you do for like different desires, problems and things like that. But just really calling out the fact that, hey, before this thing, I was this and now I'm this right there. You know, again, there is some cases it's a little difficult to use, but I think before and after can also be focusing on the emotional aspect, like if we're going to look up weight loss, maybe instead of focusing on, hey, before I was a hundred pounds or before I was 200 pounds, now I'm a hundred pounds.

Maybe we can also focus for more of an emotional aspect. Before X weight program, I lacked confidence. Every time I went outside, it went in public.

Now I can go out there confidently. I can go out there feeling free. I feel like I have freedom now that I never had before in my life after using this program.

So you can also focus on the physical before and after, but we can also focus on the emotional before and after, which is really powerful right there. Now the next one, compare the claim to its rival. Emotion baiting sales Facebook ads three times faster than traditional selling methods.

We're just basically looking at it here from a proving superiority perspective. So emotional meeting again, just one of my like unique mechanisms in this particular scenario. And what we can look at is what are other things that are on the marketplace and how ours is better.

We had this one particular client who literally had just a better tasting product. And we literally just said like, hey, ours actually tastes like coffee. We have the first coffee alternative that actually tastes like coffee.

Everyone else's coffee alternative tasted like trash compared to ours, but we didn't say theirs tasted like trash. We did not say that because one of the quickest ways to lose trust with your customers, your future customers is talk negatively about other people. You don't want to talk negatively about other people.

You just want to highlight your benefit. So like I said, ours, the first coffee alternative that actually tastes like coffee. We don't talk bad about people.

We don't say others taste like trash. We're just really emphasizing that ours actually tastes like coffee because we've seen a ton of negative reviews about our competitors and our competitors are basically people being like, hey, this product sucks. Tastes like trash.

So that's all we want to focus on right there. That's how we can beat people ethically and then also beat people from a perspective that's not going to, you know, lose trust of like our fan base and stuff like that. Next one is remove limitations from the claim.

So this is actually one right here that I really like because yes, how to win Facebook ads, even if you have no experience, this just removes that limitation of like, hey, you don't really need much experience with Facebook ads. But another one could also be from monetary perspective, how to win with Facebook ads for less than $100 a day or for yes than $100. You can also call it out from a monetary perspective too as well.

Next one is state the claim as a question. Very simple. Who else wants to make more money with Facebook ads?

Yeah, who else wants to scale their Facebook ads in 2025? I know I do. Who else wants to?

Very easy one. Offer information in the claim. This is where you just simply, this will work really well for like your unaware markets and like, you know, some of your problem aware markets right here, which is like you're offering a how to specifically.

Pretty easy. This literally just kind of hinting at the fact that you're going to gain something from it. Next one is stress the newness of the claim.

So this is where kind of give me what I'm talking about, the coffee alternative, the world's first call felterative. We could do the same thing here from a newness perspective, new Facebook ad strategy. Your first Facebook ad strategy that doubles budget overnight, every night.

If I made a video like that, that would crush, but good from an ethics perspective, couldn't do that. Stress the exclusiveness of the claim. So this one really just the only Facebook ad strategy that actually gets results.

You're really just going to hit anyone, the only, and just kind of making it seem like this is an exclusive only thing that goes for it. Now that is 10. That is 10 Facebook ad hooks that will scale in 2025 based off experience, based off tons of case studies and success stories and stuff like that Facebook ads.

But I'm gonna give you all three extra ones as well, just because why not? So the next one is challenge your prospects beliefs. I thought Facebook ads was a scam until I saw this.

So this is where you're really going and you're looking at the objections in your marketplace related to your product. And you're going to see this specifically. If you look at the comments in your ads, you might see some objections.

You might even have people emailing you related to it of like, Hey, like, you know, this is a scam or Hey, like I just, you know, some type of objection towards your product. Right. And all you want to simply do is you want to call that out.

I think a lot of people, like they try to, they tried to like take an objection and they tried to like, just pray to God that, you know, their customer doesn't ask that question or have that objection. For me, I want to address the objection before the customer even brings it to the table. Because then if I address it before it even comes to me, guess what?

Now it just, it won't come. It's already, we already loaded that information in. So, Hey, I thought Facebook ads were going to scam until I saw all this.

And then boom, we can do a little UGC script around that. Now, next one is call out a solution or product they're currently using. So this is where it's like, you're currently using strategy.

Let's just say, for example, you use ABO and I use CBO. So, Hey, if you're, you know, don't spend another dollar on ABO until you watch this. So don't use another ABO campaign with Facebook, if you want to scale until you watch this.

And then from there, I can call up the fact, Hey, you're using ABO. Here's the problem with it. Now here's the right way.

If you want to really scale, which you need a leverage right there. So really powerful hook. I really like this for more sophisticated marketplaces, but specifically more sophisticated marketplaces.

I'm also part of unaware. So like, Hey, like, you know, if you're using ABO and it's working well for you and all that, then cool. You're probably unaware to the fact that it could potentially be actually hurting you more than helping you.

So I could actually call out ABO and also spend another dollar on Facebook ads or on ABO until you watch this. You're like, Whoa, what is this? What about ABO?

And then you watch that video. And then I make you persuade you to watch CBO or do CBO. And then lastly, another very sophisticated hook, meaning they've tried a couple, quite a few other things to get a particular result with failure is to the person who's tried every Facebook ad strategy with no success.

I'm calling out the fact that you tried a lot of things. I'm calling out the fact that you haven't had success. And now all I'm simply doing is introducing something new here.

I'm giving you new hope. You still have that desire to scale. You just quite haven't found the right thing for you.

And I'm simply calling that out and I'm simply giving you that new opportunity, but I'm calling you out specifically from there. So really powerful right there. Very good for sophisticated marketplaces.

And yeah, that's 13 hooks. No, I promise y'all 10 gave y'all three extra over deliver for 2025. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hit the like button. Hit us to travel in for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads.

If you want me to mentor you or walk you through step-by-step with how to apply all this to your business, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching. Have a great day.

Peace out.