Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today we're going to be talking about 10 reasons why you might likely be experiencing bad Facebook ad performance, right? And exactly how to fix it. So that being said, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Guys, let's dive into the video. So reason number one, you are still relying on audience testing. You've probably been running the same ads the last three, four months.

And you're like in this cycle right now where it's just like, Oh, well, let's test this look like, Oh, well, Nick's using broad. Let's test broad. Oh, let's use, I don't know.

I see this other guy using a view content. 1%. Look, audience testing is dead in 2022.

I will be fully honest and transparent with you on this. Okay. Facebook is pushing, you know, people go broader and broader.

And, you know, I want to first off, just give a quick shout out real quick to, um, Charlie disruptor. Uh, that's not his real last name, but he goes on Twitter as CT disruptor. Amazing guy.

When it comes down to the Facebook ad side, he's kind of shed a lot of light to me of where I was kind of going wrong with my Facebook ad strategy a little bit. And the biggest one was audience testing. A lot of people, they're focused on audience testing to overcome their ad problems.

And guess what? Ad problems is the exact problem you're experiencing here. It's not the audiences.

Your audience is not going to fix this. You need a better ad to serve you. So stop relying on audience testing, go create one campaign CBO a hundred bucks a day broad, which broad is simply just your gender location and age that you're targeting.

And guess what? Put a new ad in there, run it until it hits one extra AOV with one X AOV. And it's not profitable.

Turn it off. Guess what? Put a new one in there and just keep doing that until you build up a campaign full of successful ads.

And you can just keep pushing budget on that CBO campaign. There you go. Problem solved.

Good luck. Okay. Now reason number two, your ROAS has been dropping over the past few weeks.

So you're sitting on your ad account right now. I've been noticing that ROAS look 3 X 2.9, 2.75, 2.6, 2.5, 2.4. And you're sitting down and you're like freaking out and you're like, what is going on?

Something's going on. I'm going to go broke. I'm going to spend all my money on ads and things like that.

Look, here's the simple fix. Test more ads. Okay.

Create a C literally exactly what I just said right there. Create a new campaign, use a broad audience and keep testing ads until you find a new winner that you can push. What has happened is likely as your market has seen your creatives and everything, seen your, your copy, your creatives, your messaging, everything like that.

And you need to re-engage them with some new stuff. Okay. Basically been in a situation where that before we scaling, then all of a sudden KPI starts to drop while we're freaking out.

Like what's it do? I'm like, look, Mr. Client, Mr.

Client. And so, you know, look, before you used to do audience testing before you used to freak out, but look, Hey, I'm in here now. All we need is to update the creatives.

We're spending a lot more. We're scaling quick. We need new creatives, create some new creatives, found a winner.

Boom. KPIs shot back, ROAS shot back up, and then it was so ecstatic. Okay.

So if you're us, we're dropping over a few weeks, test new ads. If you're still relying on audience testing, test new ads. Guess what?

Number three of why you need to test more ads. You're not hitting your numbers. Okay.

And this can go kind of close to, to bro ass dropping, but this is just, you're not hitting your numbers. Okay. You have a goal to hit a hundred thousand dollars a month in sales.

You're stuck at $50,000. You're like, what is going on, Nick? I can't figure it out.

Well, if you're following the above, you're going to be okay. Okay. So stop audience testing, test more ads.

Okay. When we've, we've taken a brand literally from $30,000 a month to multiple six figures a month by finding one new ad, one new ad. That's it.

One ad. We did the audience research to figure out the angle, the angle crushed it. We put around that, you know, start scaling it and it survived for a few months at multiple six figures.

Okay. So test new ads, find a new winner. That's going to take you from 50 K to a hundred plus K a month or 600 K a month, whatever that may be.

So test new ads. Okay. You guys, I probably clicked on this video thinking, Oh yeah, just go in your ad account and turn on this button.

And it's going to increase your performance. But no, you guys are, um, you guys are in for a really treat this video. Okay.

So number four, you're still relying on duplication tactics. So your, your performance has been down over the last few weeks and you're sitting there trying to duplicate ad sets to hopefully revive things. Okay.

I tried this before a buddy of mine told me to try, I tried it. It can never get to work because it does not work because simply duplicating the audience to show the same garbage ads that you've been showing your audience that are not buying farm, simply duplicating the ad set for the Facebook to target the same audience. It just doesn't work.

You're just showing them the same ads that they seen already that they're not clicking on anymore. So guess what? Create new ads, create and find new winning ads.

So number four, your bad performance is due to your duplicating. And hopefully when you duplicate something magically will happen and Facebook will magically say, Oh, Hey, this is the fifth time you duplicated that ad set. Let's go ahead and reward them with good performance.

It's like trying to catch a falling knife. It does not work. Okay.

And if it does work, it'll work for two, three days and guess what? Performance shoots back down. And that's, that's the common thing that people tell me.

Oh yeah. I don't know what's wrong with this ad. It works for a few days and it goes down.

So I duplicate it, goes up for a few days and goes back down. And it's like, that's not a real way to run ads. Okay.

That's a way to spend a lot of time in an ad account and a way to just burn out and not build kind of like a legitimate marketing campaign. That's going to carry your business at a six and seven figure a month marks. Now, number five, reason why you have bad performance because you're inside your ad account, like a day trader on, you know, fricking, uh, wall street inside that big room and all computers and papers and people freaking out.

And you're sitting there at your computer all day, raise budget, increase budget, duplicate yada, yada, yada. Yeah. That's happened.

I've been in that spot before I used to sit in this office and I had two clients at a time and I would spend four hours each day on one account and four hours each day on the other account. Okay. Doing what?

Not creating new ads, not creating new copy, just duplicating, finding new audiences and raising and fricking messing with the budget all day. And guess what? I got nowhere.

And then, Oh, the Lord, the savior came down. Um, Ray from right hook digital. That's one of my first mentors right there.

And basically said, Hey Nick, look, you're going to do this. You're going to stop doing all of that, all that unnecessary bullshit. Cause it doesn't help you get performance or anything like that.

And we're going to create some new ads, some new copy and all that. I'm like copy ads. Well, what are we talking about?

New creatives? What? You crazy.

That won't affect performance. We just need new audiences. You're like, Oh, well, you know, that's also why we're doing this for you now.

Guess what? Performance shot through the roof. Amazing performance, able to scale to new heights.

Then I realized, Hey, this day trading shit does not work. Now we set a goal to be an ad account for 30 minutes a week. Yes.

30 minutes a week. I'm on business.facebook.com looking at ad accounts. Okay.

I'll hop in that account, record performance, get out because all of our stuff is so simplified. Now we're in and out quick. And look, we're spending fucking $12,000 a day on one ad account right now.

And guess what? We're in it for 30 minutes a week, 30 minutes a week. I'm inside of that ad account, looking at it, reviewing performance.

I'm getting out, turn off an ad or two here and there. That's it. Very simple.

Okay. So no more day trading. Okay.

Reason number six, you have bad performance is that you are still relying on retargeting to make up for your bad performance. Okay. So we ditched our retargeting campaigns.

Yes, we do not do retargeting anymore. And I literally have a video on my YouTube channel exactly talking about why we got rid of our retargeting campaigns. And I go down the numbers and show y'all all that fun stuff.

So don't even worry about that. I want to focus on what grows and scales a business. If you can't acquire customers, call acquisition, you can't break it and master it for your business.

I say master, you don't need to master it, but you need to be able to be successfully able to pull in new customers every single day to your business, um, through cold acquisition. That's going to take you for, you know, significantly further than relying on retargeting to, you know, pull up a few extra little bit of profits. Okay.

We rely on our email and our SMS to be as like our retargeting and any content we post on our social sites. Um, cause people follow in, you know, want to look at. So that's our retargeting now, but in Facebook side, we don't have retargeting.

And again, I have a video breaking down the statistics of why you do not need to be doing it. Now that we're focused all on cold acquisition, cause before it was like, I'd sit down and look at that account. We have top funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel, PPS past purchases.

Okay. And I'm like, okay, cool. Four campaigns.

I got to create three ads each week per campaign is 12 new ads a week. Guess what? They were very half-assed low quality.

Now three new ads per week per ad account is our kind of goal. And I can really focus on crafting some really quality stuff because I'm super focused on one specific audience. And it's actually made our brands significantly more money by focusing just on this, then the old way of way we're running things.

And we were actually able to scale faster and yeah, it just, it's overall better play than sitting there trying to do retargeting, keep up with retargeting in that sense right there. Now, reason number seven, you still have bad performance. And that is, you still believe that ABO and CBO have an effect on performance.

Okay. So CBO and ABO does not have an effect on your performance. Okay.

It's just two unique ways to control budget. Okay. We use ABO and our creative testing campaign.

Cause I want to make sure I force budget to new batches of creative. And then I use CBO, my main scaling campaign, cause I use one campaign, one ad set and all of our winning ads. And then I just use CBO cause I like the way I can control the budget at the top level.

Okay. We do have an ad account with our scaling campaign in ABO. And the reason why is because each broad ad set and that scaling campaign is a different country.

Okay. So I want to force spin to certain countries. That's it.

And I didn't want to use CBO anymore. Okay. So CBO or ABO is, does not have any effect on performance.

It's just different ways to manage the ad accounts and different unique ways or like they're going to come and play and use in different unique ways. Okay. So does not have an effect.

I remember before, you know, a long time ago when I was first, like you got introduced to CBO and I was looking at, Oh wow, CBO or ABO. I'll test the campaign on ABO. And then a week later I tried on CBO cause I would think that CBO would get a better performance.

Then I realized they're just two unique tools and it's how you use the tool, which is going to affect the performance in that sense right there. Now, reason number eight, you have bad performance. And that is you're still using the thing about 14.5.

Okay. You still keep saying 14.5 is cause of everything. It's the problem.

Yada, yada, yada. I'm just accepting it. Yada, yada, yada.

That is very false. Unless you've tested hundreds of creators, hundreds of new ads over since 14.5 starts first became a thing and you still cannot get performance. Okay, cool.

Maybe you do have some level of play right there. But majority of people I've talked to that say, Hey, 14.5 destroyed my business. They have not tried testing new ads, new creatives or they have, but it's been like a very few and it's not necessarily 14.5.

It's just the fact that their ads are stale and that's why they have bad performance. So that's something else you need to look at just testing new ads on a consistently weak basis. 14.5.

We don't blame anything on anymore. We have one, literally one ad account that we, we tried everything for and they still do decent, but not where we want them at. Okay.

But 14.5 solely is not the main reason why you have bad performance, unless you're testing five to six new ads every single week. And you've been doing that for a few months and you notice a clear night or day difference from 14.5 first lease to now. And that's right there.

Now, reason number nine, you have bad performance is you're on YouTube and you're keep looking up, um, each guru's strategy for Facebook ads. Okay. You need to pick a strategy and just run with it.

Okay. You're basically like, Hey, I'm starting keto to diet today. Then tomorrow you're starting, I'm starting macro counting today.

Then the next day I'm going vegan today. And it's like, why? Well, cause I didn't see performance yesterday on keto.

So I'm going to vegan today, or I'm going to macro tracking today. Cause I didn't see performance yesterday on vegan yesterday. It takes a whole 90 days before you start seeing effects of a diet.

So for ad account strategies, you need to pick one and run with it. You can make little tweaks in it, little optimizations in it, and maybe take things from other people, but you don't need to completely rechange your strategy every time. Okay.

I remember when I was in this situation right here where it was November, not November, September of 2020. Okay. I have one of our massive ad accounts at the time crush.

It went from like a three and a half X, four X ROAS at a couple hundred thousand dollars a month, all the way down to like 80 K a month. I like a one and a half, two X ROAS. I was struggling.

I didn't know what the hell to do. Okay. And then I basically reached out to this agency for a consulting, just one hour consult and said, you know, help me get that account back up and, um, got on that account with them, everything like that.

I got on the call with them. I paid them $1,500 for one hour consult. Okay.

Get on that account. They teach me this new strategy. Okay.

Now this new strategy, all involved was a new way to manage the ad account. Okay. Stayed up all night, rebuilding that account, how they want it.

Guess what? Next day, even worse, super, super bad performance. Okay.

And we basically go super, super bad performance for another two months before the client leaves. Okay. The new agency that took over, guess what?

They didn't change anything about the way that account was managed. All they did was introduce new ads and took that account from like one half, two X, all the way that back to like four and five X row ass that they were shooting for. All they did was test new ads.

That's it. And that's where I became strongly sold on the fact. If you have a problem, you're at account, you're not testing enough new ads per month.

Okay. Or per week. That's in trade there.

All these ad account strategies are just different ways people choose to run the account. And once you really understand how Facebook works and how everything works, you can start to kind of break strategies and just kind of develop your own in that sense right there. So I teach you guys the one that I serve as me and you guys can take that.

And as long as you're, there's certain level of variables that certain level of things that you just, you have to stay consistent with. If you do this consistently in your own strategy and cool, go for it. But yeah, that's basically why you don't need to be on YouTube, constantly looking for new strategies, go on YouTube and look for creative strategies and top performing creatives and things like that, that you can actually emulate and bring it to an ad account, bring fresh new ideas to your ad account.

Now, reason number 10 of why you're seeing bad performance is you are not testing enough ads per week. You are not testing three new ads per week. Okay.

If you're seeing bad performance and you're not testing three new ads per week, you do not have an ad account problem. You have an ad problem test three new quality ads per week. Okay.

I'll see someone that are like, yeah, I tested three ads last week. I go, go check out the ads. And it was like a t-shirt on a white background, a t-shirt on a black background, a t-shirt on a red background.

Okay. And it's all a little performance. I'm like, okay, how does that capture attention to my ideal customer?

What is my customer's current state? What's my customer's desired state? And how does that ad emulate to them?

They're going to get there with that product. And they're like, oh, I don't know. They're just all look cool.

And the ad like does not work at all. So have some thesis and hypothesis. Why does that will do well?

And how well does it grab attention of your ideal customer? So try to focus on three quality creatives per week, and you're going to be in a much better state for your business. Ooh, guys, this was a long video to film, but 10 reasons why, and guess what?

Every single reason was back to testing new ads per week. So if this has not struck the needle into you or struck the hammer into that you need to be testing more new ads per week, then honestly, I don't know what will. So, um, wish you guys the best.

Thank you all so much for watching this video. If you're an econ business owner, spend at least 50 K per month, and you would love to help on a call. Me and my team will put a strategy together for you, and you can take that strategy and run with it.

Or you have the options to work with us. If you choose now, if you're making less than $50,000 per month, then subscribe to the channel for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Um, and I do have a course, more details on a potential course coming out soon.

I just want to really refine that particular area. So thank you all so much for watching. My name is Nick Terrio.

Hit the like button, hit the subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.