How to structure dynamic creative test with Facebook ads in 2023. We'll be giving you guys today examples of different dynamic creative tests and kind of essentially what iterations would create. You know, do you put three videos together?

Do you put three photos together? Do you do two photos and a video? In our ad set with dynamic creative tests where we typically put three creatives inside.

Then from there, we'll be going over what specific iterations we'll be testing. You know, do we do a text hook, visual hook? What are some of the components that are rest in the video we might do test on in that case right there?

So we'll be going over all of that in today's video. If you're new to the channel, you don't know who I am. My name is Nick Terrio.

I've done over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads. I run a Facebook ads agency and you click the link below to whether you can have us run your Facebook ads or if you want me to personally mentor you, I do have a link as well for that. So make all this content completely for free for you guys to help you scale your business.

That being said, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Let's dive into the video guys. So how to structure dynamic creative tests with examples.

Like I said, I have a few examples of creatives in here. So first thing I want to go over or actually first thing before we get started, I want you to go watch these two particular videos. If you've never ran dynamic creative tests yet and you're not familiar how I run these particular structures, go watch these two videos, just pause this video and open up a new tab and go watch these two videos.

How to run dynamic creative ads on Facebook. I'm going to give you a very raw inside of the ad account showing you step-by-step how to run these tests. Then the second video is how I find winning Facebook ad creatives with dynamic ads.

And essentially in this particular video, what we're going to do is we're going to go in there and I'm actually going to show you different dynamic creative tests I ran and how to choose which one's a loser and which one's a winner. Okay. So make sure you watch those two videos.

And then obviously this video is the icing on the cake where I'm actually going a little bit more in depth about what specific dynamic creative tests I would run between visual hook iterations, text hook iterations, different parts of the iterations, and how to structure that essentially inside of a dynamic creative test. So just a quick overview. I need to make sure you guys on the same page.

An ad concept is a theme that three creatives will follow. Okay. Same messaging will be used for all three creatives.

Okay. Just make sure you remember that. And three creatives will be three photos or three videos.

You do not mix the two inside of a dynamic creative test. It's going to be three videos in a dynamic creative test or three photos. Okay.

And they're all going to have the same exact messaging. Okay. Now the same Facebook body copy, same Facebook headline will be used for all three creatives as well.

So just remember that. And you have to remember that you have to limit to one variable per test. So we use broad targeting.

So the audience is never an issue. We use, you know, all the same creatives with the same messaging. So the only thing in that first test is like a visual hook.

Or we might do three creatives, all the same exact visuals. And we might just do a different text hook for each one. Remember, one variable per test is the only thing you're allowed in a Facebook dynamic creative test.

Okay. So first off, I'm going to show you guys the concept really quick. I just kind of pulled some ads from Avi just because I can't show you all the creatives we use because of, you know, India with our clients in that perspective right there.

You can see right here, two exactly the same ads from a visual perspective, just different text hooks. Okay. It's a video ad.

Literally the only reason why it looks different is because of the different, you know, this one's at zero seconds. It's not one second. I paused it.

Exact same ads. Okay. Now, exact same body copy, exact same headline, exact same ad from a visual perspective.

The only thing different that they're testing is the text hook in the first three to five seconds. That's it. Okay.

That's the only variable here. All right. Now, when you deploy your first dynamic creative test, that's your goal right there.

You're allowed either to change the text hook or change the visual hook. You have two options. Okay.

You cannot do both. All right. You can deploy two tests where it's one dynamic creative test testing visual hook and another dynamic creative test testing the text.

So, all right. But then it's still too many variables. So, you want to just do one dynamic creative test and your first test, your objective is to decide do you want to do a text hook or a visual hook and then stick with it.

Okay. It really doesn't matter. Like, there's not one that comes before the other.

We, quite frankly, we like to do a visual hook first. So, we'll do same message across all of them, just like same hook on all of them, just different visual hook. But, you know, that's what we like to do.

Okay. So, your first test, either a text hook or a visual hook, that's the only variable you're allowed to change in your first. And, again, same body copy, same headline, and three particular creatives.

Okay. Now, after you do the first test, there's a path of three different types of iterations you can do. Okay.

And, you know, they're endless. Okay. So, it's not like you just do these iterations once and that's it.

You can continue to do one if you want. Okay. So, the first iteration, and there's no, this is not a specific order to as well.

I'm just giving you guys. It isn't a specific order of how we do it, but you don't have to do it in a specific order. Okay.

So, first iteration we like to do is either a visual hook or a text hook. So, I'm going to go over a visual hook first. So, basically, what we do is we find, let's just say, for example, we do our first round is simply testing, you know, the text hook.

So, like right here, this is the best weight loss product. I found the secrets of reverse aging. So, we have two different hooks and we found out this is the best one in terms of the text hook.

Okay. So, now we're going to do this and we're going to test the visual hook. So, what essentially we'll do is we'll change this visual in the background that goes on between second zero and second five or second three.

And we'll do three different visuals. Okay. And we're going to replace it with different scenes.

Okay. This might be different environments, different scenes. So, we might pull a scene from further into the video and put it first.

Different environments. So, like this is like a kitchen kind of looks like. We might do a bathroom.

We might do a bed. We might do outside on the concrete. Just different environments.

Ages of people. So, maybe we're showcasing a girl who looks like she's in her 20s. Maybe we'll do a 30-year-old, a 40-year-old, and a 50-year-old.

Okay. Genders of people. Maybe we're doing like a female right now.

Maybe we'll do a men, a male. Okay. Ethnicies of people.

So, different types of ethnicies of people. I mean, there's a lot of them. So, you can choose two or three that better fit your culture in that sense.

Now, I wouldn't do all of these at once because you can only do one variable. Okay. So, if I decide to do different scenes, I'm going to do another visual hook test with different scenes.

Okay. Then, I'll do another visual hook test with different environments. Then, I'll do another visual hook test with different ages of people.

That's only if I'm showcasing a person the first three to five seconds. Be clear. Okay.

Maybe I do one with people with no people. Okay. Another one different genders.

Another one different ethnicities. Okay. So, I could easily do five to ten different DCTs just off this one.

Now, I'm going to do one at a time. Okay. So, just be clear on that.

Now, new test. First, all three have same text hook and same rest of video. You're simply just swapping out the visual hook.

All right. Same timing as well. So, you can see right here.

Both these videos are 40 seconds. Different text hooks. If I swap in a different visual hook, both will still have the same timing as well.

Okay. Because then that's a new variable right there. It's time.

All right. Now, another test might do is a different text hook. Okay.

So, you can see right here. This is a test text hook. Same exact everything about this video except two different text hooks.

Okay. So, what we will look for is, okay, let's test different headline patterns. So, a headline pattern essentially is like the pattern of which you write the headline.

You know, there's like how-to headlines. There's three seconds. You know, three reasons headlines.

I'm trying to think of another headline pattern. A headline pattern can be something like a problem benefit. Another headline could be a solution problem.

Like different stuff like that. Just different patterns of headlines. Okay.

Different market awareness levels. You know, you have like unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware. So, you might choose a different market awareness level and essentially test different headlines around that specifically.

Different desires. Like this is around, you know, desire to lose weight. This particular product could also even improve.

Let's see. What's another good one? You know, reduce joint and muscle pain.

So, the desire for reducing joint and muscle pain, I could actually put instead of, you know, weight loss right here. That's a different desire in the market. A different level of market sophistication as well.

So, these are all different hooks we could do. So, if we do different headline patterns, boom, I'll do a new test with different headline patterns. So, I'll choose two or three headline patterns and see which headline pattern works best.

Then, once I see what headline pattern works best, I can do another DCT with that same headline pattern and three new headlines around that headline pattern. So, you can see I go a little bit further deeper into this, okay? Now, the next one, again, just new test.

All three have same visual hook and same rest of video. Just simply swapping out the text hook, okay? Now, the last one or another one is rest of video.

So, the rest of video is everything that happens after the first three to five seconds. After your hook, everything else is rest of video. At least, that's why I like to look at it, all right?

This honestly comes down to a little bit deeper levels of consumer psychology. You know, I really like to look at things like, do they not believe the product will work for them? You know, if we don't provide enough proof in the video that the product will work for them, that's a big problem right there.

Is the product too complex and they don't understand it? For selling a really complex product and we make it sound really complex, people won't buy. Is the editing too slow or too fast?

You know, if you... I saw an ad the other day. It was so fast that I couldn't really understand it, okay?

So, just change the editing. Do we make the product look important enough? If we don't really hit on a really strong enough desire and really make this product look like it's really important they need it in their lives on a daily basis, they're not going to buy.

Did we put too much into the video? We've had another ad the other day where we just simply put way too much information in the ad that at the end of the video, people were like, what? What does this product do again?

Because we overloaded them with information. Another really good one, is there any beliefs that we're neglecting? We sell a product, you know, basically almost like an ambulance insurance.

And we have a very strong, you know, belief in the marketplace that this particular insurance does not need to be around because they're health insurance, which is actually completely false. So, if we're going against a belief in the marketplace, we first have to address that belief and go deeper into it and overcome it, blah, blah, blah. So, these are all different iterations.

And let's say, for example, I just choose editing too fast or too slow. Well, I can go create three new videos just focusing on different times of the video. And that's it.

Okay. And just to show you another thing of how this would look like, because I know it's a little bit harder to illustrate, you know, let's say, for example, I'll launch a new DCT and I want to focus just on how it works. Well, these are three videos, all exactly the same, except we're going to have a different portion for how it works.

That's it. One variable at a time. And this is just, this is meant to say variations, but basically, once you find a winning concept and like a winning messaging, you can also look at how to further expand that.

Okay. So, this particular video by Avi, it's a mixture of like professional video slash UGC, but I could focus on, maybe I want it to feel really organic and then I can get some more creators to create around that. Maybe I even want to take it to a higher level, invest more money and have a more professional production.

Maybe I can find imagery in that that looks really well. And I can use that to create some image ads, basically creating new concepts based off variations in that center right there. Okay.

Iterations, when you tweak in one thing and variations, when you're taking the whole concept and you make it something similar to it, completely redone. Okay. Yeah.

And just again, not every concept will perform. Okay. So you can see right here, we launched like 169, 183, 187, 186.1, 184.

They didn't really work well for this account. Okay. And then we found 186 new, which 186 new performed amazing.

Okay. $55 cost per lead, $54 cost per lead in it. You can see right here over the same period of time, it quickly became our new best performer in the account because that dynamic creative test got the same spin or more than our, than our kind of just like broad ad set right there.

Okay. Now your weekly goals should be to test two new DCTs a week. Okay.

I like to do one new concept a week. And I like to do one new iteration of existing concept a week. Okay.

So a new concept a week, again, just different concepts. And you know, a concept right here is a theme that three creatives will follow. Just imagine a third creative right here and then boom.

Okay. And again, your first dynamic creative test, you either do a visual hook first or a text hook first. Okay.

So I would put this in an ad account brand new, then I'll that very first ad set a launch might be based around a visual hook or a text hook. Okay. Really just doesn't matter to be honest.

Okay. Cause I'm gonna test it next anyway. This is for the second part.

And then one new iteration of existing concept a week. So like, let's say for example, it's the rest of the video. I'll go in inside of a DCT, create this ad set structure and then launch it.

And then boom. Now I will give you guys another little tip real quick in our dynamic creative testing process. We do three creatives.

Okay. All but one variable between them. Then we do two copies, one existing winner and one new copy.

And then one headline and one existing winning headline. Okay. When I do a iteration and I'm testing just for example, like, you know, let's say right here.

Okay. We did our first round of testing. Now our second round, let's say it's text hook.

We want to test. Okay. I'll won't put a second body copy and a second headline.

I'm just going to put the body copy and headline that worked in that first DCT. Okay. So just be clearly clear.

So some of my dynamic creative tests will be just one headline, one copy and three creatives because they're more down iterations and stuff like that. But if it's the first time I'm testing a concept, I'm going to put a brand new copy plus an existing winning copy, brand new headline and existing winning cop headline inside of there. So just want to be completely transparent with you guys on that.

So that way you're fully aware. Um, when you watch those dynamic creative tests video, what I do, well, guys, I really hope y'all enjoyed this video again, you know, produce all this content for you guys completely for free for you guys. Uh, not over $50 million in online revenue with Facebook ads, run a Facebook ads agency, click link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads or have Nick Terrio mentor you to whatever one you prefer.

And then make sure to hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Thank you all for watching. My name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out.