Today we'll be breaking down my 13 favorite Facebook ad angles that we've seen the best success with. I've done over a hundred million dollars in revenue for my clients with Facebook ads and these are the 13 most common ones we see successful inside of our ad accounts. So what is an ad angle?

First thing you have to understand is what's positioning. Positioning is, for example, this energy drink right here. I'm drinking it for more energy to film these YouTube videos.

So I could position this as a energy drink for people who want to work harder and longer. I can also position this energy drink as a pre-workout that people can drink before they go to the gym. So that's two different ways of positioning this product.

But the angle is the different ways I can grab people's attention for that positioning. So if I say, hey, this is the best energy drink to drink, or let's just do the pre-workout. Best pre-workout to drink before going to the gym.

Boom. That's one angle. Another angle could be Mr.

Olympia reveals the best pre-workout to drink before going to the gym. That's another angle. Another angle could be three pre-workouts or the top three pre-workouts of 2024.

That's another angle. So they're just basically saying the same thing for that positioning, but just in new ways to capture people's attention. So we're going to go over those 13 ad angles, which are also going to be hook patterns.

So the hook is the little text you see on the screen. And then, you know, like actually goes into this thing right here. So here we have our 13 favorite hook patterns, and I'm going to go all through these one by one.

So the first one is measure the size of the claim. This one can be a little difficult depending on what type of niche you're in. But here's just an example right here.

Make an extra $10,000 a month with Facebook ads. The $10,000 a month, that's the size amount of money you'll make extra, but with Facebook ads. Another size of the claim could be how we did $300,000 in revenue for a client in the supplement niche.

How we scale the store from zero to a million dollars a month. I'm just measuring the size of that claim. Now, the next one is the speed of the claim.

So we talked about the size. Here's going to talk about the speed. Now you'll actually notice I actually did talk about the size a little bit for this one, just because I needed that context for it to make sense.

Because if I just did how to Facebook ads overnight, that wouldn't make sense. So how to double your Facebook ads budget overnight. I'm talking about the speed of which they will double that budget, right?

So if they want to scale their Facebook ads, or if they want to increase their sales, I could do how to increase your Facebook ad sales overnight. How to increase your conversion rate overnight. How to scale your Facebook ads overnight, for example, the speed of the claim.

We can also do like seven days, 30 days, you know, some of those. So you can do very specific timeframes, which to be fair, very specific timeframes can kind of be iffy with Facebook, right? So like if I said how to lose 30 pounds in seven days, that will get rejected immediately by Facebook.

But if I say how to lose weight in as little as seven days, lose weight there, I'm not giving it a quantifiable number. It's just lose weight. If you lose one ounce of weight in that seven days, I still completed my claim.

But if I say how to lose 30 pounds in seven days, and you lose literally one ounce, that's false right there, false advertising. And then I can also flip it around. I can talk about how to lose 30 pounds, but I can't give it a timeframe.

So I can say how to lose 30 pounds. And then boom, I can go into that. But I can't say how to lose 30 pounds in seven days, right?

Because yes, the weight is quantifiable, but the timeframe is not. So as long as you lose 30 pounds, we're good, but I never specified a timeframe. So that timeframe could be the rest of your life, for example.

And then there you go. So just giving you guys size and speed, just a couple quantifiable things around that when it comes down to the actual, what I would say, you know, legal use, legality use with Facebook itself. Now the next one is using authority, right?

So here I spent $10 million on Facebook ads. Here's the number one way to scale Facebook ads. So an authority is something someone looks up to.

You guys technically see me as an authority in the Facebook ads niche because I've consistently over periods of times has shown you and created belief in you that I can do really well with Facebook ads versus you. And you know, you're someone that you look up to for knowledge in this space. You position me as an authority in that niche.

So I technically could say Nick Terrio reveals the number one way to scale Facebook ads. The problem with that, it's only going to resonate with the 35,000, 36,000 people that follow this YouTube channel. If I'm trying to hit a larger market, I can't say my name because not many people know me outside of the YouTube channel.

Then I could say Facebook ad expert reveals the number one way to scale Facebook ads, which that also technically could work too. But I do know that an easy way to like squash other people, it's just, Oh, I spent more money than you on Facebook ads. And I've seen this a lot in Facebook ad groups where it's like, I spent a thousand dollars on Facebook ads.

This is my new strategy, blah, blah, blah. Now let's get another person, bro. I spent a million dollars a month.

This strategy fucking sucks. You know, here's why. So, um, I know in the Facebook ads niche, people use spin as a level of authority of why they should justify the information that you are telling them.

So I spent $10 million on Facebook ads. Here's the number one way to scale Facebook ads. I am using authority, right?

Um, another example could just be, you know, let's say married father reveals his number one success tip for a healthy marriage, right? You know, me personally, you know, I'm not currently dating anyone right now, but I do have a, um, life mentor who is married. He has kids and stuff like that.

And I only take a dating advice from him. Why? Because he's an authority figure in my life around dating marriage and stuff like that.

Why? Because he has what I want. I'm not going to take dating advice from someone who's been single their whole life and can't keep a girlfriend.

Why? Because they have not shown me they're an authority in my niche in my world. I'm not going to take information from someone that's just simply not like where I want to be.

Right? So I use an authority based off like, Hey, what are people looking up to? And that's who I call out in that headline right there, that hook.

And this is going to better associate that, that just that information and stuff like that. And people are going to give a fuck a little bit more about that information when it's presented to them. Now, next one is before and after, right?

And like you have your typical before and afters where it's like, you know, Hey, for I was this now after I'm this. So here's an example right here before emotion baiting my new, like Facebook ad strategy, I was stuck at a one extra row ass, but now I do regularly through a three extra row ass, you know, that's like one way to do it. Maybe before this energy drink, I was tired.

Now I'm like all the time, fully energized. Next one is compared to their claim to its rival, emotion mating scales, Facebook ads, three times faster than traditional scaling methods. Again, emotion mating kind of being my new Facebook ad strategy.

And it's showing how it's scaling faster than traditional scaling methods. I could say emotion mating scales, Facebook ads, three times faster than broad targeting and dynamic ads. Why would I call broad targeting dynamic ads?

Because I know 90% of people that watch this channel currently leverage broad targeting dynamic ads. So I'm calling out something you already use and showing how this new thing does way better, but I'm calling out what you use so I can employ, so I can actually appeal to an ideal customer right there. Now, next one, remove limitations from the claim, how to win with Facebook ads, even if you have no experience.

So I'm basically just basically putting it like, Hey, you don't have to be an experienced Facebook ad, it's advertiser like me to be able to scale your Facebook ads. All you simply need to do, um, is what I'm going to show you in this particular hook or this headline, um, or this video or photo, whatever I'm fucking putting. And then I'm calling out something, even if you have no experience.

Now problem with this is this is going to give us some really, really new level people. Um, so it just kind of depends on if I would want to position myself in, in that market right there, but you can also do like, you know, how to grow your legs, how to grow your legs without squatting, um, how to scale Facebook ads without testing a single Facebook ad creative itself. Like these are all things that you can also do on top of that to further, um, you know, remove those limitations.

Now, next one, state the claim as a question, who wants to scale their Facebook ads with no hard work. So this one's also pretty cool. Cause I'm also removing a limitation in this sense right here, but who else wants to scale their Facebook ads?

So just making a question, offer information in the claim. So this is like how to scale Facebook ads in 2024. I'm offering that, you will learn some information in this particular, um, video or photo, whatever the fuck I'm creating itself.

And then next one is stress the newness of the claim. This is a new Facebook ad strategy that doubles budget overnight. So I'm just basically really, the key thing is the newness aspect.

Um, I recently did this on the YouTube channel. I created a new video where, and I put, new Facebook ad strategy in the video fucking crushed. Why?

Cause I highlighted that new aspect. Next one is stress the exclusiveness of the claim, which is basically just like saying like the only, so the only Facebook ad strategy that actually gets results. Next one is challenge your prospects belief.

I thought Facebook ads was a scam until I saw this. You know, I know, I know a lot of y'all like a little bit more higher sophistication. So let's say like, I thought broad targeting was trash until I saw this.

I thought products targeting would never work to work for me until I saw this. Um, people who are kind of currently believe an opposite belief of what I need them to believe for them to purchase what I need them to purchase. Next one is call a solution or product they're currently using.

So don't spend another dollar on Facebook ads until you watch this. So I'm essentially calling out something they're currently using. Don't take another sip of ghost until you see this.

Don't take another sip of your pre-workout until you see this. And I'm kind of highlighting something and we don't really know if it's good or bad. That's also what kind of gives us that curiosity factor right there.

And then lastly, to the person who has tried every Facebook ad strategy with no success. I'm just simply calling out that person based off who they are, you know, to the single mom who struggles taking care of their kids by themselves. You need to see this, you know, um, to the person who's going to the gym seven days a week for the last five years and still cannot get 23 inch biceps.

Check this out. You know, I'm just kind of being a little bit more articulate in who that person is. So again, these are all different angles you can use.

And you know, that angle is created by that hook pattern right there. So hopefully you leverage these 13 and hopefully it absolutely crushes it for y'all. These all come actually from my new ebook that is now live.

If you click the link below, it's a $27 ebook. Um, I'll actually show you real quick. Let's see.

Insert view tools, word count. This is 62 pages long, 16,000 words. Yeah.

So it's, it's a very hefty read, but it's literally a step by step process of having you in my mind of how I think about writing ads for clients. So click me below it's $27 ebook. It's one of the lowest ticket products I've ever produced.

So you can get that below for Nick's ebook. And this is going to be a very step-by-step guide of how to think about writing ads that scale. So hope y'all enjoy it.

Drop some comments below. If you buy it and you know, what's your initial feedback is, we'd love to hear it. So, um, make sure you like button and subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And that being said, talk to y'all later. Peace out.