In today's video, I'll be giving you guys over 15 different image ads that you can steal and recreate and put inside of your ad account that we've seen as best performers. Guys, welcome back to the channel. If you don't know who I am, my name is Nick Terrio, running an e-com growth agency.

We typically work with brands doing 50k to 100k a month. And if you're interested, you can click the link below, but call me and my team. I have no course or anything like that to sell you, provide all of this content completely for free for you guys with the intentions of one day you grow in your business to the point where you're ready to outsource the ads and me and my team come in and take over everything.

So before we get started, hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And as promised, I'll be giving you guys actually 17 different ads that are image only. If you guys would love to see a video only variation of ads that you could steal, then make sure you you drop a like below.

And maybe we have, after we get over 70 likes on this video, we can do the video ad examples as well. So with that being said, let's dive right into the video. So all of these are different types of images that we've seen work really well for other brands.

And you can recreate these and as many different variations as you want. These are basically like 17 different concepts that you can go ahead and run and transform around. So that being said, here's number one, this is recipe photo, number one, perceive the value.

And the whole goal with this particular ad right here is to show off the perceived value of your product. So the whole goal with total human right here was that they put 10 supplements in two daily packs. So instead of just showing off the two daily packs, they showed off all the different supplements that's going into those two daily packs right there.

So this is one way. Again, you could take this and you can test different variations of this that fits your business. And not all of these ads I'll show you will fit your business and that's totally okay.

But I will guarantee you that at least one or two in these 17 I'm going to show you will be things that you can implement into your business. Now recipe photo number two is a straight problem solution style graphic. This is just articulating the problem right here and the solution.

Very simple and straightforward. You don't have to do it this exact way, but just anywhere where it shows off a problem and solution that people would be having and what the solution is. Number three is a close up of the product plus a few benefits alongside of the product.

I love this type of ad. It's worked really well that we've seen as well for like performance and stuff like that in agency. Literally just take a product, take close up of it.

And you know, there's four, four different benefits here, but you can just, I personally prefer three. I found that works the best for us. So just three benefits.

You can put the product on different sides of the screen and benefits rotating left or right in that aspect right there. Now recipe number four, close up plus a guarantee. I love this type of ad right here.

All you're doing is showing off the product similar, how you did the benefit style ad. And all you're doing is articulating the guarantee for that product right there. Now recipe number five, another very simple close up of the product with a headline.

So instead of just showing off the different benefits, what are you doing is articulating one main headline that hits on either a problem or hits on a particular solution for the business. Maybe even something that just drives curiosity in that aspect right there. And again, other ways we could do this, we could do a closeup of this product out in the wild, like out in lifestyle.

It doesn't have to be a solid background. You can do different colored backgrounds, different types of lifestyle photos instead, and then just different types of headlines, problems, solution, maybe even a testimonial in this perspective right here. Let's be number six, just a simple close up of the product.

We find that, you know, you can, again, you can do this either, um, as a, you know, lifestyle type ad right here, or you can do this as a flat lay style ad where it's just like this with no headline in that aspect right there. And another thing we find that this works really well for clothing brands is doing particular closeups as well of the specific features of that clothing that, um, it's like new and improved. Number seven is a simple product flat lay style ad where you just simply put in a product with no headline, no nothing, just a simple flat lay of the product works really well for clothing.

And again, you know, for clothing, you'd want to have a variety of these mixed with like lifestyle and other types of things, but we have seen these work well for clothing, um, in certain industries, not every clothing industry, but certain clothing industries that's worked well. Number eight is closeup plus authority. So taking a close up of your product and adding some type of level of authority to it, where, you know, here you have like a testimonial right here, style looking thing.

And then you also have, um, a few like author tip posts about, um, you know, for people who do running, cause this is for runners right here, you know, runners, women's running inertia, trail running magazines, Forbes, all, you know, kind of adding authority to that particular product. Number nine is a closeup plus features plus offer. So we're showing up the features and stuff with the product right here, what's in it.

And then also to just a straight up offer right there, you know, that people can redeem. Number 10 is a closeup plus split screen plus headline. So we're showing up a few different closeups with a split screen effect right here.

Uh, we find this works really well for clothing and two, we'll also do like a closeup on one side, and then we'll do a split screen where the other side is a lifestyle photo. We've seen that work really well for clothing as well. And you can do the headline right here.

You can also do a headline up here. You know, you don't have to follow the exact graphic design, just articulating you guys, different concepts to test, and you can get creative with these different types of concepts. Number 11 is a closeup plus offer plus social proof.

So this is a very simple, you could take, you know, maybe some of your ads already that has a closeup of the product plus, you know, social proof or authority on it. And just simply add in your offer 20% off free today shipping, whatever that might be very simple ads articulate. Uh, this is another one where it's just a closeup plus offer, take a closeup of your product plus do 50%, you know, whatever your offer is, um, or your, your value add onto your offer and that perspective right there.

So this is 57% off. Um, very simple ad. Next one is closeup plus review.

So this is simply going ahead and, um, take a closeup of your product and doing review style on your product right here, where it's just articulating a review. And then maybe like the core headline of your product. And number 14 is closeup plus variety.

So one, two, one or two, you know, main headline, sub headline, and then showing up the variety of products that you have in your business. Number 15 is a product demo. So what we're doing in this product demo right here is we're just kind of articulating the best way possible without using video, what the product is and how you can like articulate what the product does.

So it's just showing a picture of the, uh, the dog and then showing off, you know, the, the pet character, the pet on, uh, the clothing and number 16, it's a product lifestyle. This is another one just taking a headline and articulating a lifestyle people have with this. This is probably one of our top performing ads for clothing brands.

We have a lot of, a lot of lifestyle photography, but it's for clothing. A lot of times you're selling the lifestyle people will live with the, um, with, uh, this product. So a lot of times we'll do split screen as shown in that one ad right here, the split screen with product closeups.

And then we'll do the other side with a lifestyle photo to articulate the exact product you're selling. And then the lifestyle people live with that product. And then lastly, number 17 is us versus them.

There's a lot of different ways you can do this. You know, this is a really cool way that the Ridge did this, but you also do it like this. You can also do like a little red X above this one and put a check mark on this one, a few benefits, a few problems for this one.

And then there you go. But yeah, guys, this is 17 different ads for you to steal and replicate. Um, these are ads that we use to take inspiration from when we work in our accounts and stuff like that.

And I can see exactly what a lot of you guys are going to do. You, you, a lot of y'all are going to take these ads and you're going to probably like just change the product in it. And then like maybe change the headline in it again, get creative with this.

This is, you know, meant as just, here's the foundation as an example of what to do and then go test. So maybe go take an us versus them style ad and go test a hundred different variations of it, different copy, different, um, like the way it's designed, different designs in it, different colors, different images in it. And that's all going to help you out with your performance and stuff like that.

Um, again, these are not our ads. These are ads that we found online, we taken and we've tested our accounts and seen success with it in our accounts. And we just simply use this as some of our recipes of, Hey, cool.

We're going to do an us versus them ad. Here's the foundation of it. Now, how's all the different ways we can articulate it to meet our brand right there.

So really hope this helps you guys out, give you guys some ad ideas to implement in your account. And if you are a e-com business and you're doing at least 50 K to a hundred K month in revenue, uh, we've helped multiple brands scale to seven figures a month in revenue. And that's whole, our whole goal at our agency, help you go from six figures to seven figures a month at your business.

So make sure you click link below to book call with me and my team, claim your free strategy call. We'll hop on a call together. We'll look at your business and see what you need to do to improve to scale.

And then you have the option to take that and run with it, or you have the option to work this if you choose. And yeah. And if you're not going to 50, 50, a hundred K month revenue, just keep enjoying the videos.

All these videos are meant to be transparent as possible to give you guys a real idea of what it takes to grow and scale. And that way one day you will be ready and then we can work together. So make sure to like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Thank you guys so much for watching the channel. My name is Nick Terrio. Talk to you guys later and peace.