Hey guys, what is going on? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot, and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, we are joined by a very special guest, Chase Diamond. If you're not familiar with him, he probably has one of the most incredible podcasts, first off, so if you want a podcast to listen to, make sure you check out his podcast, look him up on podcast Chase Diamond, but he has generated over $75 million in email marketing revenue. He is a partner with Klaviyo, and also co-founder or co-partner with Structured Social, probably one of the number one creative agencies as well for e-com.

So I am very excited to have him on today. We'll be talking about Q4 email marketing as Black Friday's around the corner. So with that being said, Chase, how's it going, man?

Doing well, thank you. How are you? Thanks for having me.

Yep, yep. So I'm extremely excited to have you on today. I definitely think just with Black Friday around the corner, people are maybe not like freaking out, but are definitely like, okay, hey, we're starting to feel some pressure and stuff.

So I got the ad side, everything that under control, but what are some of the first steps do I need to take to really have a really great, successful Black Friday when it comes down to the email marketing and the SMS side? More around just first off, that overall planning stage, I guess you could say right there. Yeah, dude, let's dive in.

I've got kind of some stuff I can talk about on the pre side, on pre Black Friday Saturday Monday, during and then kind of post. So I'll talk about the pre side and then if you have any questions before we go into the during, let me know. So in terms of campaigns, and I guess probably helpful to give some kind of definition.

So when I reference a campaign, that's a one-time send to a group of people. Think about some kind of product launch or some kind of holiday offer. Whereas a flow or an automation, that's an email that's sent based off some kind of action or behavior.

So someone enters their email into a pop-up on your website, that will trigger the welcome series for non-buyers. Someone's on your list, adds to cart, but doesn't start checkout or doesn't purchase, that will trigger the abandoned cart. And then the last type of email, I'm not going to talk about it too much today.

It's called a transactional email. And it's very similar to a flow or an automation, but it's specifically for when people buy from you. It's like the order confirmation, the shipping confirmation.

And those are typically sent from Shopify or WooCommerce, et cetera. So now that we have the definitions, let's talk about what we actually want to do ahead of Black Friday Saturday Monday. So in terms of the campaign strategy, we want to start teasing kind of upcoming sales, right?

But we mainly want to focus on getting people to engage. We want to get them to click our emails. We want to get them to reply.

We want to get them to drag us into the inbox. We want these people to be really primed and really hyped for what's to come. And there's really no need at this stage to kind of burn the audience out with too many promotions ahead of BFCM.

The discounts that you're going to run today are not going to be as good as the discounts that you're going to run in a couple of weeks. So you want to kind of, you know, mainly focus on engagement. That being said, depending on when this video goes live, Halloween might be a thing.

Maybe you're launching new products, whatever. You can obviously do a discount here and there, but don't be as aggressive with discounts ahead of time because people are going to get more than enough from you during the actual week. So that's like the campaign side ahead of Black Friday, Saturday Monday.

In terms of like the flows or the automations, you want to start updating these to be BFCM oriented and kind of related. You want to have language in these different series. So one use case is, you know, in these abandonment sequences.

So that's like the browse abandonment, the abandoned cart, the abandoned checkout. You want to start alluding to the fact that the product might not be in stock, right? So we're not going to go heavy with discounts.

We're going to instead focus on the FOMO, right? The fear of missing out, supply chain issues, shipping, logistics, right? If anyone's watched the news or pay attention to things online, that's a legitimate concern for a lot of these brands is are we going to have inventory?

So instead of leveraging heavy discounts ahead of Black Friday, Saturday Monday, you want to play to the fact that like, if you want this for Christmas or if you want this for Halloween or if you want this for someone's birthday or whatever the occasion is, you might want to get the product now while it's in stock. And then lastly, your pop-up, right? The way that you collect emails or even phone numbers, right?

You want to kind of excite people and by mentioning what's to come, right? The best deals of the year are coming. Make sure that you're on our list.

Don't miss out. And you might expect that for the next few weeks that these leads might be cold until these heavy promotions. Does that make sense so far?

Dude, that's great. I definitely want to dive further into when you start talking about teasing. Like what does a great tease look like?

Yeah, that's a good question. So it could be a lot of different shapes or sizes or things, right? But one that's really top of mind to me, it's just something simple like a plain text email from a founder or the community manager or the spokesperson, right?

It could be super simple and to the point, just like, hey, Nick, you know, wanted to let you know in two days or in a week, we're dropping the best sales of the season. You know, make sure you have notifications on, make sure we're in your inbox, set a reminder, you don't want to miss this, right? So just really hyping up what's to come.

If you want to even get creative, there's a way to be able to send a link that allows people to add it to their calendar, which is actually really cool. So say for example, you know, in a week out, I say, hey, Nick, you know, in one week we're dropping some new products or hey, in a week we're dropping our biggest sale of the year. It might be helpful for you to add this to your calendar.

You know, click this link here and it'll take someone to like this landing page where all they have to do is enter their email and it will add it to their calendar. This way they might get a notification. So there's a couple apps out there.

I think literally all you have to do, like one I know of, I have no affiliation with them. It's called, I think, calendarsnack.com. I believe it's free.

So calendarsnack.com. There's probably a bunch of others, just Google, you know, countdown or basically countdown calendars or calendars for email. And it's pretty cool.

You can do stuff like that. So it's just allowing people to be excited about what's happening and giving them a heads up of what's to come. So that way you don't just send it and then people are like, well, I didn't know this was coming or they spent their money elsewhere.

You want to make sure that you're staying top of mind for these subscribers or these customers. Yeah, I think you hit the head, hit the nail on the head right there. I think like one of the biggest things that we failed at previously in Black Friday years is not doing the tease and spent too much time obsessing about the offer.

And I get this question a lot, like how do you really make a great Black Friday? And I think the key is all in the tease and building that list. And when you're building that list, do you recommend like maybe segmenting or creating separate lists within CloudView of like people that are warm, engaged, ready for Black Friday, maybe through like an opt-in or a landing page and stuff like that?

Like how do you go about building that list? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, you definitely have to leverage segmentation.

There's tons of different types, right? There's folks that have opened or clicked in the last 30, 60, 90 days. There's folks that are your VIPs, right?

These are folks that maybe have spent either two to three times the AOV or two to three times the LTV, right? So if a normal customer spends $100 with your store, these people might be the folks that are spending $200 to $300 in your store, right? You might even leverage gender-based segments.

So sending products specifically to females and a different product specifically to males. Geography is another one, right? Maybe you're running like a free shipping offer in the United States, but internationally, you don't have that shipping offer, right?

So being able to segment out and only send it to the people that are here in the States. There's a bunch of different segments that you can send, engagements, purchase behavior, people that have viewed this product but haven't purchased, people that have added to cart, people that have started to check up without having bought, right? There's so many different segments.

You know, that being said, like you want to pick segments that give you enough scale without being the whole list. And kind of what I mean by that is, say you have a list of 5,000 people, you don't want to go so granular that you're only emailing 50 people, right? You're going to otherwise create a lot of work for yourself and setting up all these emails and creating all this content for 50 person segments, right?

You want to hopefully at least have a couple hundred people in your segment. So don't go overboard, right? Use some of like the main ones.

Don't go like so granular that you're finding one person on your list, right? And then to your point, like we see a lot of issues with clients going wrong in terms of just having blanket incentives, right? A lot of brands just use a very simple strategy of offering their highest incentive during this period of time without really any testing or rationale behind the why.

And maybe sometimes they're actually over discounting where instead of doing 50% off, maybe they could have done like a 35 or 40% off and that slight increase in conversion at 50% off would not actually back out numbers wise if people had only purchased at 35 or 40% off, right? So right now, during these coming weeks, again, depending on when you're listening to it, it's so important that you start testing your offers. And I'll give you guys an example.

So say you have a product, maybe you sell, I don't know, maybe sell like hair care or skincare or something and your AOV is $50, right? So on average, people are spending about $50 when they come to your store, give or take. You literally want to test like the difference between, let's say 10% off versus $5 off.

That is the exact same discount, right? 10% off of 50 is five, $5 off obviously is five, but just sometimes that percentage off versus that dollars off psychologically will impact conversion, right? For your specific audience, the discount of the percentage off might be better.

For your friend's audience, you know, it might be $1 off. So testing things like that. Another really great one that we like to increase the average order value, right?

The more that we can get people to spend, the better. So what we do is what's called a tiered discount, right? So using the same or similar kind of AOV, we might give people $10 off if they spend $60 or less.

We might give people 15% off if they spend $61 to $99. And if they spend over $100 with us, we might give them 20% off, right? So by increasing the discount as they spend more money with us, it's a win-win.

The folks on your list get more product for less money and you end up getting more money than you otherwise would have. So those are kind of some of my thoughts on offers plus the segmentation. Dude, that's awesome.

I really love that you say about like the testing, the offers. I think that's absolutely crucial. And this video should go live actually next week.

So it'd be just before Halloween. I definitely recommend, yeah, like doing this part. And I think one of the biggest things too that we're seeing is like you don't need to test this offer for a week at a time.

Like you can literally just do like a Friday afternoon for a few hours, test that 30% off, 40% off offer. That's pretty aggressive. And that way you don't like burn it out by running it, you know, for a week before like Black Friday just to test it out.

Yeah. And two other thoughts. So one is like you could test these offers to these discounts on any medium or any channel, right?

You could test it on top of the funnel on your ad creative, right? You could test this on your website showing different groups of people, different pop-ups. You could send this on an SMS test, on an email test.

So wherever you have traffic or wherever channel you feel comfortable testing this, it doesn't have to be testing this on email. It doesn't have to be testing this on a specific channel. You can test this everywhere or anywhere, right?

I think that's one. I think two is signing up for your competitors list and starting to get a sense of what offers they're running. It's super important, right?

You don't want to be way over what your competitors are offering and you don't want to be way under. So if your competitors are offering 30%, you probably don't want to be giving out 50% off, right? You're leaving a lot of money on the table.

And if your competitor is doing 30% off, you probably don't want to be at 10 or 20%, right? You want to be kind of within a couple percentage points, you know, higher or lower. If you want to compete on price, right?

Then you're at a race to the bottom, right? If you're trying to just get a 50% off because your competitor is doing 30, okay, great. You're going to get a lot of customers, but you're not going to be profitable, right?

So I think trying to peg and benchmark around your competitors, but leveraging story and brand and everything that you've done up until this point is kind of the thing where that's the differentiation and that's how you're going to win. Yes. I love that you said about the looking at your competitors and stuff.

That is huge. Quick tip that I think we're doing for a lot of our clients at the agency is we're going ahead and getting them to take like an email that they don't use at all or even create a new email that just do not use it at all. But what they do is they go sign up for all their competitors' email list.

They'll start a checkout, put all that information in, but just don't complete it. And it'll give you a lot, lots of inspiration because unlike, you know, like the Facebook ads library can quickly see what everyone's running. Email, it's like, it's a little harder to do that.

There's ways, but it's a little bit harder. And so it's really cool. It's like, go take an email, let it build up a few thousand emails on there from your competitors and then you have pretty much a big swipe file of like what's working for like bigger brands in your industry.

Yeah, a hundred percent. We've done that for a long time. It's been super successful and take it one step further.

I know you mentioned you don't have to buy, but from some competitors do buy, you want to see what they're sending post-purchase. You want to see what they're doing. So again, sign up for all these brands for free.

It's not up for 99% of the brands for free, but the one or two that you think have really good content, have really good emails, have really good, whatever it is that you want to emulate. Obviously don't copy them, don't rip them off, but use that as inspiration. Buy from them, right?

See how long it takes to get your house. See what that unboxing experience is like, right? There's so much more that you can learn from just the experience and you'll be able to see, well, what ads do you get after the fact?

What SMS you get? What email do you get? And just be able to study these brands is probably the quickest and easiest way to hopefully figure out at least what direction you should move in.

Yeah, that's incredible. Yeah, I definitely agree with that. That's huge.

Now moving a step further. So you're doing this teasing, you're building these lists and everything like that. I think the last question that's going to pop in a lot of the listeners' mind is, okay, how many emails do I need to send in this time period?

And I think there's a big battle. I know like with my email marketer, they literally told me to kind of pull back a little bit because we're sending too many emails for this one brand because it was more of like quality over quantity. And then some people are like, no, you hit them every day.

You just like keep changing the subject line and just keep sending the same email. So like I definitely think there's a fine barrier in between of like how many emails should you send before Black Friday? Maybe the two weeks leading up to Black Friday.

How many should we be sending? Should we be sending one every other day? Like what's maybe a decent kind of benchmark to go after?

Yeah, it depends. I mean, every business will be different. So I think most brands are probably sending maybe one or two campaigns a week, give or take on average.

You know, other brands obviously are sending more. But I think like the average amount of people are probably leaving money on the table by not sending enough. And hence, you're probably sending once or twice a week, handful of times a month.

So if you're a brand that only sends once or twice a week, in the weeks leading up to Black Friday, I would try to go from one to two to three to four, right? You want to be able to increase the frequency, understand how people react, make sure that your team can actually handle the capacity. If you wait until Black Friday and Saturday Monday and you go from one or two emails a week to having to do seven for that week, just from the ability to actually create the content and know what to do and know how to do it, you probably won't be having as refined of a machine, right?

So in the weeks leading up to it, I would increase frequency. You don't have to go to every single day. You probably shouldn't.

But during Black Friday, Cyber Monday week itself, going to one campaign per day is probably going to be the norm. Customers expect it. They're going to get so many emails in their inbox anyways.

If you send them seven emails over the course of the Monday to Monday, so the week before Cyber Monday all the way through Cyber Monday or maybe the Tuesday through Tuesday, right? Based on people's open rates, they might actually only see or open one or two of your emails, right? So that's the other thing you have to keep in mind is just because you send seven emails during Black Friday, you do want to leverage segmentation.

You want to hit the same person twice. If someone buys from you, take them out, exclude them, don't hit them again. But you really want to make sure that you're sending enough because not everyone's going to open your emails.

So again, strategy for campaigns should be more aggressive. One campaign per day, give or take, potentially resending the non-converters, but one a day probably could do the trick. On the automation side, on the flow side, you also want to trigger emails much quicker than normal.

So say for the abandoned cart sequence, you're sending two or three emails out over three or four days. You want to send those same two or three emails out over a much more condensed period of time. So instead of three or four days, you might want to send those three emails out over one or two days because time is of the essence, right?

You really need to convert these people in a short kind of time frame. I love it. And guys, like you're watching right now, like you can see how much emphasis we're putting on pre-Black Friday.

Like we haven't even touched Black Friday itself because 80% of your success for Black Friday is going to be what you do prior to it. There's a lot of work that goes into building anticipation, segmentation, building up the emails, the flows and everything. But when you do that properly, you're building a crowd of people that are ready for your product.

Whereas instead of just launching on Black Friday with no anticipation of nothing, like it's going to make a huge 90-day difference in your success with it. And I'll give one like dirty secret that's worked extremely well for us every Black Friday is 24 hours before we launch or maybe even 12 hours before we launch, we'll do a last minute email that says, you know, like surprise and we'll offer a last minute surprise that increases the value of Black Friday. So we'll do like first 50 people who purchase, get a limited time t-shirt, they'll never come back to the shop.

If you're a clothing brand, maybe first 50 people who purchase will get, you know, 30% off, like a little bit more better of a deal. But that has worked very well for us. And I'm curious if you ever leveraged anything like that in your strategy.

Not that specific one, no, but we typically launched campaigns early to VIPs. So if our sales starting on X day, you know, our VIPs will probably get that same heads up at least like 24 to 48 hours early. So kind of similar in some regards, but it's specifically for the folks that have spent the most money with us and been the most loyal.

So we'll do something like that. And I guess to this point, so far we've covered a lot of the pre, we covered some of the during. What do you think if we make kind of the subscribers earn the post?

What if they have to kind of like and comment? If we get enough engagement, I'll come back on and we'll do a post video. That sounds pretty good.

I like that. So you guys, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button and comment below if you would love to see some more post Black Friday with Chase. And again, Chase, you have actually a really incredible resource for people who maybe want to know more posts or maybe want more of a tactical layout in terms of how to actually do this.

What is that resource? Yeah, sweet. And by the way, how many comments and likes do we need on this video?

I'm happy to come back and create free content. I'll talk about this paid resource in one second. I would say we need at least 30 comments and at least maybe 50 likes before we do that second video.

Sweet. I'm here for it. So hit that like, drop a comment.

I want to come back. So let's do this. But to answer your question, so I have a 92 page PDF playbook specifically on email marketing for Black Friday Cyber Monday talking about a lot of things that we talked about today, sharing email examples subject lines, swipe copy.

So I'm selling that PDF. It's typically $749 USD. I don't know if I can give like a special offer to the listeners.

Is that cool? That's cool with me. Sweet.

I'll get you a code for like 30% off. I don't know what that actually math nets out to, but we'll do 30% off. So I don't even want to guess probably in the ballpark of like 450 or 550 will end up being in terms of total.

I'll get you a link for that. Cool. Cool.

That sounds like a plan. Sweet. Sweet.

Well, is there any other last words before we end it today? I guess the last words I would have would be, you know, I'm just going to tease, I guess, some kind of post stuff really quickly to get people excited. So post Black Friday Sour Monday, you know, we got pretty aggressive in the pre and kind of during in terms of, you know, discounting and getting people excited and whatnot.

On the post side, we kind of want to chill on the discounts for at least a couple weeks, right? We really want to focus on engaging customers with story, educational contents and just getting them to participate and reply. So just think about that in mind, right?

We're going to go pretty hard in the pre, we're going to go hard during and we're going to cool off a little bit in the post. We're not going to stop sending emails. We're going to still send emails, but the content strategy is going to change and that's what we could talk about more in the next interview and I go into that in the PDF as well.

That sounds like a plan. Well, Chase, where can people find you? Follow me on Twitter, Ecom Chase Diamond, no A in diamond.

Every single day dropping copywriting tips, email marketing tips, building and scaling and agency tips. So Ecom Chase Diamond on Twitter. Yeah, and guys, if you haven't got on Twitter yet, Twitter has been like one of the most incredible free resources to talk to people like Chase, Nick Shackelford and a lot of other Ecom legends in that area.

Literally, the value on Twitter is insane. I've been on Instagram and Facebook for the last few years. I'm even paid groups on Facebook and there's more value on Twitter for free than those paid groups.

So it's pretty incredible. So definitely follow Chase. Also follow his podcast too.

You can look him up. What's the name of your podcast again? Is it Ecom Titans or I think that's Ecommerce Opportunity.

Ecom Opportunity. You look him up just on podcast, Apple Podcasts at Chase Diamond and trust me, his podcast is amazing. Learn more about email marketing and everything.

But yeah, definitely grab his Black Friday Cyber Monday playbook in the description below. And I appreciate you all for joining in today's video. I appreciate Chase for coming on board today.

It was a great time, man. Dude, thanks for having me. I hope we'll be back for part two.

Fingers crossed. Fingers crossed. Fingers crossed.

Make sure you hit that like button. Let's give out 50 likes and 30 comments below. If we want Chase back on, we'll talk about posting everything.

Thank you all so much for watching today's video and I'll see you guys later. Peace out.