What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel and today I have a very special guest for you guys. I have my good friend, buddy Nikita with Aspect Agency today.

He's a Klaviyo wizard. I've never seen anyone send emails and SMS like this and we're gonna be going over the exact emails and SMS you need to send for Black Friday. So this is gonna be like the official email and SMS Black Friday playbook and then you guys already seen like a couple Black Friday presentations I've personally done.

This will be more around the email and SMS side which I haven't covered yet. So Nikita prepared something very special for us today. Nikita if you want to say a couple words real quick and then we'll dive straight into your action plan.

Yeah man it's a pleasure to be on again. I know we did a video I think about a year ago just going over like just SMS and email basics but today we're diving deep into Black Friday and Cyber Monday and I basically prepared the same playbook that we're planning on launching with all of our clients. So I think you guys are gonna have a real treat today.

Early access guys like VIP access to this exclusive deck that he only has for clients. So you guys are for a real treat today. So let's dive right into it.

Yeah let me just go ahead and pull up my screen and we should be good to go. Not sure exactly when the video is going to be coming out but I have exact dates and exact email topics that you should be covering within each date or within each send time. So there's going to be a lot for everybody to handle and if it's a lot of emails or a lot of SMSs that you have to send out don't worry you can downsize it a little bit.

I just maximize the strategy for some of the clients that we work with that have like 50 to 100,000 emails that are subscribed but if it's lower no worries you should be covered. First things first I did want to cover a baseline checklist. So every single year whenever we're running Black Friday and Cyber Monday emails there's always one or two clients that don't have these basics covered.

So number one you want to make sure that all of your important flows are firing correctly. These are the bread and butter to any Klaviyo account but especially during this time you do not want to miss out on you know your abandoned cart sequence not working missing out on tons of sales during that time period or your cross sell not working or your post purchase not working. So make sure to get all of those correctly working and dialed in and if you don't have those set up at least set up one follow-up email in the abandoned series because you want to follow up with those people that are mid-purchase or about to purchase.

Next up you want to make your offer stupid simple you know don't over complicate it with like you got to buy this thing to get this discount on this thing that's completely wrong people are in the buying frenzy and you want to keep it simple and keep it flashy and bold. So a flat percent off, a BOGO, a flat dollar off, or a bundle discount, or even a threshold are all good offers to utilize. So it could be something as simple as 10% off, 20% off, buy one get one or buy one get one 50% off or buy 30 bucks get 50% off your cart.

Whatever it is just keep it simple. Next up with design this one is very very crucial because again this is also like during holiday time so people don't have that much attention. So you want to keep all of your important information above the fold.

That's like the first screen people see when they open up your email or your text message. So make sure to have your call to action, your offer, your timers, and your assets in there. And we're going to get a little bit into the timers when I break down the exact dates and times but all of those things need to be above the fold so that people can see like this brand has these shoes for 50% off.

It's going to expire in two hours and here's the button to click. Just keeping it very very simple. And one thing that we've done in the past here is adding contrast to our designs to make them special.

So if a lot of the emails that you send out are like on are based on a white theme, going for a dark theme can help your email stand out when people are opening them up to make it more of like a special occasion that you're going and running the sale. Next step is copy. Keep it simple and straight to the point.

You don't want to flood people with paragraphs and essays of your copy. Simply put, because people aren't reading, they're already got so many other things on their mind, whether they got the turkey in the oven or whether they got family and friends coming over. You want to keep things very very simple and keep it to just simple products and benefits during that time.

And lastly with SMS baseline checklists, don't send multiple texts every day. And what I mean by that, you can maybe send one or two text messages during Black Friday or Cyber Monday specifically, but don't harass your SMS list. Try to keep it to one to two per week, if not three to four per week during like those peak times, short, sweet and to the point and send follow-ups and check-ins as a part of like your abandoned cart or abandoned checkout.

And lastly, this one's very, very important during this time period. And I'm sure you've experienced this, Nick, where the billing has to be updated for your SMS plan. Because once you go over a certain threshold, you can't send any more SMSs until the billing is updated and then you're throttled.

So yeah, it's been paying so many clients before. Exactly. It's one of those things people overlook a lot.

And then it's like, oh shit, someone get their credit card. So let's get into the actual dates and strategy here. I have a little legend up here for light green being pop-ups, yellow being early bird, orange being SMS.

This weird brown color, it was white or it was like yellow when I designed it, but it's now brown for main Black Friday email and then blue for Cyber Monday emails. So I have everything broken down by weeks. So a lot of the things that we start off with are mainly in week two.

That's when we launch our pop-up between November 3rd, which is Friday and November 5th, which is Sunday. A pop-up that goes over early access to the, it says Cyber Monday here, but I meant to say early access to the early bird sale or like the early flash sale. Mainly here, the priority is to get people to sign on to the early bird.

So that way you have at least a boost of cashflow before main Black Friday and Cyber Monday hits. And again, this is also catering to some people who have very busy holiday schedules and may not get to Black Friday or Cyber Monday. On top of that, November 6th, we want to send out an early bird sale email for people to sign up.

And this is very easy to segment within Klaviyo. So if someone clicks on that button or signs up for early bird, they can go ahead and get access to those early bird discounts, which we'll get into here in a second. Again, also sending out an SMS on top of that, saying like, hey, sign up for early bird access to get a part of our early access sales.

And then on November 10th is when you'd follow up again on that email, ideally sending it out to people that haven't signed up or even have not opened up that email. So that way you get more signups that way. Week three is very simple because again, not much is happening there because it's not really that Black Friday week.

So here we're going to keep it simple to the main one being like our biggest sale of the year is coming. And here we want to have like a countdown of like when it's going to be happening. So if it's going to be happening on Friday, the 24th or the 23rd, you want to have like that countdown be to the 23rd.

Then we want to go ahead and send out a email on November 17th, telling people that it's the last chance to sign up for the early bird sale that's going to be coming on the Black Friday week and pairing that up with an SMS message that just goes over last chance for early bird sign up. Now, pretty straightforward, Nick. Good to go.

Yeah, dude, this is solid. I really like this. And just to clarify the lot like the early bird sell, this is just to get people sign up.

This is not the official day the early bird sell actually goes long. Yeah, that's going to be covering on the next slide. This is just to segment a specific list of people to participate in that early bird.

So not only are you getting more email engagement, which improves your deliverability, but you're also getting a higher pool of buyer intent customers. So you can based off this early bird list, you can kind of project what your sales are going to be during that early bird sale at least. Nice.

I love that. One other thing that I forgot to mention is during this like countdown email, one thing that you can do, I'm not going to go over it in this video, but you can set up a Google calendar invite notification. So they can add like your Black Friday sale to their calendar and they'll get more notifications leading up to that sale.

So it's kind of like more impressions that way. So I'd recommend setting that up as well. Now here is where the chunk of all the emails being sent out, which is week four Black Friday week.

So on November 20th is when you do early bird is live for 24 hours and you just have a 24 hour countdown from when you send out that email. So if it's on at 9am, it's going to expire at 9am on the 21st. And after that you send out early bird is live for one more hour.

So just pushing out that early bird sale again to like, Hey, this is scarcity. This is urgency. You need to, you know, if you want to still be a part of the early bird sale, just go ahead and make your purchase now within the next hour, or else that deal is over until Black Friday.

Again, following that up with an SMS with that same thing. And there on November 21st, we switched that pop up from early bird signups to the main Black Friday, Cyber Monday offer of like, Hey, sign up for Black Friday sales or be the first to be notified about Black Friday sales, discounts, offers, etc. Now this one, I haven't seen a lot of people use, which is kind of like an exclusive on November 23rd, which is Thanksgiving.

You obviously send out like a, Hey, happy Thanksgiving, but you send out a don't buy email. And this works really, really well, especially when it's sent out from like the founder of, Hey, don't buy anything today, because the sale is coming tomorrow. And we've seen this work really, really well, because not only shows a little bit more integrity on the side of the company, but also at the same time, it prepares people to be ready to buy the next day, which is when Black Friday is going to be happening.

Now, on Black Friday, November 24th, you want to send out three, you can send out the three of the same emails, but we do multiple sends on these high volume days, we send out, you know, Black Fridays live on at like 9am. And then we send out another email at 12 in the afternoon, and then another email like 5pm, because we want to maximize the amount of people that are going to be seeing these emails. And one thing that we also do is we segment all the people that have purchased out of these emails.

So if they purchased already, they're not going to get these, you know, the second or the third email following up on the initial sale. And obviously, you want to pair that up with one to two SMS messages as well. One in the morning, one in the afternoon to maximize the impressions there.

And email number nine, which is going to be on Saturday, November 25th, you just do Black Friday through the weekend, we're still having the sale go through today and tomorrow. So tomorrow is going to be the last chance for you to get the same exact offer. And then on 20 on the 26, which is Sunday, you just do Black Friday deals are almost over a few hours left, that sort of thing, you know, making the SMS message be sent out in tandem there and same message of like last chance for Black Friday deals.

So this is pretty much covering every single ground here on Black Friday. So you tracking with me, Nick here? Absolutely.

You know, I love this, especially to about sending out like three messages on Black Friday itself. I think a lot of people have been like, I don't know, a little weary about spamming people, but all the competitors are sending probably three times the amount of even the three X right there. So yeah, three is more than doable on a Friday itself.

But yeah, I like this a lot. Yeah, we have a client that we're sending out the triple send on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. So there's always going to be someone out there sending more emails than you.

But even here, you could use the same exact email, just change up the subject line. So that way, it's not like a follow up email on the same thread. And you're going to see a lot better performance that way.

Now coming up to a close here on week five, again, my bad didn't change that. But this is week five, November 27 is when you do a Cyber Monday sale, which is like, you know, Cyber Monday is live and you do a two times send. The only reason we do a two times send is instead of a three is because Cyber Monday is again, it's still good, but it's a little bit slower than Black Friday.

And at that point, most of the people that we're going to buy already bought through the weekend. So we don't want to pester them a little bit too much. Again, follow up with an SMS there as well on the same day on November 28, email number 12, you want to send out a follow up on Cyber Monday, this is just like another bump up, like, hey, Cyber Monday is still happening, we still have these deals going on.

And then lastly, on November 29, you do a last chance email. And this is the most important part when you say it's the last chance email, actually mean it and don't extend your sale because that's just going to ruin brand integrity. So again, last chance for Cyber Monday deals a few hours left insert a countdown timer there to add more urgency and scarcity and follow that up with SMS as well of again, last chance Cyber Monday deals are almost over.

Now that's pretty much it when it comes down to it, I'd say a few other things that you could do to improve and this is really a case by case situation with some clients, we have a few clients that are doing a product launch on this week as well to, you know, since people already in the buying frenzy, and they're in that buyer mindset, when you do a product launch, it's most likely going to do well because people are going to still buy it and they're still there. So if you can do a product launch during that week, do it. I highly recommend it.

If you can't, no worries, try to maximize it with these emails and SMS messages. I love the product launch. I think we have a few clients as well on the product launch the Friday after Cyber Monday.

And it's yeah, it's one of the most like psychological proven ways to get people to purchase again, after already spending a bunch of money with you on like discounts and stuff like that. So yeah, I'm super yeah, product launch strategy after a BFCM. No, absolutely.

I mean, I feel like this is pretty straightforward. But then again, I'm in email accounts every day, all day. So if any questions come up, just feel free.

And you know, let me know throw them in the comments, or whatever. Yeah, this is solid right here. I mean, I personally don't have any questions.

And you know, I'm not in email accounts every day. So with that being said, right there, I think you covered everything pretty solid, man. So this is this is very helpful.

And I'm gonna share some of the stuff with my team as well to make sure they're, they're all prepped on the email and SMS side right there. This is very solid, very helpful. I'm sure a lot of people appreciate this.

Is there any places where people can find you and also to if there's any discounts or anything like that, or hookups, you give in the audience as well? If they decide to book a call with you for some email and SMS help? Yeah, we provide a free email audit to most of our clients.

I say mostly because sometimes they run like a very cheap, Influenzia dropshipping store. So we don't really do those. But if you're a legitimate brand, we can do a thorough email audit for your entire system, whether it's email, SMS, your segmentation, your pop ups, etc.

You know, we handle it all and best place to find me is on Twitter with my name, my YouTube channel. And if you want, and you're interested in working together, just go to aspectagency.com slash book, A-S-P-E-K-T agency.com. Sweet, man.

Yeah, I'll drop all of Nikita's stuff as well. Description below in the comments below. So that way you guys can find them.

I've been known for a while. Yeah, solid, solid email and SMS guy refer and I'll speak about that to too many people. So but awesome, guys.

Thank you all so much. watching today's video and make sure you drop a like, comment below. If you have any questions from Nikita, he'll be there to answer a few for you guys.

And if y'all want more type of content like this, make sure you drop the likes and get this like, I don't know, maybe 70, let's do 75 likes. If we get 75 likes, we can do some more Black Friday content and specifically email content as well. We'll bring Nikita back on as well to kind of go over some more stuff.

So thank y'all for watching and y'all take care.