This little secret has added almost 50% revenue to Shopify stores that have implemented. It's not a Facebook ad trick. It's not a copy trick.

It's not an email marketing trick. It's actually quite unique. Something I've never laid my eyes on in the last 10 years of advertising until my buddy Anthony has shown it to me.

I'm like, holy shit, this is absolutely amazing. So if you run a Shopify store and you want to add almost 50% to your monthly revenue right now without changing a single ad, literally just flicking a few buttons. I know it sounds too good to be true, but promise you, promise you, you can literally hit that unsubscribe button from this YouTube channel.

Hit that big dislike button. If you do not get any value from this and don't think this will actually work for you. So with that being said, I want to introduce you guys to Anthony, good friend of mine.

And I mean, a fellow digital marketer is absolutely crushing it right now in the space with this little fellow, you know, little trick he has up his sleeve to add almost 50% revenue to your business. So that being said, let me introduce you guys to Anthony. So Anthony, I know, I know who you are and I know we've, uh, you know, we've met up a few times in Vegas, had some, had some drinks and everything and talked a lot of digital marketing and stuff.

But for the people who just found out who you are and just tuned into the YouTube, who exactly are you and what do you do? Yeah. Yeah.

Most definitely. We had some great times out in Vegas. Quick synopsis on me.

My name is Anthony Olheiser, uh, own a digital marketing company called AO Media. We've just essentially helped clients scale, um, focus on ads, uh, funnels, that kind of stuff. But where we really find our bread and butter is helping e-commerce stores, um, build out recurring revenue models and things like that to help, uh, make some more money and extend lifetime value.

Okay. When you say e-commerce stores, you talking mostly like Shopify stores, WooCommerce, um, specifically. Yeah.

Most definitely. Pretty much anyone who, who's not on Amazon, right? So Shopify, WooCommerce, it can be ClickFunnels, really anything like that.

Anything where you are actually controlling your store and your data. Um, that's, that's really where we specialize. Obviously not, not too much.

We can do over on that Amazon side or eBay side. Mm-hmm. Okay.

And you said like building out reoccurring revenue for the store, correct? Most definitely. Yeah.

Reoccurring revenue, money, money coming in every single month, subscriptions, every, that the name of the game right there is monthly recurring revenue. Yeah. And like the title says, guys, you know, this video is me specifically with some tactical advice on to help like this one little secret to help add some more revenue to your store.

And a lot of guys are looking for simple, easy tricks inside of the ad account, maybe the messaging or something like that. And Anthony here has a really unique solution with the reoccurring revenue, which, um, you know, me personally, when he first exposed it to me, I was like, this is absolutely like a no brainer at all for all of my clients. And, um, you know, it's been something I know you've worked with a few of them now and it's been like really great in that case right there.

Um, so going a little bit further, like why is reoccurring revenue? Um, you know, first off important and to like the immediately, the first thing I think of when I think of recurring revenue is like, oh wait, I don't have a recurring revenue product. You know, I don't sell a supplement subscription.

I don't sell a music subscription. Is this just for those type of products or is like, can anyone kind of leverage this, um, you know, basically tool? Yeah, most definitely.

Most definitely. So as far as the first question is like, why is this important? Right?

Like you, you and I know in our backgrounds in advertising, the hardest thing to do to scale business is to acquire customers, right? The easiest thing to do is get the customers that you acquired to come back again. Right.

And a lot of business owners, especially ones doing less than a million dollars a year, really just focused on acquiring more customers. Right. And what that like, they don't really have a backend.

It doesn't have, uh, the lifetime value and things like that for you to really scale up the store. Right. So what adding recurring revenue to your store does, it helps extend the lifetime value of your client, which extends the profit.

What also happens is not only, uh, are you creating more cashflow for your store, but you also your longterm valuation for your store is actually going to be going up because now you have subscription revenue coming in every single month, month over month, bringing in extra cashflow and extra sales. And so people, if you have the idea of actually wanting to sell, uh, sell your store later on, it actually helps, uh, increase the lifetime value or not, excuse me, the lifetime value, the valuation for that store. And then as far as question number two, like what, what, like, who is this for and stuff like that, what's really unique, uh, about our model.

It's a little bit different than what a lot of like e-commerce stores do. And I'm sure you work with a lot of customers too, who also do this. A lot of people do the subscribe and save model, right.

Where it's like, Hey, subscribe to my products, get 20% off, and we're going to ship it to you every single month. Right. That's, that's pretty much what everyone in the e-com and the e-com space does.

And there's a couple of problems with that, right. So what happens is you're actually going to be shipping a product to someone every single month. So they're actually going to be reminded that they're on a subscription every single month and to actually cancel if they're not properly consuming or renewing your product, right.

At that time. And then also what happens is you actually have smaller margins, right? Cause you're discounting your product to these people.

You're probably also giving them free shipping, but you also have cost of goods and labor to actually get that product out there to them. Right. So what's really unique about our model is, is we kind of modeled what the biggest companies in the entire world are doing like Netflix and Amazon, right.

So if you look at their business models, um, like what are they actually selling? Like with Amazon prime and Netflix, right? They're not, you didn't get anything when you signed up, like there's nothing physical that came to your door.

There's nothing like that because what they're selling you is access, right? And Netflix case, they're selling you access to watch content at whatever, like however much content or however little content as you want. Right.

Because if they're charging you for the content, then they would be charging you on the amount of content that they watched. Right. And then same thing with Amazon prime, like you pay 15, $20 a month and you're getting access to these products in the backend to get free shipping, uh, discounts and things like that.

But they're out there, they're paying subscription already to come and buy from you on the backend. And now what happens, it's out of sight, it's out of mind. And so what, what we were to do, or what we were able to do is, is really package that up and in a way where e-commerce stores can, can have a plug and play model to really incentivize and, and build this recurring revenue based on that thesis.

That's very interesting. I like how you take a different approach to retention because most people who look at retention, it's just like, okay, acquired this customer. Now what are other products that can immediately start upselling them on or, or selling them in that case right there?

And it provides more uncertainty in that case, because like, let's say for example, your clothing brand, then it's like, you almost have to keep launching new products to keep, keep getting customers to purchase. And you don't really know it might be 36, 30 day window. It might be a $29, uh, 29 day window.

It might be an 80 to a window before you're in that customer purchase again. Whereas you're basically saying is, Hey, we're setting up a subscription on your store, regardless of the store you're in, it could be clothing. It could be one product shops.

It could be, I don't know, you know, even some type of service or something like that. You're setting up a subscription to where they're getting access. Okay.

Now, when you say access, like, what do you mean by access? Same exact thesis as, as Amazon prime and Netflix, right? Like you're paying for access to these backend platforms to really consume, right?

And it's consume, whatever it is that that brand sells and Amazon's case, they sell products and content. So in the case of Amazon prime, you're coming into this members area. So, uh, quote unquote, and you're being able to consume content, uh, consume products at whatever for, for free shipping with VIP support and everything like that.

And what these brands, big companies figured out is what people are willing to pay for access, right? Cause like, you don't use your Amazon prime and your Netflix for a month. You're not mad about it, but you know, if you're shipping me supplements or clothes or things like that every single month, and I'm not consuming that on a regular basis, I'm immediately going to be canceling, right?

Like how long have you had your Amazon prime and your Netflix, right? Years. And you're always going to, right?

Cause it's out of sight, it's out of mind and simply the access to it is worth it, right? If you can provide good products and a good experience, it's really worth it in the consumer size. Interesting.

Okay. So you're basically saying pretty much any Shopify store right now, doesn't necessarily have to be your, your product you think would be set up on a subscription. Because it's not the product itself.

It's not like you're saying, Hey, I'm gonna set up a subscription for you to where, you know, you're going to get a pair of pants every month in the mail. That's not what you're saying. You're basically saying that, Hey, we're going to set up a subscription for your brand.

That's going to give people closer access almost with you in a sense, you know, almost like the, you know, students who, who joined my inner circle, basically, they, they get closer access to me in that case right there. And that's a subscription as well. So you're basically selling saying you're selling some access.

Are you open to sharing maybe a couple of like the benefits of having that access? Like what, what are the benefits of having that access? Like, was that into the consumer?

Absolutely. Like I said before, with the, with the standard recurring model, I like that a lot of these companies do, because they, we've already established, like, if you want to really scale your e-commerce store, the ones that make the most amount of money and have the ability to scale is the ones who can outspend their, their customers. Right.

And you can do that by building recurring revenue, extending the lifetime value. Right. So it's super, super necessary, obviously for you to, to need it and put it on there.

And, um, I totally forgot what your question was after that. So like, what are the benefits of me getting access? Let's say for example, you know, you set this up on my store and now I have this as my store.

What do my customers get now? What's the access? Absolutely.

So that's really whatever the store can come up with. So in some cases, our, our, our clients are doing VIP giveaways or VIP products, early access, free shipping, customer support, um, early, like, um, priority returns, early releases. I mean, things that don't cost you any money to really provide to these consumers.

And what makes our process really unique is we were able to package up the, this in a way to where it's almost financially in the consumer's best interest to, to join our memberships and join our partners access and things like that. And then obviously, uh, if our partners have great products and great experiences, these customers, again, because the psychology and the thesis of how the subscription works, people stay on for, for, for months, if not years. That's interesting.

Now, what are maybe some of the price ranges for these subscriptions? Like, you know, maybe one of your clients does $10 a month, maybe another client does $50 a month. Like what's some of the, the price ranges, but some of these subscriptions.

Absolutely. Absolutely. Um, so the bread and butter that we've really been able to see is, is we're big believers in duplicating successful actions like Amazon and Netflix.

These companies are already out there selling these kinds of things. So we're big believers in kind of modeling in between their price ranges. So we, when we started this out, it was a $12 price range.

We've had it all the way up to the $19 we've experienced and tested things over $20. And we have seen a drop off in churn, uh, anything over $20, but really we we've seen a sweet spot around 15, $20 range, uh, is, is really where that bread and butter is, um, for, for people to stay on, consume and actually find a lot of value for that, uh, membership. Yeah.

Now the reason why I asked that is because the people who are watching this video right now, just take however many orders you're doing on a daily basis. Maybe it's a hundred orders a day. Okay.

Let's just say, for example, 30 orders opt in 30% of people opt into the subscription. Okay. Yeah.

30 people now paying you $20 a month. One that's extra $600 a month in revenue, but two that's straight profit pretty much that they're paying. It's just literally a subscription for these bonus items and stuff like that.

Obviously you have to factor in those cogs and stuff like that, but for the most part, straight profit. Okay. Now that's $600 a month.

You're gaining every single day that you do a hundred orders a day and also assuming a 30% opt-in rate and also assuming you're doing it at $20. Now you will have a portion that declines going to the second month, but I'm pretty sure you have a pretty good stick rate as people stay on. Yeah.

Then bottle that over a year. And this is monthly revenue just coming in every month, little, no work, just boom, boom, auto building, everything like that. That definitely helps a lot with the retention side.

The customer lifetime value in that case right there. And like Russell Brunson preaches and everyone else, every very big successful company, the most who can acquire customer wins at the end of the day. So just imagine how much more you could spend on acquisition when you dial this in and it definitely helps out a lot with improving that overall revenue.

And I'll probably say this is like the easiest little trick you could possibly do. When Anthony originally showed us to me, I'm like, this is absolute no brainer at all. Okay.

Now I am curious, do you have a few case studies? Maybe you're willing to share some numbers to kind of show people what's possible with this? Most definitely.

I can show a quick little, little screenshot. Pull that up real quick. I got it in a slide deck here somewhere.

Here's just one of the slide decks that we use. That's not too much about it, but here's kind of like an example on, on some retention reports, as well as recurring revenue reports and things like that. As you can see, this store did about 2 million on the front end and we're able to almost tack on about 2 million straight on the back end of modeling with this exact thesis.

So it's definitely something that we have data on the churn. We have data on the take rates. Like you said, typically we can see anywhere between 30 to 50% take rates typically on these front ends, getting people onto these acquisitions based on how our current model and checkouts are built.

So yeah, like you said, 30 really on the, on the low end is something that we've been able to see just based on how our model has been working over the last two, three years of building this out, kind of really small scale for internal clients and just keeping it for, for myself on drop shipping stores and things like that. But yeah, so this is something over the last, over the last year, we've really been trying to package up and then obviously present out to, to the marketplace because this is something we do have data on and it works extremely well. Dude, that is absolutely amazing.

And for the viewers who currently watching this, this is not necessarily like an app they can go find the Shopify store. It's not like a service. They can just go online, type in a website and then boom and install it themselves.

This is actually something that they have to do with you. Correct? Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is a custom built solution that we pretty much put on the back end of these e-commerce stores.

We build out our custom checkout solutions, manage the products, everything like that. But yeah, this isn't a standard, something you can go put on Shopify. I definitely wish it was.

Now, just to rephrase it for everyone, just to make sure that you all understand, basically Anthony and his team come in place. They, you know, come in, they put you a new checkout in place just to include the subscription. Now they work with you to make sure the VIP or access the subscription access, the benefits for their customers and stuff like that.

And then pretty much from there, that's it. It's very smooth selling. Like I mentioned before, it's a no brainer.

And that's the only reason why I got Anthony to come on here, because I think it's just literally, it's a win-win in this situation for both, you know, you Anthony, and then also too, for the people that, you know, choose to work with you, because, you know, you do have a very good, like kind of structure and sense of like how basically people pay you. Cause I know you don't do this for free, but then to just seeing the impact it has on these accounts. It's like, I literally think every single Shopify store needs to jump on this.

And for the long time viewers, y'all know that, you know, I don't, I don't really preach much about other products or services. I only preach other products or services that I know work. That I have personal experience with, or have a lot of strong, you know, certainty.

And this is definitely one right here. So Anthony, I'll let you kind of go a little bit more into how people maybe want to potentially work with you. You know, if there's any special offers around that, tell people how, you know, how they can maybe get in contact and start working with you.

Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah.

Cause obviously I know, I know you got some real hitters that, that, that watch your channel people who are doing some real significant volume. Um, so for, for the next handful of people, we do have definitely have a special offer. Like, cause again, we're, we're so certain about how our process works and how we can help people add recurring revenue.

Um, for the next five people that come in and click the link in the bio, the, you guys can just fill out the little calendar information. Um, for the next five people that come across, if we can't add at least $10,000 a month in recurring revenue within 90 days to your store, uh, we'll refund you and give you a thousand bucks back for wasting your time. Cause again, we, we know this thesis works.

We know this model works as long as you're pushing some data, pushing some orders in through your store, which again, if you got Nick as your at a media buyer, I definitely know you're doing that. Um, but yeah, yeah, that that's, that's, that's, um, I guess that's it. If you click the link down below, check that out.

Um, obviously, you know, we're not going to be taking on everyone. Like I said, there's only going to be a select few, um, people for that. So, uh, yeah, that's about it.

Awesome. And you said, okay, so you said it's the next five people that book a call with you and your team. Um, if you don't add $10,000 to our monthly revenue within 30 days or 90 days with it, yeah, within 90 days.

So if we don't have 10 K a month of recurring revenue, not just revenue, if we don't add 10 K a month and recurring revenue coming in within the first 90 days of you guys launching our process and our system, we'll refund you and then pay you guys a thousand dollars for, for wasting your time. And that's amazing. So guys make sure I click the below book call with Anthony and his team.

And like I said, you know, he doesn't add $10,000 of reoccurring revenue to your business. Within the next 90 days, you get paid a thousand dollars for wasting your time. I love that, man.

That's, that's a solid offer right there. And like I said, guys, this is a no brainer offer here in terms of like how it's structured to the business. Um, obviously if you've been watching my videos a lot, you know, I've been preaching retention really hard.

And if you're someone that's still struggling with retention, this is like the easiest way possible to just to get started with it. Um, absolutely amazing offer. Um, Anthony, before we close out, is there any last words from you?

Anthony? Nothing too, nothing too crazy. Uh, just looking forward to speaking with some of the guys, um, and gals that fill out that application, um, and seeing what we can do for, for some of your viewers and your audience.

Amazing. Well, Anthony, it was great having you on today. Uh, like I said, guys, link is below be in the description and the comments and, uh, Anthony, thank you for coming on today, man.

Awesome, brother. Appreciate you. Thank you.