This secret is something that 99% of marketers are not talking about and it's the number one thing that we focus on to profitable Facebook ads, okay? This is something you probably will never ever think about and it's also too one of the secrets we've been able to leverage to do over $50 million with Facebook ads inside of our agency. So if you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Terrio.

We're a Facebook ads agency. I also mentor and coach students. So two links below to find out more about that.

I've done over $50 million in line revenue with Facebook ads. And before we get started, make sure to like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video.

So today we'll be talking about market desire. And this is something that I haven't seen anyone cover specifically in the Facebook ads niche. And I would love to share this with you guys, okay?

So market desire is, and essentially if we look at the screen and we see that there's a little raft right here, okay? There's a little raft and they got these raging rapids and this particular raft right here, they don't need a paddle at all. They're just flowing down the mountain, down this little stream, okay?

Whatever you want to call it. In that case right there, the paddles are out, but they're just using it just to, you know, kind of steer the boat, okay? But they don't have to do any work because the water is moving.

It's rough. It's flowing downstream, okay? This is market desire right here.

This is market desire, the water. Your ad is the boat. So your objective, if you want to go down a mountain and your objective is to find the water that's flowing down the mountain, okay?

Because then you have to do little to no work and it takes your ad off, okay? So that's the goal with desire. That's why it's so important.

It's one of the key fundamentals to start looking at even before you even touch the ad account, before you start creating your copy, creating your creatives. This is one of the key researching things you need to figure out before start to build your ads, okay? Now, let me show you this raft, all right?

I know it's blurry, but this particular raft right here, it's in a very steel body of water, okay? People are actually having to row the boat, it's a lot more work, and they're barely going anywhere, okay? So this is where desire is not leveraged correctly, okay?

This is when you have the wrong desire. You're choosing a desire that just doesn't move the boat for your brand. So your objective here is to find the desires across your market that are your rapid water, okay?

And I've seen this play out so many different times inside of my agency where we have the wrong desire, we change the desire, then all of a sudden, the ad account just blows up, okay? So this is what you want to look for across your market. Getting it all comes down to research, it all comes down to understanding your consumer, okay?

This is not done in that account. This is not, you know, something you magically deploy inside of your creative or magically deploy in your copy. This is something you do deep research to figure out what are your desires across your market.

Again, this is hopes, this is dreams, fears, goals, wants, needs across your market, okay? Again, how does this affect Facebook ads? This determines your ads from being profitable and smashing through revenue barriers or floating lifelessly calling 911, okay?

And this is the backbone of everything else that is built off inside of your ad, okay? Again, this is the spinal cord and aspect right there that makes up the rest of your body, okay? It's the central highest thing you can do to be profitable or not with your Facebook ads.

And just to show you right here, a few clients that's actually leveraged desire correctly. So men's clothing brand, desire just to look confident, desire to feel good, desire to stand out, things like that. And we've done $5 million in revenue with $1.2 million in spend.

So another brand right here, they had a desire for purchasing a gift for Christmas where it did $6 million in revenue with $1.7 million in spend. Now, again, what is desire? Desire is to hope, streams, fears, wants, needs, problems, things like that of your market, okay?

Now, desire makes your market. It's a big thing right there. Desire is already amongst your market, okay?

You cannot create desire, okay? I want to make sure you understand that. You cannot create desire, okay?

But you can channel desire. Channel just means you can build an ad that reflects that particular desire. It's already in market.

It's a channel that desire onto your product. The wrong desire was substantially weak in your scaling potential. If you have the wrong desire, like you're the person that's stuck at $50, $100 a day.

I've even seen people spending $10,000 a day of the wrong desire, and we changed that and they're spending $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a day in Facebook ads, okay? So the objective here is to first determine your desire and desires. There's not just one desire across your market.

There's a couple different ones across your market, which I'm going to show you an example in a second too as well. Now, how is desire applied to your product? So for example, desire to make money, okay?

Let's just say, for example, I have a desire to make money, all right? The desire to make money can be solved hundreds of different ways, okay? I could start a local car wash business.

I could invest into stocks. I could get a new job. I could start a Facebook ads agency.

So when you're looking at the market desires, this is how I'm saying it's not pertaining to your product. It pertains to the outcome of your product, okay? All of these businesses have a desire to make money, okay?

They all feel, you know, the desire to make money, okay? So just put that perspective. And just to show you some ad examples, all of these ads right here have a different product, different mechanism, but all have the same desire of weight loss, okay?

So that's really big here to look at. Now, the next thing is that you want to find the mass desire of your market. So again, you can have multiple desires across your market.

That's the biggest thing that you need to understand, okay? And not every desire is going to have the same market size, okay? So here's four desires.

One, two, three, four, okay? Which one is the biggest? Desire number two, okay?

Which is the smallest? Desire number one. So if I'm selling in a niche with a desire number one market size, I'm going to be limited.

And I'm going to start thinking of something else in the ad account, or if I just switch desires, I'm going to have a much larger market size, okay? So very simple. Now, there's permanent desires, which is like sex appeal, keeping health in check, make money.

This is basically just desires that are always going to stay with this, but at times will be stronger and lower at different times. So like, for example, desire to get attention from someone else might be substantially stronger after a breakup, okay? Whereas desire to get attention from someone else will be substantially lower if you're having a bunch of friends around you, you're confident, and you know, you have your wife and stuff like that.

You still, you have a natural desire for that. It's just be a lot lower because you can easily get it fixed around you, okay? Keeping health in check.

This is desire to like eat good food, go to the gym, things like that. You know, make money. We're always going to want to make money like this.

We tie money now to a finance to basically, we tie money to our survivability. Now, if you don't have any money, your, you know, survivability substantially goes down. Whereas if you have a lot of money, your survivability substantially goes higher, okay?

This is one right here where we did, you know, another account where we leveraged the ambulance insurance, which is kind of goes around the desire to protect financials. So if your desire is to make money, you also have a desire to save money, okay? Or not necessarily save money, protect your money.

Like if you want to make more money and someone came and charged you $20,000 and you only have $20,000 in your account, you'll freak out. So we leveraged a desire to protect financials from unexpected large expense, which is more just protect financials. That's the desire.

And then we used the product was ambulance insurance. We did $25 million in revenue with 4.5 million to spend. So the other desires are trending desires, okay?

Now trending desires is like buying a Valentine's Day gift for a loved one. You know, it just happens here and there. Like you're not, you know, you don't really have a permanent desire to keep buying gifts 24 seven, buying the latest new TV.

So recently I had a desire to buy a new TV. Okay. I was playing call of duty.

It's sitting too far away from my TV. TV is too small. I desire to buy a new TV so I can play better call of duty so I can have a better time with my friends so I can enjoy myself, have some fun.

Okay. Take a trip to a new place. I went to a ski trip in Colorado about two weeks from now.

And you know, I just have a desire to go snowboard. It's a trending desire because I'm gonna go snowboard. And then after that, I'll be done with it.

Okay. Desire comes and goes. Okay.

I'm not going to have a weak desire all year to go snowboarding, but I will have sprouts of periods of time of the year where I will want to go and, um, you know, desire like to go snowboard. Okay. Just to show you right here, purchase a gift for Valentine's day gift.

Uh, we did, you know, 900 K in revenue with, this is actually 300 K in spin. And you can see the bottom account right here. So no, I'm not fucking with you between January 10th and February 14th.

We position our product to be a perfect gift for Valentine's day. And from January, I think this is like the 14th right here, January, something like that. Um, you can see as desire got stronger across the market, we were able to spend substantially more in the ad account and make substantially more revenue overall.

Okay. Now how to determine desire, obviously, you know, you want to go and do market research and stuff like that. And then you want to create you a sheet like this.

Like, look, I'm not even giving this as a template because it takes two fricking seconds to go in a Google sheet, label four columns, this, and then go fill this out. Okay. So desire to make more money.

And then what you want to do is you want to actually, you want to pretend you're talking to someone. So like, let's say for example, if you're talking, I'm talking to you. Okay.

And you tell me, Hey Nick, I want to make more money. I'd be like, all right, you know, Jack. So why are why?

So, and then you, you as Jack, so I can work less and I'll be like, Hey, why? So I can spend more time with my family. Why?

So I can be president of lives and watch them grow up. Okay. So you really want to dig deep and that's how you're going to find more motivators of why they want to have that mass desire.

Okay. So this is like the main desire in the market. And these are the different things we can speak to inside of that ads.

Okay. Earlier I said, I desire to buy new TV. Okay.

Cool. Why? You know, so I can play better call of duty so I can enjoy my time with my friends.

So I can, you know, whatever. Okay. Now again, this all comes from market research.

Go watch YouTube videos on your, your market. Go look at the comments on YouTube videos. Look at your Facebook ad comments, look at social media sites of competitors and comments, look at competitor ad libraries and websites, look at Amazon listings and reviews.

So get Reddit, just go to Google, Google. And let's say, for example, if I'm buying a new TV or like I sell TVs, then I'm going to go and just start typing in, you know, TVs on Google. All right.

I started digging deep on that. Um, if I'm watching YouTube videos, I'm going to search up, you know, TV reviews. Okay.

And just start, just start going through the process of, of really understanding your market. Now, how do you apply desire to your ad? Okay.

So your desire applies to your ad again, the ad channels, the desire onto your product. Okay. So your ad essentially like, like imagine a, you know, a bridge, okay.

A bridge gets you from, you know, one solid piece of land to the other solid piece of land. And then there's usually maybe a body, body of water or some shit like that. Okay.

Your ad is the bridge that connects your market's desire to your product. Okay. And that bridge channels traffic to the other side.

Okay. That's how I want you to think about it. So let's say for example, we have a desire for weight loss.

Okay. So let's look at this ad right here. Okay.

First off, let's just look at the Facebook creative headline. All right. So three months and I'm the same size as I was in my twenties.

So that particular headline would speak to a desire of weight loss. Okay. Next one, shed the excess weight in 90 days or your money back.

Again, it speaks to that desire of weight loss. Now what's the body copy took pro vitalize for three months and finally shed the stubborn weight around my waist with no changes to my diet. Again, weight loss.

Okay. So they built their ad, their headline and their body copy all to fit the desire for weight loss. Okay.

Now, how can they better articulate that desire? Well, they could show up before and after again, that's not legal on Facebook, but let's just say, for example, there was no legalities on anymore on Facebook, but I'll be sure before and after you could show, um, you know, maybe like a, uh, like a small waist, just small waist. You could showcase a girl who looks really good and really good in shape and stuff like that.

All those different things like that would help also speak to that specific desire. Okay. So again, desire is really important right there.

Now, how do you test different desires? So this essentially comes back down. Like I don't sit down and like, Hey, I think my market has a desire of weight loss.

I'm going to actively do research to figure out the desires across my market and fill this sheet out. And this sheet might be 20, 30 different desires in here. Okay.

So, and then what I'll do is, is I'll pick the desires that have the, I feel like have the largest market size. And then I'll go ahead and just start creating one ad concept around each specific desire. Here's a really good video for you to watch that shows you how we test our concepts, how we speak to specific desires or just how we test ad concepts.

And then like I said, I would do one ad step around each desire. So yeah, so that's desire. Again, this is something super, super powerful.

That is the highest leverage thing you can do is have an ad account to make the most money, because if you have the wrong desire, you're going to be a boat floating lifelessly in a water getting nowhere. But if you have a strong desire, you can literally just put your boat on the water and the water is going to take it off. Okay.

That's how we channel that aspect right there. So getting the highest leverage thing you can do, find research, your market, figure out the desires of your market, create a few ad concepts around each desire, test them, the ad account, obviously the ones that perform the best is going to be your main desires across the market. Thank you guys so much for watching.

Again, I run a Facebook ads agency, done over $50 million online revenue, Facebook ads. I'm also coaching mentor students. Click the links below one for have Nick Theriot run your ads or two have Nick Theriot mentor you in that aspect right there.

So thank y'all for watching. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll see you guys later. Peace.