Today, we'll be going over the number one strategy for BFCM, Black Friday, Q4, whatever you want to call it. I've used this strategy now to be my fourth year in a row. I've used it for three years in a row with amazing success for my clients.

And today I want to show you that exact strategy. I actually had the opportunity to present the exact presentation you guys are going to see today. Back last year in 2022 at Jeremy Haynes' Q4 Mastermind in Miami, where they had people anywhere from a couple hundred K to doing $10 million a month that were able to listen to this live.

And I'm actually going to be going through that exact same slideshow. I made some tweaks and stuff for 2023 and be showing you step by step. So let's just look really quick at BFCM 2019.

This was my first ever BFCM. Signed the client, we went into BFCM, and I prepped a couple days before BFCM, where we went in and I was just like, hey, let's run 20% off. And that's all we did.

And look, this was in a client account that they were doing about $2,000 a day in revenue. And we were able to do about almost $13,000 a day or $13,000 total over Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Monday, it's about four days. So it's about $3,000 or $4,000 a day in revenue for this particular client.

So phenomenal for that particular day. Now, going into 2020, we were able to do $69,000 in two days, which is also phenomenal. And it's actually that same brand from 2019.

We grew it drastically over a year. Now, let's see, hold up. And then, yeah, we spent about $13,000 in ad spend for that $69,000 in two days.

Now, I'll go into why we were only able to do $69,000 in two days in a little bit, but actually shifting over into 2021, we were working with a completely different brand. And this particular brand came to me and said, Nick, we never did a million dollars in a month. Our biggest month yet has been $300,000.

And we want to do something crazy. So we did $734,000 in seven days for this particular brand. And you can see more right here.

We did $83,000 in ad spend for this brand in 2021. Now, in 2022, for a completely different brand, we did 3.3 million at a 3.79 return on ad spend. And you can see right here, we start working this brand in August.

You can see August, September, October, November, December. So just between August and December, we did $6 million, $1.6 million in ad spend, 3.63 return on ad spend. And I have a full deeper video on this.

If you go on my YouTube channel and look up my $8 million Black Friday, I have a deeper video telling everything that was into this. Now, you might be wondering how to actually achieve these types of results. And I'm actually going to dive straight into the strategy here.

So first off for BFCM, there's three core parts. There's the list building part, there's the teasing part, and then there's basically the BFCM launch. And we'll be covering all three of these key things because they're essential for a successful Black Friday, Cyber Monday.

And the key things you need to prepare, goal, what do you want to make for BFCM? The offer specifically that you want to run for BFCM, 20% off, buy two, get one free, free gift with a purchase of whatever, all those key things. Inventory.

How much inventory do you need to hit your goals? This is also something super important right here. See a lot of people that don't simply prepare the inventory they need to hit the performance for, you know, like BFCM.

And then the execution side. This is also super important right here of how to actually specifically do these things key by key. So first one is goal.

How much do you want to make in Q4? This is really important right here. You can look at it from a few different perspectives.

You can look at it Friday through Cyber Monday. You can look at it as a whole October 1st through January or December, like 30th or 29th and of Q4 specifically. So depending on how you, how you want to look at it, but the goal here is how much do you want to make?

And let's say for example, you want to make a million dollars. All right. So you want to make a million dollars in Q4 or BFCM.

You want to do a million dollars over that weekend. First question after you is how much, um, or what offer are you going to run? So if you're 50% off and you want to do a million dollars, well, realistically you actually need, uh, like $2 million worth of inventory because you're running at 50% off, which is going to make you a million dollars in sales.

That's the first thing. Then the next thing is how much retail inventory is there's retail inventory. Um, I forgot how it is.

It's, it's retail inventory and then like wholesale inventory, or I forget the names, but like basically like you need a million dollars worth of sales. So like what you sell that price in a market, which I think is retail price. And then you have like, uh, your wholesale price, which is like how much in terms of like, uh, actually like what it cost you, like if it costs you a $5, a t-shirt and you need 300 t-shirts, well, that's going to be about $1,500 worth of wholesale inventory.

Um, I forget the exact names for it, but again, work backwards. Hey, we're doing a 50% offer. So that means we need about $2 million of actual retail sales volume.

And then from there to make $2 million worth of sales, we need to sell 5,000 t-shirts or 10,000 t-shirts. So that means we're going to need about $50,000 worth of inventory for Q4 to make that. You also got to keep in mind odd sizes.

Uh, you know, if you have a million dollars worth of inventory and it's all equally split, you might have some sizes that does not sell well at all. Same thing for colors. You might not have certain colors that might not sell well, and this all becomes issues.

You want to make sure it's like things, you know, sell of that particular amount of inventory and then work backwards. Again, if we're going to do a million dollars worth of, uh, sales for Q4 and at what ad spend do we need? So let's say for example, we want to have a target of 4X return on ad spend.

Not really a big fan of setting robust targets, but it's easier for this particular video, uh, without having to dive deeper into like CPA and stuff like that. So if we want a 4X ROAS at a million dollars worth of sales, that means we need to spend $250,000 over the course of Q4, over the course of BFCM. However, you are looking at it in terms of like your goals and stuff like that.

Next thing is offers. This is also super important right here. And we're going to run about four key offers for BFCM or Q4.

The first one is your Black Friday Cyber Monday offer, which is going to run from Friday, November 24th through Monday, November 27th. Then you have your new drop. So one of the best ways to get people to buy from you again, after they just spent a lot of money with you is dropping a new release, a new collection.

So we'd like to run this Friday, December 1st, which is basically a couple of days after BFCM. We tell everyone who just purchased from us, Hey, guess what? We're offering, um, new collection.

And just for the people that specifically purchased from us this past weekend, we're giving you guys 10% off as a thank you. Just the people that purchased from us. We're going to promote this throughout all of our email, SMS ads and everything like that.

But just the people that purchased from us from BFCM, we're going to give them an extra 10% off this new collection. Now, next thing is your Christmas offer. And this is basically your, you know, basically buy before Christmas, um, buy and get it before Christmas.

A lot of people like to run this, uh, this Monday, December 4th, and you can pretty much run it all the way up to Christmas. Obviously make sure you turn off the things on your website that says buy and get before Christmas. Once your shipping cutoff happens, cause you don't want to be unethical and try to tell people, Hey, you're gonna get before Christmas.

And if you don't get it, then the next thing is the new year drop where this basically same thing, like black Friday, we launched a new year, a new drop where after black Friday, get people to buy again. People have just witnessed sales events after sales events and like all of this key things. So we don't want to introduce another sale.

For a new year, they want brand new stuff. So again, another time to launch a new product, new collection, things like that, and drastically new creatives as well. And then we're going to look at bad offers versus good offers.

So for a bad offer, spend 50 bucks, get 10% off, spend a hundred dollars, get 15% off, spend $200 and get 20% off. The problem with this is that it's complicated to understand. Then there's discount codes, use code BFCM.

People mess up with trying to type in codes. It doesn't work. And then they also forget what the code is.

Then there's good offers, simple, automatically discounted, irresistible. To be honest, buy two, get one free, $10 off the whole store, 10% off the whole store, free gift of a purchase. These just work well.

Everyone does them, but they work. And that's why people do it. Next thing we're going to go back to is our inventory.

We're going to go over this one more time real quick. Now, I know we already kind of went over this, but just to make sure that people understand BFCM goal, $200,000. We're on a 50% offer.

Then that means we need to have about $400,000 worth of actual retail value needed. And also, like I said, keep in mind from bestseller sizes and colors and stuff like that. Now, keep in mind what I said earlier about the $69,000 in two days.

And the reason why we're only able to scale for two days is because that sales dramatically dropped because this client launched dramatically different clothing and they didn't really have many bestsellers. So they sold out their bestselling products within two days and they stocked up their inventory full of things that were new, just new stuff that, and not just new, drastically different than everything else they've sold on their website. And what happened was, is that the new things did not take off because they were so different than what their audience was used to.

And after their bestsellers ran out, we had to pull back on AdSman because performance dipped dramatically. So very important there. Don't drop brand new products that you've never launched before.

If you are going to drop new products, do something that you know is going to work. Don't go dramatically different. All right.

Now you can do dramatically different after BFCM, but make sure you have stuff, you know, that works in sales for BFCM to essentially hit that, uh, you know, sales goal you have for BFCM. Now we're going to talk about the execution side and for BFCM, the more list building you do, the more profit you make. People buy from your list for BFCM.

And that's the biggest thing we need to focus on building your list as much as possible. You're going to have more people that repeat purchase from you on BFCM for 90% of you guys watching than cold people. Cold people is not really a time for BFCM.

Yes, you can still do really good for BFCM for cold people. And like 10% of you guys are also going to do really good for BFCM for cold, but most people it's all about getting people to probably get from them for BFCM. And then we want to tease the offer.

We want to look at our launch structure and we'll look at our creatives we need to crush. So let's focus on list building first and we'll dive into the other key things. So first thing is your customer acquisition side that we're going to focus on.

And this is where we try to acquire as many customers as possible through the month of August, September, and October. So that way we have a lot more customers to repeat purchase from us in November because we've acquired so many people. A lot of our brands right now are spending at almost close to break even right now.

And we're allowing for bad performance across August, September, and October because it's building up more people to purchase from us again in November and us have a bigger Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Another thing is Facebook groups, Discords, Telegram. If you have any groups like this, also another place to leverage for list building.

Great time now to do more like organic collaborations, giveaways and stuff like that on organics. To build up that organic following as much as possible, influencer partnerships and things like that. And then you have your email and email or SMS and email, which how can we get more people subscribe to our email list and more people subscribe to our SMS list?

You know, maybe we need to go find a product right now that actually has relevance to our brand and do a free plus shipping offer. And we can build up a whole bunch of email and SMS off of that as well. Now, I want to talk to you guys about this movie real quick.

You may or may not have seen this movie before. And if you've never seen this movie before, I highly recommend you checking it out. So we look at BFCM like a party, like a music festival.

I've personally never been to a music festival. I really want to go to Ultra Music Festival in Miami. I'm really big.

It's like EDM and stuff like that. And you want to look at how these people market these festivals to get as many people as possible to book it. They showcase how amazing the party is.

They showcase how, you know, the celebrity style be there. They'll showcase the music artists. They'll be there.

They'll showcase the food and the gifts and all these door prizes and stuff like that. They showcase all these cool things that happen. And that's how we want to strategize for our Black Friday.

We want to make it this really, really, really, really fun event. Just unlike fire, we actually want to deliver. If you know, you know.

So the art of a successful BFCM is in the tease. How well we tease it. That's how we get as many people as possible on the edge of their seats before the big event.

And this is how we were able to do $46,000 in one hour on November 22nd, 2021 for one of our brands. We did $109,000 in one day for BFCM and we were able to do $46,000 of that specifically in one hour. And here's how we do it.

So 14 days before BFCM, we launched Facebook lead farm campaigns. So just the Facebook lead farm campaigns to acquire email and SMS. We also create a landing page that we can share for our email subscribers, influencers, and social followings to drive traffic to this landing page for people to opt in.

And we basically just want to say, you know, BFCM VIP. And basically what we're going to do is we're going to direct all of these leads and SMS between the Facebook side and the landing page side, all to a email list inside of Klaviyo called BFCM. This will actually be 2023 VIP.

So we want to build up this list as much as possible. And we did all warm traffic plus broad targeting. So this is actually from 2022.

I mean, 2021, I didn't update it yet. But in 2022, we went straight for broad targeting. So for you're building up your VIP list building and lead generation on Facebook itself, I'm doing broad targeting this year for it all.

So that means I'm not targeting a specific group because I know Facebook's going to target people that are warm and aware of the brand. That's up to you guys. You guys can do warm traffic if y'all want.

But me personally, I'm doing broad targeting. That's age, gender, and location. Now, here's an example right here of what that VIP list building ad looks like.

And simply all we're doing here is saying, hey, sign up to our VIP list and get access to deals up to 65% off and 24-hour early access to our BFCM sale. We're showcasing the fact that, hey, you can get up to 24-hour early access. And what we want to stress here is that we're going to do an early launch for the BFCM sale, 24 hours early.

So basically Thanksgiving day if you're in the USA. And what we're going to do is we're going to highlight the fact that, hey, you can get early access because we're going to be sold out by time the main event happens Friday. So it's important you get to this VIP access.

That's the key. That's what we want to push. And you can see right here, just what one of the ads look like.

You can see right here, it's not calling out what we sell or how we sell it or what makes us better. We just want to state the offer. And it's going to target that aware group of people.

And it's only going to resonate with people that are aware of the brand. And you can see right here, email, phone number, and that's it. That's the ad we run.

Again, we like to offer early access 24 hours. What we'll do is we'll go on Shopify and we'll do a passcode lock on the Shopify. That's where you can passcode it.

And then we'll just type in a simple passcode, you know, BFCM. And then we'll push that out to our people through email and SMS. Now, a couple other things I like to do with this is I also like to call off the fact that, hey, for the first hundred people, because again, we want to try to get as many people as possible to the website and be one of the first hundred people to purchase.

So we like to say is, hey, the first hundred people get X. This could be a further discount. This could be a dollar amount off.

This could be a free product. I recommend free product. That's what's converted the best for us.

So the first hundred people get a free exclusive t-shirt that's never coming back to the website that purchase. Then something else that's really, really, really, really powerful that's worked well for us is calling out the fact that there's over 4,000 people that subscribe to the list and there's only a thousand items in inventory. So we're saying that we're going to sell out fast and you need to be there quickly.

And we'll do this through email, SMS before the event as we hype people up. And here's some other stuff that we do to hype people up. I can see right here, this is another video right here of which, you know, we just basically having like this content creator.

I was actually the brand owner right here specifically filming this video. And she's just going over to fact and telling people about the offer as well. Why do you need to sign up VIP access and all that?

Here's also some other just like things we did. Alphalete is really big with this as well. If y'all follow Alphalete, I'm a big fan of them as well.

They have all their influencers. Try on the clothing, talk about the clothing, tell, say like how you can get it, what's the discount and everything like that before Black Friday as well. Another thing you can do to showcase the products that's on for sale.

And this is that list building, the one basically saying, hey, that there's X amount of people on the list and that, you know, you need to act quickly for this event right here. That's all key things there. Now, actually going back to more of the list building side.

Look, to be honest, we like about a dollar to $2 CPL at max when it comes on to Facebook side of ad spend. And you can take your total email revenue divided by your total emails. They'll tell you how much money you get on average per like email and then divide that by four for like a four, four X ROAS.

And I'll give you your target CPL. And it's simply you just want to increase or decrease spend based off of that right there. So, and I want to kind of move forward a little bit faster because there's some other cool stuff I want to show you guys.

Also too, don't forget to leverage like email, organic and influencers. And that's where you want to push since you can't push a lead form using like influencers, email and organic. That's where you want to drive traffic to that landing page.

Just use like ClickFunnels, buy a domain and then drive traffic to it and then kick back those emails to that Klaviyo list. You want to continue building up that Klaviyo list that says BFCM and it's actually be 2023 email and SMS list. So now we're going to move over to the launch structure and this is the exact launch structure.

In fact, I actually updated this for 2022. So exact launch structure we did in 2022. So we're going to do one CBO campaign, one ad set, broad targeting and all ads in one ad set.

You can see right here, I leave my evergreen campaigns on. I don't touch my evergreen campaigns. You can see right here during November 25th through November 28th, which was 2022 for BFCM.

We left both campaigns on during this time and they both spent about $25,000. So we do not turn off our evergreen campaigns for BFCM. We let them run as well.

And then on the side of that, we launch our Black Friday campaigns, which again is a one campaign, one ad set with all of the ads in one ad set. We do not have time to sit there and do DCT testing. So we just launch everything at once.

And here again, further proof we did public access right here. We did do broad targeting last year. I was tempted to do like social engagement and stuff like that.

So I did turn it off. I ran it for like a day and that turned it off because I want to go all the more broad targeting because I'm confident that's all you need is broad targeting. And then you can see right here, here's our broad targeting is for the specific client.

Obviously location will be just age, gender location. So if you're targeting USA, USA, this particular account was targeting Belgium and Netherlands. So we targeted Belgium and Netherlands here.

And then here we put all of our ads in one ad set. That's it. Variety of different creatives, which I'll show you the exact creatives you need in here in a second.

And all very short, straight to the point ad copy, which again, we'll get here to a second. So next thing is to look at the launch budget you need. So my thing that of running for Black Friday style, my biggest thing is that it's easier to set a larger budget and scale down for BFCM than it is to set a small budget and scale up for BFCM.

So for example, if you want to do $200,000 over BFCM, that's four days or five days, then that means we are four days. So, or yeah, I don't know, $200,000 in revenue, five extra robots. That's our target for the weekend.

We do $200,000 divided by five, that's $40,000 total. So I'll start my daily budget at $10,000. Now, if you've never spent more than $100 in your ad account, don't try to do something crazy like this.

Try to do, you know, I typically see people do about 2X their normal sales. So if you normally do 300K a month, you'll probably do about 600K during Black Friday. So try to just look at a 2X jump in terms of like revenue on a monthly basis.

And then what I'll do is I'll look at ad accounts and compare overall revenue to spend for about three times a day. 8 AM, I'll check it, 4 PM, I'll check it at 12 AM is when I'll make my final adjustments for the day based off like the previous day performance, which would be basically this, these times right here. And then I'll need our increase spin a little bit more or decrease spin a little bit more.

I'll be more aggressive too. Like if we're crushing, I might do a hundred percent jump in one day. I've done that plenty of times as well.

All right. And then for creative side right here, best performing ads with BFCM banner. That's one thing we like to do.

So take your evergreen ads and just put a BFCM banner on it, solid graphics with texts, literally just a solid graphic and put BFCM 2022, whatever you want to put short 2d animations. I don't really do many of these, but I've seen some brands do well with it. And then brand new content from content creators or photo shoots, photos and videos specific to BFCM.

So this is one of our brands right here that we run ads for. I'm see right here, just a solid 2d graphic. This was a fresh video right here, shot specifically for BFCM right here.

This is a great example right here of taking a best performing ad and just putting a black Friday sale, another brand we run ads for. And you can see right there, we just put our black Friday banners on there. And then another key thing here is that you want to schedule all of your black Friday, cyber Monday ads a week before there's a lot of issues with, you know, ads can't publish server errors and things like that for BFCM to where like, you know, basically people are struggling to upload things because Facebook is so slow.

So make sure you schedule all your week ads out a week before. I mean, you upload everything in the ad account a week before, but just schedule things out to go live on BFCM. And then lastly, just recap and evolve the creative you need teasing the often, which again, I have like basically like all the stuff right here.

So like teasing the often will be like you're teasing offers and stuff like that. Teasing often you need six creatives around that focus on very different creatives. I didn't really touch on the copy real quick, but you'll notice that it's all short and straight to the point.

People that buy from you for BFCM are people that already know you are already love you and everything like that. So we're just simply calling out our offer. The more texts, the longer the texts, the more distracting it is.

We want to be short and straight to the point. And that's key. So often six creatives, focus on very different creatives, countdown before launch, six creatives, six to 12 creatives for BFCM, drop them all in one ad set at once.

Post BFCM drop, that's that new drop again, about six unique creative, your Christmas offer, six unique creatives, and then your new year's drop around six new creatives as well. And then lastly, don't forget about your website banners, all your organic content, promoting BFCM, emails for BFCM and influencer content. You want to get all of this prepared.

And now start preparing this like everything should be pretty much done by November 1st. So October is a lot of just BFCM push and making sure everything is good and ready to go. So hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And yeah, guys, great challenge you guys. Take care.

Peace.