Today, I will be talking about the most important thing that I could possibly talk about when it comes down to the success with Facebook ads, the individual habits that have allowed me to generate over a hundred million dollars in revenue for my clients. Something that you can start taking action on right after watching this video. What's going on guys?

Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault. And if you're new to your channel, we're in a Facebook ads agency, coaching mentor people as well, all that good stuff.

Links are below for that. And I've also done over a hundred million dollars in revenue for clients with Facebook ads. And today I want to talk about something that I don't see anyone, at least that I personally follow in the Facebook ad space and that I know who you guys watch as well has never really talked about this at all.

And that is the habits of a successful marketer. The reason why I want to talk about the habits of a successful marketer, it's because your daily habits, the actions you do on a daily basis, when it comes down to Facebook ads and marketing is what you see three to four weeks down the line as outcomes. Outcomes is your ROAS.

It's how much you can spend on Facebook ads. It's finding winning ads. All of these things are outcomes based off the habits of today.

And I usually see about three to four week, I would say timeline of like the bullwhip effect, which you start doing today takes time to eventually pop, you know, kind of like a bullwhip. You start off, you do that bullwhip. It does a small little wave right here.

And at the end, it's that big wave that's like kits. So the reason why I want to talk about this is because I see so many people, specifically students as well, coach and mentor about 130 students on a monthly basis. I see this all the time and that the habits they are currently doing pretty much fucked when they're coming into the program.

So four habits that I do repeatedly on a daily basis, you can set you up a, you know, Google calendar notification to remind you on a daily basis to do these things. There's also like other apps as well that you can get on your phone. You can also get super simple with just a Google sheet as well to track your, your time you've done these particular habits right here.

But there's four key habits that have created that 80 20 rule basically means to 20% of the time I spend on something and that creates 80% of my results. And these are the four habits that have easily allowed me to do multiple, multiple, multiple seven figures and revenue with Facebook ads for clients and, you know, help my students as well. So the first habit on a daily basis, I like to do, I like to do this more in the morning itself is focusing on the research side of Facebook ads.

So research, I'll give you an example, working with this new client right now and has a product in the gym space. So like research for me yesterday morning, start off with me just literally scrolling through gym tick tocks for like 30 minutes and that's it. And all I focused on was, all right, what are the types of hooks people are using?

How are they grabbing my attention? And what type of people, what type of actors are in these tick tocks? You know, is it overweight people?

Is it girls with abs? Is it guys with huge biceps? Like, what does that look like?

What type of environments as well? What type of, you know, things they're doing in the first three seconds to grab my attention? How are they talking about different things in a gym?

What's some of their, what are some of the, the things that attend to like the buzzwords that really tend to like grab people's attention as well. So I like to start off with research every day. And this also puts me in the right time, like in terms of like warming up and getting ready to like take action on things.

This puts me in the best possible like solution because our mindset, because it's essentially like going to the gym and like warming up before going bench press 225, right? You don't just walk in the gym, put 225 on the bar and rep it, you know, unless you're like Ronnie Coleman or something like that. So for me, I love starting off with research.

It gets my mind primed. It gets my mind warmed up and thinking about marketing. Now, after I do research, this is usually where I have enough ideas to where I start focusing on the creation aspect.

Now this is more so like, Hey, I got a bunch of ideas now, boom. I'm not going to create a full ad every day, but usually I'll have a couple ads that I'm working on. And you know, if you're a single brand owner, you're only going to do this for one brand.

If you're an agency, you just pick a client each day to do this far. And for me, it's I'll like, for example, like we're working on this new product and everything right now, this, this gym brand that we're launching. So what I did was, is I would research every morning and then I would go work on a couple ads at a couple different ad ideas, but more importantly, focusing on the hook and like the script for that creative.

That's it. I'm not worried about body copy headline or anything like that. I'm more focusing on scripting out that particular creative because that's my 80 20 role focus on just the creative.

It's going to create 80% of my results. So that's my next habit is the creation of ads. Now, again, I'm not creating a full ad every day.

Some days I am some days I'm not some days it's just working on an ad. Like maybe I was a piece of creative that has been working the last couple of days, really fine tuning it. Obviously, like I told y'all before, I like to do a rough draft, rewrite for style, rewrite for flow, rewrite for the other one is.

I think it's just those two right there are strategy as well. So like, I like to really fine tune those ads. So on a daily basis, I'm researching on a daily basis.

I'm creating and on a daily basis, I'm reviewing. All right. Reviewing is such a powerful tool to help further improve your Facebook ads progress.

What are you going to do is you're going to pick a creative that you already ran and whether it's a recent one that failed or recent one that win, and you're going to ask yourself three questions. What went right? What went wrong?

And what could be improved? What went right? What went wrong?

What can be improved? You're going to ask yourself those three questions. You're going to put it up on your laptop screen.

You're going to set a 30 minute timer on your phone, and you're going to bust the pen and paper out and you're just going to write the whole time. First 10 minutes, it'd be very quick. Boom, boom, boom, boom.

Next 10 minutes, it's going to suck and you probably won't write a single thing down. Then the last 10 minutes, all these ideas are going to start flowing because when you spend enough time thinking about something, you start to get ideas out of it. And from there, I'll take that.

I don't always do this. Like maybe one out of 10 times, I'll take that information and I'll go and I'll go create a whole new ad with that information. So we'll go and prove that ad that we already created with that new information right there.

So, but yeah, so research, review, create, and last one is learn. Every day, I want to be consuming some type of marketing material. All right.

So go buy like 10 different copywriting books. Always start off with breakthrough advertising. I highly recommend reading this book at least 10 times before you read any other book.

Tested advertising methods is another good one. Copywriter's handbook, the copywriting book by ClickFunnels team. I forgot.

I think it's Ben Edwards. Maybe I forgot the name. They have the ad week, ad week something.

That's another really good one, but all these copywriting books, this is where I get all my information from in terms of creating better ads and being able to improve performance. You know, I don't really, there's no really books I read. That's like marketing one-on-one.

Those are huge waste of time. You want to focus more on copywriting books. Cause those are the principles that we apply to creating better ads for us.

Also, I just paid like $13,000 to this mentor for copywriting. So he's going to work with me over the next 90 days. I'm just further improving my copywriting as well.

So if you can get in the right rooms, that's why I love my inner circle as well. A great place to learn. We do weekly calls, one-on-one, stuff like that.

Another really great place to improve your ads, but every day you want to spend at least 20, 30 minutes every day, consuming something related to improving your copywriting skillset specifically, because that's the one that applies the most to like Facebook creatives itself. But yeah, guys, so these habits, if you do these literally every day from, you know, today's January 11th, about time this video is live, we'll probably like the 16th or 17th. And if you do this every day, all year, 2024, I can almost guarantee you that you'll add an extra six figures to your income, your personal income.

If you repeat these on a daily basis and improve your Facebook ad skillset. So hope you guys enjoyed this video. That was a little bit different of a video, but hope you guys enjoyed it.

Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And yeah, guys, with you guys later, peace out.