We've done over $60 million in revenue with Facebook ads specifically for our clients. And we've done this through 20 different psychological positioning strategies specifically for the ads that has allowed us to dominate the markets for our clients. And today I'm going to be giving you literally all 20 of them.

If you're new to the channel and questioning my credibility, my name is Nick Terrio. I run Ecom Growth Agency. I also coach and mentor students as well.

Click the link below to, you know, work with my agency or to get mentoring by me. Make sure to hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And let's dive into it.

So 20 psychological ad positioning strategies to make people buy from you. Okay. So these are very powerful.

So use them with caution, my friends. So number one is just your standard promo. Okay.

We're going to go from least complex to most complex. Okay. So this is also going to go from the smallest possible audience pool to the largest audience pool.

Okay. So you can spend a couple of dollars a day on this type of ad compared to the last one where you can spend a couple hundred thousand dollars a day. Okay.

So market awareness stage is aware. If you're familiar with the five stages awareness, you're also going to kind of be able to see where at the process this particular stage fits. Okay.

So I didn't have time to get the actual creative example for every single one of these, but I did at least put y'all some copy, not necessarily copy text, but like just the general concept of how things can look from a perspective of messaging. Okay. At this stage or at this particular positioning, you simply just want to state your products on promo for a limited time and showcase the discount at lowered price.

Okay. They already know who you are. They already trust you.

They already know they want to buy from you. You just simply need to state that, Hey, we're on discount. Okay.

Very simple. Now, number two, we're at a product aware stage. So we're pretty deep in the sell cycle right here.

And now we just want to keep showing off unique benefits your product has, but I'm not looking at the main benefit. I'm looking at the very specific unique benefits that are just little ins and outs of, um, you know, like why people would want to use this particular product. Okay.

So here's an example. Our gummies are convenient and tasty, making it easy to incorporate in your daily routine, elevate your health today with our delicious mushroom gummies and experience the difference. Okay.

I'm just talking about the convenience and tasting tasteness of it. Um, but you'll, you'll see, cause I used the same mushroom, uh, example throughout this whole thing. And you'll see is that like when I'm in a solution where I'm calling more the, the big things out, the big guns, which is like, you know, they improve your focus, improve your mental clarity and stuff like that.

So just look at that different unique benefits. So you can have a few different ads showcasing unique benefits. And these are just like I said, the very unique ones that are outside of your main benefit.

The main reason why people buy. Okay. Next one is just satisfying desire.

Continue to showcase the product satisfying desire. So, you know, here with our convenient, delicious mushroom gummies, you can live life to the fullest and enjoy every moment. So again, the main desire is that clarity level of mental clarity is why people want to buy them.

So we're going to continue to show people having that mental clarity and showcase them having those, you know, big wins of mental clarity, like getting more work done and like continuing to showcase that product satisfying that desire of mental clarity. Okay. Next one is where and when, where and when does your product satisfy?

Right at desire. Okay. Again, we're still the product aware stage.

Okay. So this is, this is like you're kind of middle of funnel. All right.

I don't really look at things like that from funnels anymore. But this is people that are aware of your product, but they're still not completely sold yet on you. Okay.

So here I'm just showcasing where and when do they get the benefits they get that desire solved. Okay. Whether you're looking for a natural energy boost to power through your workday or a mental clarity boost to stay focused during your workout, our mushroom product has you covered.

Okay. Again, where and when that's what I'm looking for. Now, next one is simplify how easy it is to get results.

Okay. So this is basically just coming down and Hey, here's how you get the benefits. Well, how can we in the most simplistic way state those benefits?

Okay. Simply add a spoonful to your coffee or tea and enjoy delicious tastes and benefits. No complicated recipes or equipment required.

Just a simple way to upgrade your coffee routine. Simplify your life today. Okay.

Just how easy it is to get the benefits. You literally just put a spoon of this mushroom powder in your coffee and that's it. You're done.

And you get all these amazing benefits. Okay. New proof.

So this is still product aware. You want to showcase testimonials, PR articles, experts approving, et cetera, on how your product satisfied desire. Okay.

So here I have just like a testimonial or just kind of like, you know, showcasing how many customers in this case, over 10,000 satisfied customers trust our mushroom product. Join our community of satisfied customers and experience the quality, consistency and superior customer services that's us apart. That's it.

Just hit the testimonial parts. Great place for like storytelling. Pr articles.

Again, like things like that. New way to satisfy the desire. Okay.

Still the product work stage. Okay. This is where you announce a new mechanism in your product to enable it to satisfy the desire even better.

Okay. A mechanism is simply just the process to result. It's the recipe.

Okay. So cook a cheeseburger. You follow XYZ steps.

Okay. A new mechanism is basically like how to cook a cheeseburger better. A better recipe.

Okay. To give them that cheeseburger. Okay.

They still want the same benefit. They just want a better recipe. Okay.

So introduce a new mushroom gummies. The delicious and convenient way to enjoy the health benefits of mushrooms. Okay.

So instead of a mushroom powder, here's new gummies. Mushroom gummies. Okay.

So basically just allows for, you know, quick and easy way to take in this supplement. Okay. Now eliminate former limitations.

Okay. And this is basically announcing a new mechanism in your product that eliminates former limitations. Okay.

So this is when there's like, hey, you can make a product better or you can come there and look for things that are like limitations in that mechanism. And then we just announce a new mechanism. Okay.

So very, very closely related. Okay. So our new innovative mushroom gummies, the ultimate way to enjoy the health benefits of mushrooms without the bad taste of traditional mushroom powders.

Okay. See, I'm talking about how these new mechanism and then the limitations of the old mechanism. That's it.

Very simple. Okay. Now still product aware.

Okay. So think about it. There's a lot of different ways we can target that product aware, you know, and again, these are all different strategies we would deploy for a specific product.

Okay. So this one right here, we're going to call the weaknesses, call out the weaknesses of competitors and prove superiority. Okay.

So here we're calling out that many mushroom supplements in the market contain low quality ingredients or insufficient dosages leading to ineffective results. Okay. Now our mushroom product is made of only the highest quality ingredients and expert formulated to deliver maximum effectiveness.

Okay. So you see right here, we're proving our superiority over others. Okay.

They're currently looking at other mushroom supplements. So we're proving our superiority and we're calling out a weakness across all these other ones. Now we're finally in solution aware.

Okay. We went from a smallest stage to the second smallest, which is product aware. Now we're going to go for that middle one, which is solution aware.

Okay. We're going to simply call it the benefit they want and introduce the solution. Okay.

These people have no clue of your product. Okay. They just know they want the benefit.

Okay. What is the benefit they want? Unlock your natural focus and cognitive potential.

That's the benefit they want. Okay. That's all they know.

Whereas right here, they want the product. They're just trying to figure out the best place to get the product. So we're trying to prove why our product is so much better than all the others in the market.

Okay. But now we're going to that next stage in the market, which is solution aware. All they know is they want the benefit, but they have no clue of your product.

Okay. Unlock your natural focus and cognitive potential with our all. Okay.

Cognitive potential. That's the benefit across the market. Okay.

For all natural mushroom product, we're introducing the solution. Say goodbye to caffeine, expensive brain training programs, order now and experience greater mental clarity and sharper focus today. Okay.

This probably wasn't the, like the only thing I would tweak about this is I wouldn't include say goodbye to caffeine and expensive brain training programs. Um, I would go a little bit more in on that solution that we introduced, which is, um, the mushroom product. Now we're going to start looking at other solutions across the market and we're going to prove our superiority over those.

Okay. Because this is great. You know, unlock your natural focus and cognitive potential for all natural mushroom product.

This is really good. We're calling it a benefit. Okay.

But what about the people that's looked at like five or six other products that offer different solutions? Okay. For example, all right.

Product aware, you're someone trying to decide between five different Facebook ad agencies. Okay. Solution aware.

These are people trying to figure out Google ads, Facebook ads, TikTok, TikTok ads, or email marketing agency. Which one do I hire for the benefit of increasing revenue for my business? Okay.

That's what's going through the mindset of a solution where, um, demographic. Okay. So here's one right here where we're going to, we're going to see that other solutions that are more expensive.

We're going to call it the more expensive solutions showcase how yours is better or cheaper. Okay. So some people turn to expensive brain training programs or coaching program, coaching services to improve their focus and concentration.

Our focus boosting mushroom product is a more affordable and natural alternative to expensive brain training programs or coaching services. Okay. You see, I'm calling a more expensive solution to make my product cheaper.

I'm not saying my product is cheaper. I'm just calling out a more expensive standard across the market, a more expensive solution and positioning hours in front of those. Okay.

That's it. Now, same thing, except slower. Okay.

People are willing to, you know, they, people don't buy because sometimes like, you know, the results aren't quick enough. And sometimes they don't buy because it's too expensive. So how do we do it?

We make your product look cheaper or we make your product faster. Okay. So here, um, you know, call up the slower solution and showcase how yours is fast.

Okay. Tired of waiting for slow results from other supplements. Our mushroom gummies gummies offer a fast and effective solution to help you achieve your health goals.

Our expertly formative blend of potent mushrooms delivers unique health benefits, including sustainable energy, sharp mental clarity, and overall wellness. And with our convenient and delicious gummies, you can start experiencing benefits right away. Don't wait for slow results.

Try mushroom gummies today. Experience the difference. Okay.

I'll probably say this wasn't the best. Like, like I'd say this could be slightly better because it's not saying why supplements are slower, which that's also the unique call out. It's like why supplements are slower.

But again, proving how yours is faster than other standards across the market. Now, other solutions are having problems with or fail that. Okay.

So now you're calling out the other solutions they've tried and failed. Okay. And this is going to be, this is actually solution aware as well.

Solution aware. Call out our solutions they're currently using, but you're, you're, are, are having problems with not an effective solution called the problems that solution why our solution is superior. Okay.

Many people turn to caffeine or other stimulants to improve their focus and concentration. Our focus boosting mushroom product is a natural alternative to caffeine and other self stimulants are all natural mushroom blend. You can achieve greater focus and concentration without the jitters or crashes associated with caffeine.

Okay. The only thing I would have done better here is that I would have called out like jitters or crashes first and then going into the solution. Okay.

That's it. Number 14, this is problem solution. So now we're going into a problem aware demographic.

Okay. So out of problem aware demographic, you're calling out a current, a problem they're currently experiencing, and then you're going into a solution and benefit. Okay.

Staying focused in a world full of distractions can be a challenge. All right. They're completely aware of the problem, which is that they're going to resonate with it.

Our focus boosting mushroom product naturally enhances cognitive function improves concentration. Okay. Our focus boosting mushroom product, boom, benefit solution naturally enhances cognitive function and improves concentration.

Okay. Making it easier to achieve your goals. Embrace the power of natural focus.

Boom. Call out a problem, introduce solution and benefit. Very simple.

Next one. All right. Now we're going to start going into unaware.

All right. So you can call out variety, different problems and prove it, putting your product in there. Problem aware is actually pretty, you know, quote unquote.

And honestly, I want to say, I didn't mean to put this as problem aware, which is like problems that are dealing with other solutions. Okay. So edge of problem aware stages now unaware.

All right. So there's about five stages of unaware. And this is where like, you know, it goes a little bit deeper.

Okay. So unaware, these are people that they're not experiencing a problem. They're not looking for a benefit.

They're completely unaware. It's all that. Okay.

They just have some level of emotional something happen. Okay. So you can't really mention at an unaware level.

You can't really mention your product. You can't really mention the benefit. You can't really mention the problem at all.

Okay. So how do you open up an unaware market? Okay.

Well, this is one way. And this is giving words to a hidden dream. Okay.

You're looking deeper into what they dream for, what they long for, their goals are in life. Okay. Okay.

Achieving and maintaining an optimal level of physical fitness, strength, and endurance, a goal that many health-focused individuals aspire to reach. Haven't talked to anything about our product, benefit, or problem. Okay.

In today's fast-paced world, it can be challenging to find the time and energy to consistently work towards this dream. Ah, we're starting to focus on the problem, especially with fatigue and low-energy levels holding you back. All right.

Now we're problem aware. All right. Introducing.

Now we're going into solution. Introducing our powerful mushroom product, specifically designed to boost your energy naturally, enabling you to pursue your dream of optimal fitness and well-being. Harness the power of our potent all-natural mushroom blend to elevate your energy levels and empower you to reach your health and fitness goals of ease.

Unleash your true potential and start living the vibrant life you deserve. Okay. So you see how we went from just talking about a hidden dream to going deeper into it.

Okay. So that's unaware hidden dream. Next one is unaware hidden fear.

Okay. And I also want to show you guys that you don't need a long-ass copy. All right.

To open up an unaware market. Tackle the fear of missing life's cherished moments. Okay.

Big hidden fear. Caused by fatigue. Problem aware.

Solution aware. Using our innovative mushroom product. Formulate it to enhance your energy levels.

Benefit. All right. Unaware.

Problem aware. Solution aware. Benefit.

Very simple. Hidden fear. Looking for a hidden fear in their life.

All right. It's like common resentment. All right.

Or unvoiced protests. All right. So balancing fitness commitments with daily life is tough for health-focused individuals.

Balancing fitness commitments with daily life is tough for health-focused individuals. Okay. Again, common resentment or unvoiced protests.

Okay. It's really fucking tough. It's, you know, it stops.

Okay. Leading to fatigue and burnout. Problem aware.

Our all-natural mushroom product boosts energy levels, reduce stress, and restores balance, helping you achieve your health and fitness goals without burning out. Boom. All right.

This is a really big win. So this is not a hidden dream you're giving words to. You're just focusing on big wins they want in their life like right now.

Okay. Experience the thrill of achieving new athletic milestones. Boom.

Big win. But tired of fatigue holding you back? Problem aware.

Unlock your true potential with our potent all-natural mushroom blend. All right. Next one is take away the work.

All right. You want to remove all the work it takes to get that accomplishment. Okay.

Achieve your goals and enjoy the success without the exhausting work. All right. Problem aware.

Thanks to our groundbreaking mushroom product that boosts energy and empowers you to accomplish more effortlessly. Okay. Achieve your goals and enjoy success.

Boom. That's what, like, they want. And then without the exhausting work.

Problem aware. Solution aware. Groundbreaking mushroom product.

Boost energy. Benefits. And benefits.

All right. Leading into an unacceptable problem. Okay.

This is leading into an unacceptable problem by universally accepted image. Okay. This is very difficult.

Okay. This is, like, probably, like, one of the hardest ones to open up to. Okay.

But I'll give you guys. Okay. Imagine a world filled with balanced energy and well-being.

However, our ultimate reliance on unhealthy stimulants hinder our progress towards achieving this optimal state of energy and well-being. Okay. You see this?

Imagine a world filled with balanced energy and well-being. All right. A universally accepted image.

Okay. However, our reliance on unhealthy stimulants hinder our progress towards achieving this optimal state of energy and well-being. Unacceptable problem.

Okay. Very simple. So, but yeah, that's it, guys.

I really hope you all enjoyed this. Now, a couple key notes here I just want to give you guys. These are, again, 20 different ad positioning strategies.

These are, you know, the way you can deploy them is that you can take your product and literally test all 20 of them on your product. Okay. From a creative standpoint, you're going to have to have very different creatives at every one of these stages.

Okay. So, one of you now, you can't just take the same image and da-da-da-da-da-da. You're going to need to build creatives that actually resonate with these specifically.

Okay. Next thing is that, you know, there was some like long copy in these. That does not mean you need to take this and just go like write long copy.

Like the length of this copy does not mean anything to your specific situation at all. Okay. The length of the copy matters depending on how long it takes you to articulate your thoughts and how long does it take you to essentially go ahead and, you know, like sell your product.

Okay. And then lastly, is that, is this all a copy, Nick? No.

This is the messaging which drives how your creative is created. Okay. So, if we're going to start off with problem, then solution, then in our creative, we're going to articulate that problem first, then go into the solution.

Okay. So, this is not just copies. All right.

This is, this is the messaging that's going to drive the whole ad itself. Okay. Is, is everything is going to be like cohesive.

I think it is, um, all together. Okay. Your copy and your creative and stuff like that.

All of it is going to ref replicate that one specific messaging. Okay. Um, as far as like DCTs and stuff like that, I would do one DCT per ad positioning.

Again, I only test up to two DCTs a week. So, this week I might choose number 20 leading its unacceptable problem. And I'm going to film some new ads specifically related to number 20 right here.

And then I'm going to go edit those, create those, everything like that. And then I'm going to launch that one DCT in there. Okay.

So, just basically how I would deploy this and stuff into the ad account. So, again, only test up to two DCTs a week. As far as that, like that's pretty straightforward right there.

Again, we've done over $60 million in revenue with Facebook ads specifically due to these. And again, it's all psychological ad positioning that we're focusing on. So, um, really hope this video was helpful.

Very in-depth. Um, drop some likes below, comments or anything like that. You have questions around, happy to answer out.

Um, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.