I am tired of all these creative gurus and Facebook ad gurus preaching, just test a new hook when an ad doesn't work. In fact, there's actually 20 different reasons why your ad specifically may not perform on Facebook. And today I'm going to be giving you all 20 of those reasons.

We found these reasons by spending literally over a million dollars a month on Facebook ads and making somewhere around, I don't know, 120 ads a month for our 10 clients. Okay, so these are all coming stem from our tests and everything and giving you those 20 reasons exactly what to test. Okay, so before we get started, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If you're new to the channel, my name is Nick Theriot. I run a Facebook ads agency. I also coach students.

So, you know, click the link below if you want me to run your ads or click the link below for me to coach you. Just heads up, I only work with 10 clients at a time. So there may or may not be availability when you click that link to essentially work with us.

So let's go ahead and dive into it. All right, 21, it's actually 21, not 20, 21 reasons why your ad didn't perform. And before we get started, I just want to reinforce the fact that there's four different groups or variables that can affect ad performance.

Number one is being your ad itself, your bait essentially to get people into your store. Your product, if you have a shit product, you know, selling an iPhone 4 when everyone wants an iPhone 14, no wonder why your ads aren't working. You have a dog shit product.

Landing page, if you have a bad landing page, it's hard for people to give you money. Essentially navigate the page, questions being unanswered, lack of social proof, lack of visuals to educate people on the product. It's a bad landing page in general.

And then lastly, surprise costs at checkout or, you know, shipping issues, things like that, that when people, you know, basically have a large drop off from checkout to conversion. Today, but today only, we're going to focus specifically just on ads. Okay, so I'm going to give you 20 unique reasons that your ad didn't perform.

Okay, we're going to go from beginner to intermediate to advanced and some of the stuff that we're going to cover. Okay, so we're going to assume today that you have everything dialed in. You're already getting sales and stuff like that.

It's just you're testing ads and you're not finding winners. That's the biggest thing. So you test an ad and it didn't perform.

Okay, so step number one is after you test an ad, you want to take a step back. You want to pull that ad up on your screen, your computer, and you want to take a little timer and spend 30 minutes reviewing that ad. You know, you want to pretend you're a high level athlete and you're rewatching your game footage to identify the points of which you can improve on.

Okay, and that's why I'm going to show you 20 different points that likely you can improve on in this specific video. Something else you'll also notice is I don't really look at CTR or CPM or hook rate or hold rate. And everyone's like, why Nick?

Why? What about soft stats? Blah, blah, blah.

Fuck soft stats. All I care about is CPA at scale. That's all I care about.

CPA at scale. Okay, and why? Because all of these metrics can be easily manipulated.

And that's the biggest thing. Okay, I could have the wrong hook. That gets me an amazing hook rate because again, it's just, oh, you know, it's a great hook.

It's amazing, but it's attracting the wrong type of people to the video. So it gets a really high hook rate, but a really low hold rate. Why?

Because I'm attracting the wrong people to the video. I'm getting people in the door, but they're immediately turning around and exiting because they realized, hey, wait, this is not what I wanted. And this is going to leave me with the ability of, hey, we need to improve our hold rate because the hook rate's really good.

When reality is, is that the hold rate's correct. The hook rate is bad because we have a bad hook. Or I could have an amazing CTR, but horrible CPA.

And this will leave me with the belief that I need to improve my conversion on my website. The ad's getting a ton of clicks, really high click-through rate and all that. But reality is, it's just a really click-baity ad and it's attracting the wrong type of audience.

Okay. So I've seen super profitable ads with the lowest CTR in the ad account crushed compared to ads with amazing CTR and unprofitable ads, unprofitable CPAs. So I don't give a fuck about CTR, CPM, hook rate, hold rate, things like that.

The only time I leverage them is when I have two ads that are hitting my CPA goal. And I'm like, huh, I'm curious about these two. Okay.

Well, this one has a little bit better of a CTR. This one has a little bit better of a hook rate or a hold rate. Why?

Now I'm making decisions based off two ad comparisons that are already winners. And it's telling me a deeper level of the story there. Okay.

Maybe there are two very different ones. Maybe a UGC video, storytelling. And then the other one, maybe it's just an unboxing.

I don't care. Um, and you know, for example, in that period of time, maybe the unboxing has a better one. Well, I'm curious why, why does it have a better hold rate?

And I can watch a little bit deeper into that. So, so the only metric I care about is CPA at scale. That's the only thing I care about.

And here, well, I don't have a number, but here are 20 reasons why our ads typically don't perform or actually 21 that don't perform. Okay. So reason number one, all right, like I said, we're going to go from beginner, intermediate to advanced in terms of some of these reading reasons.

Reason number one is that your editing style is too disruptive for that specific type of audience. So maybe, you know, you're targeting 60 plus because that's just who buys your particular product in that case. Then, and you're using some very fast editing style, you know, that's like really resonates with like an 18 to 21 year old.

Okay. You see a simply change up that editing style, make it a little bit more slower, a little bit more smoother in that case right there. Or maybe you're selling like a, you know, medical product, some of a medical supplement, for example, and you have like this hardcore rock theme to it.

And just, it doesn't match, you know, in terms of like the editing style in that case. So easy one right there. Also too, maybe text goes by too fast on the screen.

And that example where, um, you know, you just need to put some more timing in your scenes in that sense right there. Reason number two, your color theme. Color theme of the ad just doesn't match the brand and also doesn't flow with the audience.

The color theme you choose. Reason number three, your video is too long or video is too short. This can also be applied to the body copy.

Your body copy is too long or your body copy is too short. There is no right answer for this. This has been a conversational topic for, you know, probably a hundred years or from copywriting.

How long does that need to be? The ad needs to be long enough to sell the product. That's it.

That's the answer. Reason number four, photo or video has too much going on. Okay.

Very hard to focus. Okay. I see this a lot with photo ads where they'll have like four pieces of text on the photo and they're all the same size.

And it's hard to focus on which one you want me to focus. Okay. Or it's like, you know, I take a picture of my big desk right here with all these different things on my desk.

And I just take a far out picture and then I say something on it. And it's like, what are you selling here? Is it the, you know, LaCroix I'm drinking?

Is it the, you know, toy Lamborghini car? You know, is it the wallet? In that case, what specifically are we selling here?

Okay. So definitely make sure that the video and the photo is pretty straightforward of, hey, I know it's being sold there. Or even the ad copy, ad copy, photo or video should all have a very clear, hey, I know it's being sold here.

If people are confused with what's being sold here, that's going to be immediate red flag. Reason number five, you have the wrong benefits or problems being presented in the ad and they do not resonate with the consumer. Okay.

You know, if we go back to Apple's famous ad, 16,000 songs in your pocket or 1600 songs in your pocket for the iPod that worked amazing. The benefits to 1600 songs in your pocket. Okay.

So in this particular case right here, if they would have instead put that benefit, but instead they put, you know, five colors. Cause it's like the iPods had different colors. Like what?

I don't care. You know, it wouldn't have been the benefit that matched their audience. Okay.

Same thing for problems. If you're showcasing a problem that just doesn't match with your audience, they're like, I've never experienced that problem. I don't need this product.

Product's not for me. But if you showcase the right problem, oh yeah, I am having that problem. How do I solve that?

And that's essentially what reason number five is. Now reason number six is Texas too long within a photo or video when doing text overlays. Okay.

So this is not the body cop or anything like that. This is like when you have a photo ad and you have this really long sentence on it. It's just too long.

Shorten that shit down to make it easier to read. Same thing for video. If you're doing scenes of video, like you have multiple scenes in your video and you have like text overlays on it and they're very long sentences.

It's just hard to read and consume that information. Reason number seven, text doesn't flow within the body copy or photo or video when doing text overlays. Okay.

So your body copy, you should be able to read it out loud. Okay. And it should sound very normal.

Like I'm talking to you guys right now. Okay. But if you have a lot of like, if it's hard to read, doesn't flow huge red flag right there.

Same thing with the photo. If you have a photo ad with a text overlay and it's very hard to read that, you know, it doesn't really flow well. Boom.

You should be able to read your video script that you ever give to a creator or give to your editor to create with like 2D footage and stuff or not 2D footage, but like, you know, stock footage and stuff. It should all flow as well. Okay.

So lack of flow. Read it out loud. Read it like we're talking like, you know, this video right here.

That's going to, I'll make sure it flows properly. Reason number eight, the visual hook does not stop the scroll well enough. You know, usually I find it's due to a lack of understanding what the consumers are interested in.

Now we're going to start going to that intermediate stage. We went through all the beginner stuff. Now we're going to start going to that intermediate advertiser technical stuff now.

Okay. The visual hook is again, what's visually shown on the screen outside of the text hook in that first three seconds. Okay.

So for example, we have a golf client specifically, and a lot of their ads showcase 2D images with just like some text on it. Okay. Didn't really get that great of impression.

Didn't really get the grade of just cost per acquisition was really high, all that good stuff. So what I essentially did was is I did a lot of research and I figured out what do golf people like? Like what type of content do they like to watch?

Okay. Once I figured out what type of content they like to watch, then I started showcasing people because they love to watch other people hit the ball. Okay.

So I started showcasing golfers hitting the ball in the first three seconds. This captures significantly higher attention. Also attract a better crowd of people because they're actually golfers interested in golf as well.

Next one is the text hook does not scrop the scroll well enough. So you already have a really good visual hook, but your text hook also is not really making me want to learn more. Okay.

So I find that your visual hook does a lot of the stopping power, but the text hook makes me want to watch more. Okay. So for example, like this video right here, likely it's titled something around 20 reasons why your Facebook ad didn't perform.

It's not telling you, it's not selling you on anything. It's just simply grabbing your attention to watch the first part of this video. Then every, you know, as this video continues on, it makes you want to continue to learn more.

Okay. The text hooks only job is to make people watch the second scene. Okay.

The first sentence of your body copy is only job is to make people read the second sentence. The only job of your headline is to either click the learn more button or to watch the video in that case. Okay.

So the text hook needs to make sure people go to that next sentence. Number 10, the ad does a poor job at creating belief. The product or service will work for them.

Okay. People should have confidence that buying your product or service will get them what they want after they watched write your ad. Okay.

How do we build up belief one clear understanding of their problem and being articulate net to people clear understanding of what the solution is, how the solution works, how the solution is better than all the other products or services I've tried in the past. And strong customer reviews, testimonials, authority, things like that. All that's going to really deepen the belief that this product or service will work for them.

Number 11 is the ad does not appeal to the identity the consumer wants to buy into. Okay. So again, when you are selling people a product, you're also selling them an identity.

Okay. You know, this is my toy Lamborghini. And one day I will buy, you know, this is a Inventador SVJ.

That's what I want to buy. So one day I will buy one. Okay.

I'm not just buying the car. I'm also buying the identity I become when I buy it. I'm buying the, you know, the people and stuff about connect to because I have this car in that sense right there.

I'm also buying a new identity. All right. So your ad needs to appeal to the identity that people want to become.

Okay. You have everything correct in this video, but the identity part and people will not buy at all. Reason number 12 is the ad does a poor job at appealing to the desire you have chosen to build this ad around.

Okay. So when you choose a specific desire to go out there across the market, you know, maybe it's the desire for power for this car. That's what I want.

I want the power, the speed. You know, I want to push the pedal on the ground and feel my back launch into the back of the seat in that case right there. Okay.

So then we need to showcase a lot of things that resonate with that particular desire. Okay. These are like the visual things you need to showcase in the video or the text things you need to talk about in your body copy.

Okay. So here's nine different ways you can do it. I'm not going to go through all these, but these are just nine different ways that you can showcase better that desire.

Again, you can't create desire, but you can channel an already existing desire into your product. Now, reason number 13, this is you've chosen the wrong desire. Okay.

I pretty much desire this car for the power, speed. You know, I've drove one in Vegas before. It's a really fun car to drive.

Okay. It's fun. It's powerful in that case right there.

But if I had, you know, if Lamborghini is pushing this car with the desire for being eco-friendly and green and not saying that's a bad thing at all, I personally wouldn't buy it for that. Okay. Because I immediately think, boom, that's like slow and not really a good engine.

Yada, yada, yada. Okay. So in this particular case here, they would have the wrong desire.

So they need to flip it around the power and showcasing the fun and the speed you can do with this particular car. So if you have the wrong desire that you're going after, everything else will fail. Reason number 14, you have the wrong market awareness.

Done plenty of videos on this now. Each stage has different levels. Each stage has a different way you open up that specific market.

Unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware, aware. So these are all key things right here that you need to look into. Reason number 15, we're going against a mass objection in the market and we must address that objection.

Okay. So this is particular, you know, ambulance insurance that we, you know, push out. It's one of our clients.

They crush it. They do amazing. I mean, just insane amount of money they make.

Okay. And we do amazing results for them. Okay.

The problem with that is that one of the objections that we had because taking them from a thousand dollars a day to 15K a day in spin was that when we're pushing the ads out to the public, everyone's saying, hey, my health insurance will cover this. Which is actually false because there's about a 50 to 60% chance that your health insurance will not cover your ambulance ride. Okay.

So we first have to present people with the fact that your health insurance won't cover your, or like you have a 50 to 60% chance of your health insurance not covering it. And then we also have to present how much money that could cost you. Okay.

Now we're addressing that, addressing that objection before we presenting the product and the solution in that case right there. So that way people go into it with that objection handled. And then now we can actually present our product with less, you know, you'd say less friction in that case.

Now, reason number 16, this is a really big one. This is where how the product works is not answered. Okay.

Okay. So you either need a feature to mechanism, scribe the mechanism or name the mechanism. Okay.

This is the process to results. How you get me results with, you know, you can talk about the benefits, you can talk about the product. You can talk about the, you know, the problems it solves.

But if you don't show me how it works, that's a problem. Okay. Going to, not going to understand it.

And because I won't understand it, I won't buy. Okay. So, you know, feature the mechanism.

Your ad is fully focused around the mechanism. Okay. So like my whole ad, like, let's say, for example, if I found a new ad strategy, new CBO ad strategy allows you to scale twice as fast.

Okay. If I made that particular YouTube video and I talked about the whole, the, you know, the mechanism, the whole strategy in a YouTube video, I think it would crush. Okay.

Why? Because I'm introducing, um, you know, I'm talking about a new mechanism. Okay.

I'm talking about a new how to satisfy the market because likelihood everyone who would watch it has fell that Facebook ads multiple times. And now I'm introducing a new solution, a new hope in that sense right there. Now describe the mechanism.

Your market is unfamiliar with your mechanism. You just need to describe it. Okay.

So let's say, for example, if I was talking to people who want to grow their business, Hey, want to grow a business? Talking about kind of like their, you know, their wants. Okay.

Facebook ads has been the most efficient way, kind of going over the solution of Facebook ads, how it works and all of that. And I would describe how Facebook ads work. Okay.

Boom. I'm describing the mechanism of how, because they're completely new. Okay.

Now name the mechanism is when they are already know what the mechanism is. I'm just simply saying I have a better mechanism with, you know, features and a better product. Okay.

So like the smartphone, like everyone knows what a smartphone is now. So now it's just iPhone. Everyone even knows what an iPhone is now.

So now every iPhone is just double battery life, 3X camera, one terabyte storage. What's not to love about the iPhone 14? I'm not really talking about anymore about the uses of it.

I'm not really showcasing the apps anymore and how there's an app for everything. I'm just showcasing how we have more features and a better product than everyone else. Boom.

That's it. I don't need to go into how perform works anymore. I can just name the mechanism.

Now, reason number 17, your product is simply not important enough. Okay. People don't give a shit about it.

Okay. Cool product, but I don't know. Just, it's not really that important anymore.

Okay. So now what we need to do is, so we need to take your current benefits you're focused on and looking at the benefit of the benefits. Okay.

So give you guys a quick example and be very honest with you back in 2018, no, 2019. It was like November, 2019. I went to a PacSun.

Yeah. I know this was four years ago. I was like 22.

Went to PacSun and I purchased a fear of God essentials hoodie, you know, like 150 bucks. Immediate benefit was just, I wanted something nice. The benefit of the benefit though, was, you know, like basically the girl telling me at the store, how good it looked on me and blah, blah.

And the first thing I thought of was just like going out and then having like this shirt, having this particular hoodie and like girls loving it and getting more attention from girls. Okay. The benefit of the benefits.

Okay. What's the benefit of me buying that hoodie? Yes.

The main benefit is me to be warm and stylish and stuff like that. What was the benefit of me being stylish and warmer? Well, what's the benefit of being stylish out in public in a social setting?

In that case right there, that's the benefit of the benefits. Okay. So look at your current benefits you have now.

And to make it more important enough, let's look at the benefits of the benefits. That's how you can make this a little bit more important in that case right there. Number 18 is the product is too expensive.

Okay. In this particular case, when you think it's something's too expensive is because you're comparing it to a cheaper alternative. Okay.

So if I tell you, you know, there's a $300 at home laser hair removal machine, one-time fee. Okay. The media thing is you're like, well, it costs me a couple of dollars for a new razor every week or every month, whatever you guys use.

Um, why would I spend 300 bucks? Okay. That's the problem.

You're comparing to the cheaper alternative. So now if I start off with, Hey, laser appointments or costs thousands, you know, over a year, it takes a lot of time to get off work and stuff like that. That's why we have this new at home laser hair removal.

It's $300 one-time fee. All of a sudden that seems so much cheaper in that case right there. Now reason number 19 is that your product seems too complicated.

Simplify how the product works in the consumer's eyes. Okay. So there's a little example right here.

128 bit encrypted network to do electronic bank transfer from two different IP addresses. Sounds really fancy. But the reality is when I simplify how the product works, you can send money from your phone to your friend's phone within seconds.

Oh, interesting. Okay. So simplify how your product works.

Again, that's, you know, if you feel like product is too complicated, simplify it. Now reason number 20 is you've been using the same visuals for too long in the market. Okay.

These visuals no longer grab the consumer's attention. You need to find new visuals. And this is like literally going to hire content creators, working with creative agencies, not, not creative agency to direct things like we do, but a creative agency that can literally pick up a camera and shoot a whole bunch of content with your product.

Very new, very different. Okay. You need new visuals.

Likelihood what happens here is you find a new messaging and some new messaging that works. He started testing a bunch of visuals on it. You find some new winning ads from it, but then it's like, it no longer works anymore.

Keep testing visuals and that messaging and those visuals is no longer works. Okay. 9% of the time it's just the visuals.

Okay. Now reason 21 is actually opposite. Okay.

You have been using the same messaging for a while. You've been using new visuals, working with your content agency and stuff like that. And there's still nothing, then you need to find whole new messaging.

Okay. Your messaging you've been using too long as well. So these are the 21 reasons.

Um, these 21 reasons are all also applied to body copy, creative and Facebook headline altogether. So it's not just one. And essentially the step number two is after you, you know, when you spend your time reviewing this ad for 30 minutes, go through these reasons to start drawing conclusions.

Okay. Then I want you to go through your conclusions and order them by importance of which three you think will have the highest impact on performance. Okay.

Then on step number three, you're kind of at a crossroads right now, because now if you believe these iterations will give you the ad account lift and performance you want, then go ahead and focus on creating iterations off of your ad. That didn't perform to create new iterations that will likely perform. Okay.

Cause you have 21 reasons why here. If you have low confidence, then focus on new concepts. Okay.

If you don't think that these iterations will really improve performance, then just go focus on some new ad concepts there. Okay. This is something as you develop as a marketer, you're going to get better at.

Okay. You know, there might be things that at a beginner market be like, Oh, that's a great iteration. Boom.

But then as you go through and more season, you realize, Hey, that iteration won't really make that big of a difference. Okay. So I try to give you guys as many things in here, these 21 reasons that are actually going to give the biggest difference.

So that way, you know, you're kind of focusing on the highest priority pretty much for any of these specific reasons right here. So really hope you guys enjoyed this video. Um, if y'all did hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Uh, this is definitely the same amount of value in this video. So definitely recommend rewatching it a few times and stuff like that. Um, but yeah, thank y'all for watching.

My name is Nick Theriault. Hope you guys have a great rest of y'all day. Peace out.