There are three key Facebook ad scripts that we use when we're scaling clients to a million dollars a month, and we need ad creatives that scale. There's three key scripts we like to use, and we'll be going over those today. These are the exact scripts that's, you know, pretty much allowed us to do a lot of really amazing client success stories over the last couple of years, and we'll be going over those today.

So these are the three templates here, unaware market, problemware market, and solutionware market. These are three different types of markets that we use, and this is like the three types of what I would say scripts and templates that we follow here. So unaware market, this is like if we wanted to sell a joint care product for a dog, then unaware market would be literally like people sitting at home and they notice their dog struggling to get on the couch, but they have no clue why.

Problemware market would be like, hey, your dog has arthritis. It's a way to diagnose a particular problem. They're aware of the problem.

They just need to figure out a solution for it. And a solutionware market would be like, okay, well, the solution to solve arthritis is going to be to rebuild the joint. And this is a product that rebuilds that joint for the dog.

So that's kind of like the three different markets of people, and they're going to be smaller and larger, larger as being unaware, second size problemware, and the smaller size being a solutionware market. But these are all the scripts that we use to scale. And some clients will be more dominant solutionware.

Some clients will be more dominant problemware. Some clients will be more dominant unaware. And some clients literally have all three.

Every product is different in terms of like if I was selling men's pants, for example, it'd mostly be solutionware. But there's other products that we can hit on multiple different markets and create multiple different types of ads for it. So let's just dive into this a little bit.

And let's actually write an ad for each one. So we'll start off with unaware market. So the first thing we want to start off with is a symptom.

So let's just do unaware. Boom. And then what we want to do is call out a symptom.

So a symptom that if we're going to sell like a joint care product for a dog will be dog struggling to jump up on couch? Question mark. There we go.

Boom. And then here we want to diagnose them with a problem. So yeah, my dog is jumping up on the couch.

This is due to their joints hurting from painful bone on bone contact, also known as arthritis bone. All right. So we just diagnosed them with a problem, which is arthritis.

I'm just going to kind of go into it a little bit more. Arthritis is where the joints wear down. And I forgot the exact thing.

I think it's like the ligament itself. I think that's correct. Boom.

All right. So we talked a little bit about the problem. We diagnosed them with the problem.

Now let's kind of go into a little bit more of the solution. To fix arthritis, you need to rebuild the joint. Easiest way to do so is with Nick's joint dog.

Joint. Boom. All right.

So we call out what the thing needs to do. Your solution, you need to rebuild the joint. How do you rebuild the joint now?

Easiest way to do so is with Nick's dog. So let's actually go back. So we introduced the solution.

Easiest way to fix arthritis, you need to rebuild the joint. That's the solution. This is diagnosing them with the problem.

This is calling out that underwear market. Now, the next thing we need to do is actually highlight a little bit of answer objections, questions, increased trust. Here, we can actually go a little bit more into Nick's joint dog.

All right. Nick's dog joint chew. There's Nick's dog joint chew.

Dog taking Nick's dog joint chew. He's been running around the yard like a puppy again. Cool.

There we go. And then here, dog joint chew. All right.

There we go. So I really like this. This is taking people through all the key things.

Symptom, problem, introduce solution, kind of going into your questions, increased trust, and then where to buy. Now, what you can do from here is then you can go to Claude. Now that you have the base formula down.

Now let's actually improve this a little bit. Here's my base ad script. Please rewrites as Dan Kennedy.

Dan Kennedy is a really good copywriter that Claude already knows. Okay. So warning, if your dog can't jump on the couch anymore, the 60 second solution could save them from a life of crippling pain.

Dear dog lover is your faithful companion struggling to do things they used to love, like jumping on the couch to cuddle with you. It's heartbreaking. Your dog isn't just getting old.

They're suffering from excruciating bottom-bone contact, their joints. Cool. So like, this won't be perfect, but it'll be something that we can actually manipulate a little bit more and then kind of like make it a little bit better than this.

But the key thing here is that you have that first level script down in terms of, um, just, you know, of kind of the hierarchy and the order of which everything is done. And then from here, I won't copy and paste this word for word, but what I'll do is I'll take the key things. Like I really liked this hook.

This looks a lot better than what I wrote. Now from here, it's, I gave Claude the really good, what I would say flow of how I want things. And all I'm simply doing here is now I'm just letting Claude kind of tweak it and make it a little better doing all the thinking power for me.

Uh, I, I did all the high level strategy of going out in the market, doing the research and figuring out the things. And then I'm just letting Claude do all the creative thinking of how to write this slightly better. That's the effective way to use Claude versus other people that would be like, Hey Claude, write me a Facebook ad with no research, no understanding of the market, yada, yada, yada.

Okay. So now let's go to a problemware market. This is the second UGC script style that we'll go after.

And this is a problemware market. Now a problemware market are people that actively have a problem. Now, easy thing for me would literally be just, okay, Hey, I can just copy and paste this and then, uh, you know, just cut off the first half, but I'm gonna make it good for you guys.

I'm actually going to start writing for a completely different product, uh, just to make this simpler for you guys or not the simpler, but just so I can actually do a little bit more thinking for you guys. So problemware market, these are people that actually have a problem in their mind. So, you know, unaware market, they have a symptom, but that's the whole key thing is they're unaware to the problem at hand.

They just, they just notice the symptom problemware market is like, they're experiencing a problem. They just don't know what to do to fix that particular problem right there. So for example, for me, I could do something like bad row ask question mark or ads, not converting your ads are not converting.

You need to watch this. Cool. So like maybe they're struggling right now.

Like they have this problem. They're running Facebook ads, but they're not converting. What can I do?

How can I improve my conversion rate? Or how can I get ads that converting so I can scale your ads are not converting you to watch this. I was tired of part of testing new Facebook ads with zero results.

That's until I discovered that it wasn't how I was testing the ads, but what I was saying in the Facebook ad creatives that was not converting. Once I understood what to say in the Facebook ads, and I'm kind of highlighting the solution. Hey, if you're, if you have ads that are not converting, you need to watch this.

Yes. I fucking like none of my ads are converting right now. Then I'm just kind of showing a little empathy.

Hey, I too was tired of testing Facebook ads with zero results. Right now I'm going to the solution. That's what I discovered.

It wasn't how I was testing the ads, but what I was saying in the Facebook ad creatives that was not converting. Once I understood what to say in the Facebook ads, again, that's going to be the solution. My results skyrocketed.

If you want to learn now, I'm introducing the product. So the solution is that, so you need to understand what this, once I understood what to say in the Facebook ads that got people to buy my Facebook ad results, skyrocketed. Boom.

There we go. So if you want to learn exactly what you need to say in your Facebook ads and stop dealing with ads that are not converting, then you need to read Nick's ebook called ads that scale. Boom.

You can keep throwing money at Facebook and hope you can get something to convert or you can spend the $29 on Nick's ebook and get a step-by-step process of exactly what you need to say to get people to convert. Boom. Click the link below.

All right. So this is problem where again, calling out the problem, introducing the solution. I don't really answer any questions or objections, but more specifically, I just kind of really dive deeper into that.

Like here's your options. Now again, problem calling that out, showing a little empathy, the big moment right here of kind of like how they went from here's the problem to how I discovered the solution. Then from there, just going into the solution itself, which is once I understood what to say in the Facebook ads, like how people buy my Facebook ad results skyrocketed.

So I understand the solution is I need to understand what to say in Facebook ads. And then I go, if you want to learn exactly how to say what to say in your Facebook ads and stop dealing with ads that are not converting, then you need to read Nick's ebook called ads at scale. So now I'm going into the product.

What do you need? Here's the solution, which is understanding what to say in the Facebook ads, but here's the product that's going to allow you to achieve that, which is Nick's ebook on ads at scale. And then yeah, from here, we're just going to go a little bit of product aware side of kind of increasing that urgency of why you need to buy now.

Now again, I'll do the same thing with Claude here. Please rewrite my ad script as Dan Kennedy. I'm also going to say, keep it the same lift.

I just want to see what Claude does here. There we go. All right.

Attention. Your Facebook ads are bleeding money because of this hidden conversion killer, fellow business owners. Let me be really honest.

I used to waste thousands testing Facebook ads that weren't and went nowhere. South mirror. Here's the shocking truth.

I discovered it wasn't my targeting. It wasn't my budget. It wasn't even my offer.

The real conversion killer is hunting pain side. The words I was using in ads. Yeah, pretty good right there.

So again, just calling out the problem, which is like bleeding money on Facebook ads. Our ads are not converting here. And then just simply going into what's the best solution for that.

And then going into the solution. So that's a problem where I had right there. Notice here, my ads are not converting.

Like it's an active problem. I'm dealing with right here. We're like, this was just a dog struggling to jump on the couch.

You know, it's just, it's a symptom right here. We're like, this is like an actual diagnosed problem. My ads are not converting and it's losing me money.

That's the problem here. Now let's go to solution aware. So, and again, same thing.

I'm going to write for a completely different product because if I wanted to, I could literally just say, Hey, this part right here, that's it. And I have a solution aware ad, but I want to try to keep it good for you guys. So again, solution aware, they want what the product does, but they don't know what the product is.

So we're actually going to write for the face mask product that I've already showed you guys, which is I want glowing skin. I want glowing skin. I just don't know what, what product does for that.

So I'm just going to start off. Here is my secret to getting glowing skin before 2025, because right now it's December 8th. So we're kind of going into that new year.

So here's my secret to getting glowing skin before 2025. Oh, actually it's December 20th. It's December 8th.

So that means Christmas is coming up. Some really good urgency here would be, here's my secret to getting glowing skin before spending time with family for the holidays. There we go.

So keep in mind here. Here's my secret to getting glowing skin before spending time with family for the holidays. Why do I like this?

Because if I look at it from the perspective of a girl, she's about to come in town. She's about to see all this family. Maybe she hasn't seen in a couple months.

Maybe she's a little self-conscious right now about her skin and she needs a fast solution. Well, here's our product to get that glowing skin right now. Basically.

I'm also going to highlight that I've tested dozens of other ways to get glowing skin. And here's the fastest way. I actually honestly like that hook right there.

I've tested dozens of ways to get glowing skin. And here's the fastest way to get glass like glowing skin before the holidays. I tested dozens of way to get glowing skin.

Here's the fastest way. I'm just a glowing skin. This is called Nick's face mask.

All right. So let's just go back real quick. We calling out the solution, which is basically just, Hey, I want glowing skin.

And then we're calling out what people desire going to the solution. This is Nick's face mask. And then we're going to be, this is a, we're going to be a little bit more direct with this.

I'm also going to try to talk like the girl. This little miracle device is called Nick's. Honestly, I want to, I want to give it a little bit more branding here.

This little miracle device is called Polina. Like I just imagine a girl sitting in a car. I've tested dozens of ways to get glowing skin.

And here's the fastest way to get glowing skin before the holidays. This little miracle device is called Polina. And after using it just this week, I've noticed a huge lift in the mornings of how much my skin glows.

See, I'm really just kind of highlighting what they want. This product actually has a lot of objections and questions around it. So I'm actually going to try to highlight this part a little bit more here for y'all.

I've tested dozens of ways to get glowing skin. Here's the fastest way of glowing skin before the holidays. This little miracle device is called Polina.

And after just one, after using it just this week, I've noticed a huge lift in the mornings of how much my skin glows. Just before filming this video, I was getting Starbucks. It's actually not Starbucks.

That'd be an awkward video. Starbucks and America in one video here. All right.

Just before filming this video, I was getting Starbucks and this girl came up to me, up to me and asked, what is your secret? Skin looks amazing. Now, before I continue, I do have to say I was skeptical at first.

As someone who has sensitive skin, I was worried about breakouts and irritation. But with Christmas coming up and needing a fast solution, I took the risks and this baby is glowing. Boom.

All right, cool. So I've tested dozens of ways to get glowing skin. And here's the fastest way to get glowing skin before the holidays.

This little miracle device is called Polina. And after using, after using, I'm going to put her, after using her just one week, just one week, I've noticed a huge lift in the mornings of how much my skin clothes. Just before filming this video, I was getting Starbucks and this girl came up to me and asked, what's your secret?

Your skin looks amazing. Now, before I continue, I do have to say, I do have to say I have sensitive skin and I was worried about breakouts and irritations. But with Christmas coming up and needing a fast solution, I took the risks and this baby is glowing.

I recently went on the website website and tried to purchase one for my sister left in stock. So best of luck for those who can get one in time before they sell out. Bye.

All right. So something interesting I did right here. I haven't done this in a while, but I've seen this work really well for like some of our avatorials and stuff like that, where like literally just go and just like type something up where it's like, Hey, I just recently went on their website, try to find one, but they were out of stock.

So let's just go over this one more time. And this will be our solution aware script. I've tested dozens of ways to get glowing skin.

Here's the fastest way to get glowing skin before the holidays. This little miracle device is called Polina. After using her just one week, I've noticed a huge lift in the mornings of how much my skin glows.

Actually, just before filming this video, I was getting Starbucks and this girl came up to me and asked, what's your secret? Your skin looks amazing. Now, before I continue, I do have to say I have sensitive skin and I was worried about breakouts and irritation.

The reason why I say this is because literally in the Amazon listing of this product, there's a lot of people talking about issues with like possibly like breakouts, irritation, things like that. Oh, at first Christmas coming up and needing a fast solution. I took the risk and this baby is glowing.

I recently went on their website and tried to purchase one for my sister, but saw they only had a couple left in stock. So best of luck for those who can get one on time before they sell out. Okay, bye.

So just imagine a girl, maybe winter vibes, you know, she has a little ski jacket or something like that, sitting in her car, Starbucks. Maybe she's blonde, blue eyes, and she's sitting there, face just glowing, looks very, very good, talking to the camera, kind of like the phones in like the story mode above her steering wheel. And she's going to say in this story really quick after like she just got out of Starbucks or something like that.

That's literally what I would do. And then I would go and I would use incense.pro. I would hire a creator that fits that particular visual right there.

And then I'd give her this particular script right here to film. And yeah, simple as that. Get the content back, upload that to that account and that's it.

And this is three of the best scripts, kind of like storyboards that we use on our market, problem, market, solution, market for all the clients. We help scale to seven figures a month. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button and subscribe for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.

You want us to come into your business, do all this for you, you know, write the scripts, research and hire the creators and scale your business to a million dollars a month. Click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads. And if you want me to do this with you for your own business, but with you instead for you, then have Nick Terrier mentor you below and we can actually open some calls and go over this with you for your business.

So thank you guys so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of the day. Peace out.