Today, I want to go over three Facebook ads that convert like crazy. And then I'm also going to show you exactly how we created those Facebook ads in terms of our thought process. So let's start off with Facebook ad number one.

This ad spent over $53,000 for this client. And let's just pop this open so you can see exactly what this Facebook ad creative looks like. Cool.

Very simple creative, but there's a lot going on here and I want you guys to understand. So first things first with this creative itself, the first thing we looked at is competitors selling the same product as us, which for us was a coffee alternative. So we were selling a coffee alternative and so were competitors.

So what we need to do here was we need to figure out who else was selling this alternative. And then we need to look at their negative reviews. Again, the negative reviews and the positive reviews can give us a lot of really good information.

And we don't necessarily need to look at ours, but we also can look at competitors as well. As long as you know, our product doesn't have that. That's also the other key thing.

And looking at the negative reviews, we realized that, oh shit, a lot of people like think this literally tastes like shit to be fair. So we needed to basically call that out. Right.

And that's what we're going to do in our new hook. So our new hook, we were going to like, okay, let's call out people that are already taking alternatives. Then we're going to basically call it the fact that ours doesn't taste like shit.

It's literally the our thought process behind this creative. This is going to appeal to a stage four sophistication, and it's going to appeal to the desire for a coffee alternative that tastes good. So our new hook, finally, a coffee alternative that tastes like coffee.

And here's the hook, what I would say, pattern that you could leverage. So finally, a Facebook ad agency that actually gets results. Just a great example right there for those who are running Facebook ad agencies or any particular person that's watching this who's felled with a couple of agencies before.

Long story short, this is how we created that particular hook right there. And it's what allow this creative to take over, get majority of spend and absolutely crush it for this client. Now, next we're going to look at a $100,000 creative.

This ad spent over $100,000 for this client. And this is my girlies who need a girl's night soon. We called out this hook.

And then what we did was, is we told a story, the story being a girl who did this on girl's night, how much fun she had, and all those good stuff right there. That's basically it. Now, for us, the way we came up with this particular ad was we went and we looked at the Facebook ad comments, specifically for our clients that have been running Facebook ads for a really long time.

What we'll do is we'll look at those Facebook ad comments every month, at least once or twice. And we're just looking for different things of what people are saying. Some people are saying bad things.

Some people are saying good things. Some people are just tagging their friends. Some people are just saying like really weird stuff, like what's the price that they easily could hit shop now.

And we're just kind of looking for the nuggets. That's all we're looking for. We're forming.

And for this particular one right here, we saw two girls tag each other and say, let's do this on our next girl night. I'm like, huh? Okay.

Then we asked ourselves, could we position this product as a fun activity for girls night? And we first asked ourselves that question to see, okay, Hey, is this a viable solution? Right?

Would people actually potentially see this as a viable solution for that desire? Because if they don't see it and they don't, you know, like kind of like accept it, it's just really, really, really difficult to get them to accept it and becomes very difficult. So for us, we want to actually kind of just kind of understand that first and then, okay, yes, we can easily see people having fun with this for girls night.

Then we wrote our hook. This is my girlies called our ideal audience who need a girl's night soon. And then this is kind of intriguing a little bit curiosity and kind of leaving like a little cliffhanger here for like an implied benefit here.

So, huh, I'm a girl. I need a girl's night soon. What is this?

I want to know. And this is where we write our script. Now we want to continue that thought from that hook into a script that talks about a girl who recently did this on a girl's night and she's just simply telling a story, right?

You know, we've always seen those people like on Facebook after they go try something really cool. And they start talking about, Oh my gosh, it's so amazing. Blah, blah, blah, blah.

Like that's literally what we want to do here. And that's essentially what we did in this particular creative right here. Got the hook and we told a story around it.

And that's where we're going to go into our $200,000 creative. We spent over $200,000 on this creative and it's very simple. It's super simple, but there's definitely a strategy behind this.

And I want to show you guys this strategy. So number one, we researched reviews on our website. That's where we found it on our website.

So we didn't go on competitors. We did our website. And then we just simply looked at the fact that people wanted to make their whole look better.

A lot of people are saying how good it made their whole look. And we just simply wanted to articulate that to people. So what we did was is we found that desire and then we wrote our hook.

Hey, they know, we know they want to make their whole look better. So what we did was, is make sure all look better. Very straightforward with it.

Then what we did was, is we knew we needed to create a before and after, right? Because you know, one, we couldn't just really show like a visual of it because of Facebook. Now we'd get us banned.

We did a before and after of a visual of it. We'd be extreme banned. So we need to figure out a way, how can we do a before and after around like a analogy or a metaphor?

And that's how we came up with the donuts. How could we visually articulate this without showing the real thing? Because one, I don't want to edit that.

Two, I don't want to see that. Number three, I'm going to get banned on Facebook the immediate, I upload that. So that's where I do metaphor analogy.

Those are okay to run on Facebook ads. It's closeups of skin. It's sensitive issues.

It's money. Those before and afters are the ones that get you banned. So you can run before and afters like this with no problem at all.

We do it all the time. But if I were to show the real thing here, banned immediately. If I would do like before and after, like dirty teeth, white teeth, banned, hair, hair, banned, you know, someone with a stomach, someone with abs, banned, someone's Chase bank account, you know, negative, then positive, a couple hundred thousand dollars banned.

All of those things get you banned money and closeups of skin and sensitive issues. Those get you banned. But before and afters like this work phenomenal.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you're doing at least a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue, and you want me to come into your Facebook ad account and start running your ads, click link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads.

And if you're doing less than a hundred thousand dollars a month, and you want me to mentor you one-on-one then click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. Thank y'all so much for watching today's video. Hope you have a good rest of y'all day.

Peace out.