Three myths of running Facebook ads that is keeping you broke. Number one, we're going to start with ad pockets. This is something that I think I've been hearing about since, you know, when I started running Facebook ads in 2015, to be fair, and something I even personally believed on.

And this is where there's a belief that depending on different ad sets or different ads you launch, you want to duplicate them a few times to hit different pockets of audiences. And this is completely false. Yes, you will see some of them do better than others.

And the reason why is because you're competing against yourself. If you take the same ad set and duplicate it a few different times, yes, one will do way better. Why?

Because you're competing against all of them. And Facebook's going to prioritize one. And that one's going to outbid the others and do better.

It's going to prioritize that ad higher up on the feed. So yes, in the sense of if you actually do the test, one will do better. But it's only because you're manipulating the account to produce that result.

And again, I used to do the same thing. If you look at my old videos right there, I used to duplicate ads. I used to duplicate campaigns and ad sets and stuff like that to try to find the best pocket.

And then what I learned is that was a completely false statement. So just let your one ad run. And as you give it time to optimize, it's going to produce the best results it can.

This is something that once I veered away from, it significantly cut down my time in the ad account because I'm no longer worried about duplicating ads or duplicating ad sets, audiences, campaigns, and all that good stuff. And definitely what I would say a habit that once I broke free, it made me feel a lot better and more efficient inside of the account. Myth number two is pretty much where does Facebook do its targeting?

A lot of people believe that Facebook does the targeting at the ad set level. And while it is kind of true, it's not entirely true. So when you actually look at where the targeting is done, campaign level, there's no targeting.

You're just simply creating the campaign. Ad set level, you put your targeting thing inside of there in terms of age, gender, location. There's any particular interests or custom audiences you want to use or lookalikes or anything like that.

Me personally, I just keep it broad. I keep it age, gender, location, because I know the ad set doesn't do the targeting. The real targeting happens at the creative level.

And each creative has its own audience. So it's not like, hey, all of the creatives in that ad set are going to do the same targeting. No, each individual ad is going to target a different group of people.

Now, who does this creative target? And this is actually the people that resonate with that creative you build. It starts off with the hook.

This starts off with the visuals you put in there, the benefits, the audience you're actively trying to push this product in front of. That's where it does the targeting. And then what Facebook does is Facebook tries to find people who fit that targeting around that creative, tries to find people within that bucket in your ad set level.

This is why I like to keep it broad, just age, gender, location, because I know if I select an interest and my creative appeals to a large group of people, but it only appeals to a small group of people in that bucket of that interest group, then I'm only going to limit the success potential of that creative right there. So that's why I like to keep it broad. And I focus all my targeting on the creative.

What I build is what attracts my ideal customer. This is where market research comes in play, building effective hooks, understanding market awareness, desire, sophistication, and all these high level things that you can now understand in my new ebook, which just dropped below in the comments, where I take you through that step-by-step process of research, positioning, desires, and all of those good things right there. So that's what creates your audience.

And then that is myth number two. Now, myth number three is creative fatigue. This is a big one again, that we've seen a long time where we have a belief that if, you know, every seven days we have to cycle in a whole new creatives.

And while I do focus on testing new creatives every week, I don't focus on creative fatigue being the issue there. So creative fatigue as what people understand is that after a creative has spent a certain amount of money or has been running for a certain period of time, it needs to be turned off and new ads need to be put in the account. I have some creatives that are still been running since 2020.

I have some ads that have spent multiple hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad spend for our clients. While I also have some clients where we spent two, 300 bucks on the creative and it failed after a couple hundred dollars to spend. What is the difference though?

The difference comes down to number one, the number of people that resonate with that ad. You know, if you go after something like the number of people who want to start working out versus the number of people who are looking for, you know, a certain type of squat exercise to better tone, increase the definition in their quads. That's going to be a significantly smaller group of people versus the number of people who want to start working out.

That's a much larger market right there. Now, those are examples right there of how one creative might appeal to more people versus the other creative might appeal to a smaller group of people. But then the second aspect on top of just understanding what your market wants is also different types of visuals.

Like if I make an ad, it's just simply not entertaining. You know, I could have the right desire. I could have the right process of which how I do all these marketing fundamentals and stuff.

But if I just do it in a bad way, I do it in a way that just simply makes people like, eh, I'm going to scroll past this. That's also going to resonate with a small group of people. So yes, the marketing fundamentals play a big impact for reaching a large group of your market.

But then also the other aspect is just simply creating good content that people want to watch. You know, there's a certain number of people that love watching this channel because of the level of content I make. But then there's other people that, you know, there's like that are making exactly the same pieces of content as me.

But, you know, it's just not as refined. They don't sound as confident when they're talking. They don't portray these things in the best way possible.

And, you know, I wish them the best and hope then they can get, you know, level up just like me. But the reason why you jump to me is because I'm a little bit better at portraying those things. And that's what a lot of time I'll see in creatives where some people, they just simply haven't mastered that skill set of being able to create those creatives that are entertaining and stuff like that.

And the only difference I see is number one, time and attention that goes into it. And then number two, just number of reps, right? The more reps you put in at creating creatives, the better you get.

The creatives I create is based off 10 years of experience. Whereas there's some people, they create one ad, it doesn't work. And then they go test another ad, it doesn't work.

And they think they're the worst ever. And they just never do it again. But the repetition is what makes it better.

That's what's going to allow you to start opening up larger markets of people. And that's how you can beat that creative fatigue and start finding ads that are more scalable. So looking at things like the desires you're going after, the number of people that resonate with that particular ad, is that the best piece of content we can possibly create?

All of those key things right there play an impact in that creative fatigue of opening up larger groups of people. So that way we can spend more money. Each ad is going to get you to a certain level in the business.

You know, there's ads that I'm spending at $100 a day. Those are not going to be the same ads I spend at $10,000 a day. A $10,000 a day ad is going to look much different than a $100 a day ad.

If you go on my channel, I've created now two videos, a $100 ad versus a $100,000 ad and a $100 ad versus a $50,000 ad. And I show very clear examples in the creative. So I highly recommend you go and check out those videos because, you know, we could have easily been in that same boat right there with creative fatigue at the $100 a day one.

But then we realized if we just make better creatives like we did and I show you, then we've spent a couple hundred thousand dollars and it's working at a significantly better rate. So these are three myths about Facebook ads that's keeping you broke. I hope you enjoyed this video.

Hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to run your Facebook ads, click the link below.

Have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads. If you want one-on-one mentoring with me, click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. And if you want my Facebook ads course, that's over a hundred videos of step-by-step videos on how to create Facebook ads that convert, click the link below to Nick's Facebook ads course.

Thank you all for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.