Three reasons why Shopify stores are not profitable with Facebook ads. Today we'll be going over the exact three reasons that I see from time to time again. I've done over $100 million in online revenue for clients with Facebook ads.

And today I'm going to be pulling back the major three reasons I see consistently of what's holding people back with their Facebook ads. So reason number one, there is no margin. I see this, this is probably the first thing I see 90% of the time because we, for every sales call I take, I immediately look through the margin of the products.

How much profit are they making per order on the first purchase? And if I remember correctly, I'll make sure to put, drop this Google sheet for you guys below. But this is one of the first things I like to do with clients or potential prospects that are reaching out to us is actually go through their target CPA specifically.

So here we got the average order value. You know, you can just type in your AOV over the last, you know, three months specifically, maybe the last 30 days, maybe the last week, if you've only been in business for a period of time, maybe you're not even in business yet. Then just the product price specifically, then how much is cost of goods?

And then how much is shipping and handling? So you can see right here with $20 of shipping and handling and $12 of cost in goods, this only puts us at a 47% calculated gross margin. We like at least a 70%.

So either two things, we need to increase the AOV or we need to cut down one of these costs or find a different product. So actually one of three things. So we want to see at least a 70%.

So maybe we figure out how to cut down shipping and then maybe we increase the AOV. All right. So now we're at 69%.

Yeah. So we're pretty damn close to 70 right there. So we can actually run something like that specifically.

So there you go. So first thing is just margin. And again, we want to lease the 70% margin.

These are other things that I talk about, but if you just go on the YouTube video, how to calculate your target CPA, you can actually get the sheet yourself and you can actually understand how all this other stuff works as well. But that's not what this video is for. It's just for the margin side.

And again, how to calculate your target CPA. Look it up on the YouTube channel. I have a video specifically with this Google sheet that you can download.

Now, reason number two is a bad product. The product sucks. And I like to tell people all the time, are you selling an iPhone 2.0 when everyone wants a 15?

Right now in the marketplace, if your product cannot, if your phone cannot keep up with an iPhone 15 or a Samsung 23, I think it is now, will your product survive? No, it will not. Your product needs to compete with the other products in the marketplace.

It needs to be better than other products and, or it needs to be a product that no one's ever seen before. But 90% of people are running products that quite frankly, people have already seen before. They've seen it from time to time again.

So in this particular case right here, you need a product that's better than the marketplace. Next thing we had a potential client or no, we had a client that we were shipping the product out and everything. And, you know, quite frankly, we had a lot of refunds for this particular client in terms of not, not them refunding from the agency, but just, you know, the customers refunding from them specifically and found out that the product was breaking very easily.

Another big thing right there. Does your product break easily? You know, does it get messed up during shipping?

If people are receiving the product and it's broken because you have a bad shipping, then that becomes another issue right there. Does your product arrive in a bag in a different language? Come on guys.

We see this all the time. Drop shippers, literally shipping a product, you know, from another country and they're shipping it to America and it's like a different language on the bag on the outside. You can't even read the instructions or anything like that.

That's bad business right there. Next one, does shipping take a month? No one wants to order a product and it'd take a month to come in.

Look at Amazon specifically. Amazon, two to three day shipping, two to five day shipping now specifically. People, we live in a world where people want things immediately and with shipping taking a month, it becomes extremely difficult for us to be able to, you know, really grow a brand.

You know, no one's going to want to repeat purchase from you. People are going to be so mad at you that when they get the product, quite frankly, they probably won't even use the product itself. So this becomes a huge issue with shipping.

And then reason number three is bad ads. You know, there's a lot of people in the space that I see that just simply toss a photo or a video of their product and slap a discount code on it and like, all right, why are my ads not converting? In order to effectively advertise in 2023 or 2024 and win with Facebook ads, you have to understand your markets.

You have to understand identity, their desire, their market awareness, their market sophistication to formulate an ad that actually goes ahead and appeals to these things. That's going to make you stand out. You're positioning your product in a way in the marketplace that makes you the obvious choice.

And it comes down to your ads itself. I see too many people that miss this mark. They create ads that talks all about their product, but does not talk about what your consumers want.

You need to effectively be able to reach out to those wants, those desires, the marketplace and be able to communicate to them that your product solves them. And that's one of the biggest things that we transform for our clients, for our students is their ads. Once we can effectively create better ads, we can drastically scale up results in the account.

So this becomes super, super important for this part right here. And it's why we hone in so much on ad testing. All right, guys.

Hope y'all enjoyed this video today. Make sure you hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, Friday.

And if you haven't already, make sure you click the link below to either have Nickterio run your ads or have Nickterio mentor you where I break down, you know, basically get a free strategy session for the agency or me actually mentoring you and actually helping you out specifically with running your ads and everything like that. So thank you all for watching. Hit that like button.

Hit that subscribe button. And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.