What's going on guys, welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriault and today I have an exciting new video for you guys where we're going to go over three easy secret little things you can do in your Facebook ad creatives that's going to make you better ad creatives that's going to allow you to scale significantly faster with Facebook ads. So diving into number one is always showing the desired result in the hook.

Yes, there's, you know, some different things that'll happen here with like market awareness and stuff like that. But in 90% of cases, showing the desired result in the hook is always going to be the easiest way to capture attention of your target audience. If you get more people to scroll stop, then you'll get more people that watch the video or look at the image, which will get more clicks and more conversions.

Easiest way to put something in front of people that's going to get them to stop is by literally just showcasing them what they want. I see this a lot specifically if you look at like gym talk, you know, basically just the gym niche on like TikTok. You'll always see like, do you want, you know, six pack abs?

And you'll show a guy like, you know, showing off his six pack. Or you'll show a girl like secret exercise to get better glutes. And you'll show a girl in the mirror like showing off her glutes and stuff like that.

You always start off with the desired visual of what people want in the hook right there. And that's going to get more people to stop based off what they want. So that's number one right there.

Always show the desired result in the hook. Now, number two, this is going to be going more for sophisticated marketplaces. And I would say probably 90% of the people that watch this YouTube channel are in sophisticated marketplaces.

It just means that there's a lot of competition in the marketplace. Leveraging gym talk again, we're going to use an example where like instead of saying like, here's how to grow your biceps. Someone who's already been going to the gym for a while, they likely are not going to watch a video.

Here's how to grow your biceps because they already know how to grow their biceps. But if I say, here's how to grow your biceps using this little known method that bodybuilders don't want you to know about called the ABC method. You would be like, whoa, what the hell is this method?

Because one, we're leveraging authority. Two, we're kind of hinting at the fact that no one, bodybuilders don't want you to know about this. And then we're also calling out ABC method.

Now, ABC could just be whatever the name of your mechanism is within your product. That's going to get people results. That's different compared to everyone else.

Now, again, why does this work? Because it makes people, it kind of calls out something that people haven't heard of before. If we call it something people haven't heard of before, they're more intrigued.

Like, oh, wait, what is that? So for someone who's already tried to accomplish something and got no results, they start to lose hope. The desire to grow their biceps is still there, but they lose hope at obtaining that thing.

So we have to introduce new hope. So if people have already watched a ton of videos on how to grow their biceps and they've tried these exercises with no success, they're not going to stop on the same video that says, here's how to grow your biceps. Because people are just going to be like, yeah, no, fuck that.

I've already watched all these videos. So that's why we called out this new thing in the hook. And again, we'll show the desired result and we'll call out the fact of this new technique right there.

Now, number three, the last easy secret little technique that you can leverage to make better Facebook ad creatives that scale is by going after underserved markets. Underserved markets just basically mean that not many people are advertising to those specific people. Again, going after the gym talk.

Here's how to lose weight. Okay, so we have two options. Number one, we could go after and introduce a new technique, which is like what we talked about in the last little tip.

This one right here is actually going after a underserved market. So more identity marketing. So here's how a busy nurse who works 12-hour shifts can lose weight.

Here's how a busy nurse who works 12-hour shifts can eat clean to lose weight. So we're calling out a more sub-specific type of person. And this is really powerful right here because if I'm sitting down and I'm a busy nurse and I'm watching videos on how to lose weight and then I see a video says, here's how a nurse or as a busy nurse, I can eat clean and lose weight.

I'm going to be more inclined to follow this particular video over this video because this particular video talks directly to me. And this is such an easy lesson, but I see so many people miss out on this. So just look at your core main desire and then look at more specifically who are the specific types of people that have the desire.

And then you build a whole creative around that specific person versus just the main desire in general right there. Now, I know a lot of people will question and be like, well, Nick, that's a smaller market. It won't scale as much.

Basically, the way to look at it is, yes, it is a smaller market of people, but you can look at it this perspective. You could call out you have the same thing as all of these people and literally reach like no one of that main market because you're just getting crushed by everyone else. Or you can call out a sub market of those people and you could have maybe 10 to 20% of that market and own that 10 to 20% of the market versus trying to get 90% in the market and getting nowhere.

And I've seen this work really well for a lot of our clients and even 10 to 20% of the market. I'm still talking about a seven figure a month business right there. So it's not necessarily like, oh, you only get 10, 20% of the market and that's shared that desire.

And then you only get like a couple hundred grand a year. No, I'm still talking about seven figure a month business depending on the desire you're going after. So thank you all so much for watching this video, guys.

If y'all enjoyed it, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to come into your business, do all the market research, write out all the ad scripts, create all the creatives for you, and then actually go into your Facebook ad account and run all of your Facebook ads and scale your account.

Click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. And if you'd rather just hop on some calls with me and we go over your ads and go over your ad account, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.