For sure, I think one of the main things that people underestimate when they get on the platform is... And my first like 10 videos was like, you know, fucking dog and my snake and stuff like that. Like, I can't really talk from first-hand experience, but from what I've heard is that they kind of categorize you into a specific niche.

As soon as you make an account with your first interaction and posts. What's the next secret, man? Is this a secret?

I don't know. I've heard a lot of people talk about it, but I'm kind of here to hammer that through once more. Yo, what's going on, guys?

Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio, and today I have an exciting new video for you guys. You guys have been asking from time to time again, Nick, do more videos on TikTok ads.

So I went to the legend. I went to the man himself who is a master with TikTok ads. Guys, I have a special guest for you guys today who has done, you know, basically taken a brand and doubled their revenue with TikTok ads.

Taken from $500,000 a year to a million dollars a year, specifically with TikTok ads. And as well, in just the last three months, I spent over $450,000 on TikTok ads. Quite frankly, I haven't even touched that number yet on TikTok.

So guys, I want to introduce you to Justin. Justin, what's going on, man? Yo, thank you for the intro.

You're welcome, man. So thanks for having me on. You're welcome.

I'm very excited for this today. I know you have some interesting stuff to talk about with the guests. Do you want to kind of just give them like a little sneak peek of what specifically we're talking about today?

Yeah, sure. So we're going to have three key points, you know, three kind of secrets to help you grow on TikTok, both from an ad and organic perspective, because we do both at the agency. So definitely want to touch on those and give people some snippets into what it's been like to grow a brand like the stats you mentioned earlier.

Awesome. Yeah, I'm super stoked for this one, because, you know, on top of like the viewers getting amazing value from this, I know I'm going to get some value of this because I love TikTok, but I just quite frankly haven't made that investment yet into it. And while I understand the principles, it's also cool because like your first person actually had a conversation about TikTok on in depth like this.

So I'm super stoked for this. And guys, I know you're on a super big treat for this. Make sure you hit the like button and get ready for this particular these three key secrets.

So before we get in that, though, do you want you to tell everyone like a little bit about yourself? Like what what specifically do you do? You do TikTok ads.

How'd you get your start in it? I'm curious to learn a little bit more about you. Yeah, let's do it.

So I got my starts with I think a lot of us agency owners did, you know, on Facebook ads. I officially started the business in December of 2020, unofficially in September of 2020 was more of the freelance solo routes. I was actually in college doing graphic and web design.

And then as I was getting ready to graduate, decided to start the agency to have something to look up to afterwards. So anyways, long story short, I switched from design to marketing right around the start of 2021 and introduced TikTok in the pool. I think the first time we ever ran ads on the platform was in July of last year for a skincare brand.

Not going to lie, it did not go well at all. We were very neat to the platform. It was a horrible experience to start with.

But luckily, you know, things picked up and we saw we really saw the potential both on the ad side of things. And also when I blew up personally on the platform, my first out of my first three videos on the platform, two of them got over 300,000 views. It was just a story.

And that really led me to wanting to dive deeper on this and try and mimic that for our brands. Now, is that 300,000 views those first few videos on the platform? Is that like your personal brand or is that more for the skincare brand you're working with?

That was for my personal brand, actually. And if you look at my profile today, you're not going to be able to see them. You're going to see the likes still on the profile that are very high.

But that is, I mean, honestly, I'm kind of ashamed of these videos. They're more kind of joke videos. I was calling trans back then.

But yeah, it's two out of the first three videos on the platform just blew up. And those were, again, during the pandemic, I was a student. So I was kind of making students jokes, just felt like the audience related from that.

And yeah, just wanted to get more into that after seeing the potential that the platform had. Awesome. And those are purely organic, correct?

Yeah, purely organic. No ads from that. Awesome.

So yeah, so you got into the platform, you start running some organic and you saw the potential with TikTok specifically. And then obviously, this is what kind of made you say, hey, like, you know, if this works for me, would this work for other businesses as well? Exactly.

Because we were doing pretty good for ourselves with only Facebook, actually, back then. We were lucky enough to be in a very small market. We got started with the agency in the French-Canadian markets.

All of our brands were from there. So it's quite different in advertising in the U.S., Canada, U.K. Since then, now it's about 30%, a little less than that, actually, that our clients are from there.

But yeah, I wanted to bring that to these clients and not only rely on Facebook. Awesome. Yeah.

I find that's like a lot of people now who are on TikTok is because they were heavily reliant on Facebook and they just want that extra, you know, channel. When you're dominantly just on Facebook, you basically have a one-leg stool. And, you know, Facebook goes down, your whole business goes down under.

So I have a lot of respect for people that are branching into TikTok. It may not be your primary channel, but at least investing into it to one day have huge payoffs in that side right there. So I really do like your way of, hey, everyone's on Facebook.

Let me go check out TikTok and get that moving because we need people like you guys on that side right there. And, you know, trying to specialize in everything is very difficult. So I really love the way you went with that.

So obviously you started from there and you saw the power. You started pitching brands. And then obviously you probably closed you a few counts and stuff like that.

And what was probably like maybe one of your first success stories with TikTok ads? All right. So with this Underworld brand, we've actually put in $37,000 into ads and brought back $163,000 in ads.

And yeah, it was basically pretty good, honestly, on that front. That was part Q4 last year, part beginning of this year too. And yeah, I would say that was one of our real first good experience with the platform.

Dude, that's incredible. So you said $37,000 and $163,000 in revenue? Exactly.

Exactly. Wow. That's really good.

Yeah. Yeah. So through that period.

My question, and I ask every marketer this, why didn't you spend more? Yeah. That is the question, Nikhil.

Honestly, I think a lot of this, most of the time, is we'd want to spend more. There's also the client expectations part of things. We, look, this client was not used to spending as much as we even spent during that period.

It was a first Q4 period for them also. So they did not really know what to expect and they budgeted something specifically for these campaigns. So really, I'd say this is why.

There's probably no other excuse. We always kind of recommend it to increase the budget when we see that stuff is working amazing. But it can get scary on the client side of things to spend this much on ads when you're not used to it.

Absolutely. Absolutely. And you did an amazing job, too, on that particular ROAS.

If that was a client that could handle all of that, I mean, I would have been scaling that up as hard as possible right there. So from a customer acquisition standpoint. But, dude, great work.

That's incredible. I haven't seen personally anything that I've been able to pull off past a 2x on TikTok. So it's cool to see because you also sell the belief into me that we need to put more pressure on this.

I mean, look, attribution is honestly not the best on TikTok. Like using stuff, I've seen you talk about it, I think, like Triple Wall and apps like that definitely help a lot. But TikTok specifically, when you look just at their ads manager, usually you won't see more than the two.

It's with other attribution softwares that you can really get the real numbers. Absolutely. I love that.

So you've got these amazing success stories and everything like that. And then now you probably have a few secrets up your sleeve to about succeeding with TikTok. So I'm curious.

I know you prepped some stuff for us on this call today to kind of help you guys out. You know, help some of these other people that's watching this channel succeed and hit these numbers you're hitting. So I'm curious.

What specifically, what are the secrets people need to know if they're doing TikTok ads themselves? For sure. I think one of the main things that people underestimate when they get on the platform is the creative side of things.

Just the creative demand that you need to succeed on there. You know, when you're doing Facebook and even then in the last year, I'm not going to lie, Facebook itself has been relying heavily on creatives. But on TikTok, that's pretty much all there is.

So there's, you know, creative testing and also creator testing, which is basically finding the right people to speak for your brand. Because there's a difference between the people that buy the brand's products and the actual ideal buyers that sometimes brand owners have in mind. And there sometimes is a mismatch.

Like they want to attract X, but actually Y is the people, you know, buying their products. So building a creative network is a pretty big endeavor to take when you first get on the platform. I always tell people, be prepared to fail.

Like literally, even ourselves right now, still finding a way to really nail this down. Because there's a lot of variables at play. You deal with humans.

There's unpredictability. Shipping the products. Making sure that they receive it in time.

Shooting the content. Editing the contents. Making, you know, some variations out of that.

So building a creative network, I think, is something that is probably the biggest long-term investment that any brand owner watching this can do for their brand. Those seven costs. And you'll also be able to just tap into them and create these long-term relationships with these creators.

So they win because they make money. And the brand owners too. And, you know, having this access to these creators.

So something I've also mentioned was creative testing, which basically is out of maybe a pool of 10 to 15 creators that you work with. There might only be two or three that really resonate with the audience. So really, like, double down on the creators that work.

Just like you would double down on creatives that work. And then just create some more winners at that. So, you know, creative testing is now part of the creative iteration process that you would usually do on, you know, Facebook.

I love that you mentioned the creator testing. That's such a, like, we've seen night and day difference in results, which is different creatives. You know, one particular creative, different age, different ethnicity, things like that.

Versus another creator, different age, different ethnicity, and just like 90-day different results. And I think it's super important. So you're saying- Concepts sometimes.

Yeah. Same brief, same concept. It's just somebody different.

They'll just resonate better. Absolutely. I love that.

So you're saying, so step one is to build a creator network of people that you can practically, I mean, just, hey, email. Hey, we need these ads filmed. And boom, they can get it done for you pretty quickly.

Exactly. Because there's a bunch of solutions online that are, you know, paid for brand owners to actually get into that. I just have found myself that they're actually pretty expensive if you want to get into those.

So I have to tell people, you know, either through an agency that you work with, like, you know, kind of we do, you get access to their creators or you do it yourself in-house. You build your own creator network and you build relationships with them. It's, they become almost part of your team at some point.

I love it. Yeah. And guys, some of those paid things he's talking about, we like to leverage incense.pro.

We've been using them for about a year now. They've done dozens of UGC videos as far as we absolutely love them. But yes, it is, I mean, it is pricey.

I think it's like $750 per quarter. You have to pay all up at once. And that's not even, that's not even what you have to pay the creator to on top of sitting in the product.

So it is pricier. So I do like what he says about building a creator network and, you know, it might even be using some of these services to source those creators to eventually to where you have your bank. But I really do like that.

That's something I definitely think we need to work on too in our agency. I mean, we tried incense. I've actually did some videos on incense.

I've tried hashtag paid. There's also Grin. You know, there's a bunch of them.

But at the end of the day, it might just be a personal thing. I just like having everything in-house. I'm one of these guys where I don't really like white labeling if I don't have to.

I don't, I just like to have our own stuff. Plus, it keeps the business a little bit more lean. So if we can do that for us, but also for the clients, I think, you know, they win too.

You know, they'll get better margins at the end of the day. Absolutely. And again, not knocking the paid platforms, just saying this is the next evolution of something, you know.

Yeah, of course. Exactly. Like we started and we still use, like, again, I'm definitely not throwing in shade.

Like we love these platforms. They're great. We still use them internally.

I just think there's a point where when you really start growing your influencer marketing pool, you know, for TikTok, it probably makes sense for you to transition more to an in-house model. Love it. Love it.

Awesome, man. That's definitely a very viable secret. So what's the next secret, man?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So another one I think is, is this a secret? I don't know.

I've heard a lot of people talk about it, but I'm kind of here to hammer that through once more is more about the quantity versus quality debate that there is with TikTok. And I think especially with what happened recently with big accounts like Andrew Tate, probably a lot of people started seeing, you know, online out of the blue, really is a testament for quantity. You know, this guy kind of came out, again, out of nowhere with a bunch of contents and he just took over the internet.

And that's really what we're seeing also on our side is the more quantity you have, both organically and paid, I'll get into paid in a second, but organically specifically, like a lot of experts will recommend three or four times a day for you to post as like a sweet spot. And we're even seeing right now having more than one accounts can help you tap into different audiences. So you'll have, you know, I'm giving you an example, let's say you'd have Nick Dario, then you might have Nick moments or Nick clips, you know, something like that.

And then you have kind of different accounts posting different styles of contents, again, kind of repurpose, you can split test some stuff. And you'll usually tap into different audiences on TikTok. So different accounts with the higher post frequency is something that works really well run organically.

And on the paid side of things is kind of we mentioned earlier, you need content to propel these ads. And TikTok has quite a higher barrier to entry than Facebook does, because you kind of have like if you're using a CBO campaign, you need to spend at least 50 bucks a day. So there is like these very small brands can't really hop on there.

But nonetheless, is is once you start scaling, you really need to have a lot of creatives on hand. So which is why, like, if you're already producing these creatives for the organic side of things, produce them in mass and create variations, both organically for ads, because you want to educate your star you want to sell when you advertise and you want to engage and kind of educate when you want to do organic. So same content, just with a different CTA.

I like that. So make sure you're creating content that's algorithm aligned plus conversions aligned. So that's engaging, that's entertaining, but also to still sell people on the product itself.

Exactly, exactly. And like what we're doing as kind of a supplement to our brand's actual organic strategy is we'll usually throw in some of the ads as organic posts. So that way it does also help them out on that side.

But we always recommend to kind of do separate content for both because it won't really work the same. Like, yes, organic posts that went viral, there's a good chance that if you turned out as an ad, it would work. But there are cases which that's not true because that organic post went viral because it might be funny, it might be engaging, but it might just not sell.

It might just not convert, right? People laugh at it, but they don't really want to buy from it. So this, you know, there's these scenarios where you will need to change the content style depending on ads or organic.

I love that. I love that a lot. And, you know, it also kind of reminds me of my situation right now where, you know, you said something about different accounts for like different types of content.

And this is something I'm going through right now because I'm finally just starting to upload Facebook ads videos on TikTok. And my first like 10 videos was like, you know, a fucking doll, get my snake and stuff like that. Got a fuckload of views.

And then now I'm uploading Facebook ad videos. I'm getting like five views, 10 videos a video. And then my Instagram reels, it's like crushing it.

But I've always uploaded Facebook ads content on my Instagram. So like it's a little bit more tailored. So I'm at the point now where I'm like, I'm about to create another account specifically for Nick Terrell Facebook ads.

Totally makes sense. I mean, I've like, I can't really talk from firsthand experience, but from what I've heard is that they kind of categorize you into a specific niche as soon as you make an account with your first interactions and posts. So it is like if you do a complete 360 with your content at some point, it's worth it to make a new account.

Or if you want to explore different styles of content, just make more than one account and split test it that way. I love that, man. That's really valuable right there.

So we got build a creator bank, splits us, different accounts, posting multiple days on organic and also creating content that's both algorithm and conversion aligned. So really good steps there. And number three, what does number three look like, man?

Number three is I think this is probably going to go a little bit more contrary to some of what people say. I'd say, look, a lot of people, even for e-com, they're wasting time creating short form contents. They're going short form first, or I'd say just like what we're doing right now, you know, long form content, focus on that.

And there's a lot more you can do from there. And I'm going to throw that in with an example, an actual example of one of our brands, which they're within the fashion industry in the UK. They actually have a YouTube channel, which they're basically a 70s fashion clothing brand.

So very niche down. And what they're doing, they're doing kind of music videos where the actors are wearing their clothes. They're also doing some kind of behind the scenes stuff on YouTube.

And that repurposed into short form content can do amazing. Like it shows even more the behind the scenes part of things where a lot of people will align themselves with your brand. So what I mean by that is like, let's say you go on TikTok and all you post about is selling, right?

You just have, as I mentioned earlier, TikToks that they show products, call to actions or shop now or check out our website or look at our stuff. I mean, your audience will get tired very quickly. Like you don't build much from there.

There's not a lot of connection. TikTok really is made to create this deeper sense of connection. So if you can make long form content, repurpose that into short form, even as a brand, not just as a personal brand.

So as an actual e-commerce brand, you'll create this deeper link. Like you'll be able to, you know, out of a, let's say music video, like I just talked about, you can make snippets. And yeah, we found that working amazingly well with some of our brands.

So, you know, one podcast a week or one long YouTube video or something a lot of brand owners do already is like they go live. They do like an IG live or they do like a TikTok live that also repurposed into short form content could do well, right? You're doing a new collection launch.

You're talking about the attributes of your collection. We've actually started repurposing these lives into shorter format videos and then into ads work amazingly well. So kind of repurpose, repurpose, repurpose is kind of the topic of that third point.

It's both on, you know, TikTok itself on IG Reels and now YouTube Shorts, right? Which seems to be doing very good recently. And they've, you know, released the YouTube Short ads, which could also be something interesting to explore.

We haven't yet the agency, but sure is an opportunity out there. I love that you said that because I was having a conversation last night with another YouTuber in the Facebook ads niche. And basically, we just started getting into YouTube Shorts.

And we're crushing it. We're getting like 500, 600, 2,000 views a short. Whereas like Instagram getting 3 to 400 and then TikTok getting like 10 to 20 views.

But I initially took the approach of long form content, converting it into short term form content by just simply like, you know, cropping in and stuff like that. But then now what we're doing is we're filming a long video. Then I'm pulling out three key points and then I'm refilming it as a short specifically.

So that's also another route too for you guys who are struggling with pulling from long form content. You get a lot of good ideas from that. But I'm also noticing is like Shorts is a really good tool for brand awareness.

And long form content is a really good tool for selling in that sense right there. And I'm also noticing too, it's the audience quality is different. My YouTube videos, I get one or two dislikes a video.

Like 30 to 100 likes. Yeah. My Shorts, I'm getting like 12 likes and like six dislikes.

I'm like, what the hell? It humbles you quick. It does.

It does. But, you know, kind of tailoring back to that again, one thing, because I can't really talk for experience in terms of long form content for brands, except for lives, which lives is really what we've a little deeper. And having the brand owner do a live when they do like a new collection or something is, it's honestly been very valuable.

Like they get a ton of conversions just from that live itself. But from everything that we can pull out of that is, is, is the best. Like we, we can pull snippets from this and it did convert amazingly well.

So they do a live, we'll run story ads on, on, you know, IG as an example, and then something on TikTok or on reels works great. So as you said yourself, something that brand owners could even do watching this video right now is they do a live, they watch it back themselves. If I'm not mistaken, I think they can see peaks in their analytics on their lives that they do like on IG and stuff.

Just watch the peak moments and, and make short form content out of that. Like take your inspiration from there. That's really good, man.

I love that. Like I can let you guys in on a dirty little secret for lives as well. This is something that everyone's going to be doing it this year.

It's going to be crushing. If you have a really good following on TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, or anything like that, and you're running a black Friday sale, there's a way to where you can do a live and use something like OBS to pull in just a standard image or video. And you have a fucking like relay of like the black Friday sale going on right there.

And your live will be positioned to the top of everyone's stories because live is pushed higher than stories. Interesting. And then it's a really nasty way.

And I'm not going to share this with anyone ever again until after black Friday. I'm going to make an amazing case study with it. It's a really nasty way to keep your brand in front of attention all day and have a 24 loop of that particular video or image for black Friday.

Yep. Yep. I might have to relay that to the team.

Honestly, that's a great one. That's a great one. I saw a fashion brand that does like seven figures a month do that last year for the first time I've ever seen this before.

I'm like, we're doing that next year. We are doing that. So let me know.

Let me know. Try it out and let me know how it works for you this year because we're going to be doing it on all platforms this year. I'll try it for sure.

For sure. I think with TikTok too, it's going to work amazing. So let's give it a shot.

Let's give it a shot. So, well, dude, this was really valuable right here. I definitely learned a few things myself.

I literally have a notepad full of notes over here. So, you know, not bullshitting you on that side right there. I was really looking forward to this video because TikTok is still something I'm investing time and attention to.

Not as much as I should be, but it's something I'm very curious about and definitely something I want to expand and grow on. So I was able to get a few good tidbits from this. I hope everyone in the comments below was able to get some value from this.

Drop a comment below. What's your favorite part? And like, you know, what are you putting on taking action for?

But Justin, people watch this video. Maybe they don't want to do this themselves. What's, you know, how can they find you?

What's, what do you, what do you offer to people for TikTok? Yeah. Yeah.

First of all, I mean, you can find it on YouTube. If you just type Justin Lalonde, so L-A-L-O-N-D-E or same thing on Instagram. And, you know, what we offer is fully done for you, UGC content creation, as well as the ad part of things.

So basically everything is done for the brands. We source the creators. We'll pair them up with the creators.

We'll brief the creators, get the content. Our editing team will edit all of it. We'll post it organically and paid.

And that's it. So pretty much there's nothing else left to do on their part. Does your team manage the ads too?

Yeah. Yeah. We managed the ads too.

So we do basically, again, it's fully, full TikTok growth in-house. So advertising first. And we've kind of thrown in the organic part of things very recently on top of that.

So. Yeah. And guys, I can't stretch it all enough.

Like him having access to creators is super like important because a lot of people who we personally tried TikTok ads for. That's the biggest bottleneck. That's why, you know, we're working with 10 different brands.

We're spending roughly almost a million dollars a month right now on Facebook ads. And the only reason why we're not on TikTok is because they cannot do the workload on the creative side. So having someone that actually specializes with TikTok creators is super, super valuable.

So that's really the only way I've seen people succeed with TikTok from my personal experience. Definitely. Definitely.

As I think, again, as we kind of mentioned earlier, creatives are kind of the backbone, you know, of TikTok itself. So you need creators to be able to get on that. So it is a big bottleneck for a lot of people.

Definitely. Dude, I love it. I'll put your, is it your website?

Like do people go into like your website or something like that? Do you want to speak to you more about the TikTok side? Yeah, sure.

I mean, we can put the website in the description or again, straight up a DM on IG as an example also. And me and our team, we'll get back to them ASAP. Okay, cool.

And where can they find you on Instagram? Yeah. So at Justin, J-U-S-T-N.

So no I-L-A-L-O-N-D-E. And you should find me. Awesome.

Awesome. Yeah, we'll put your, that or your website. Can people schedule a call with you on your website?

Yep. Yeah. Perfect.

We can put both of those. Awesome. We'll put that in the below in the description.

So if you do want to speak to Justin about how we can help you with your TikTok ads, you can click the link below and book a call with him. And then from there, we'll put something together between me and Justin where if you mention my name on the call, maybe he'll hook you up with something. Don't know what that might look like yet, but we'll figure that out.

Let's do it. I'm down. I'll mention my name on the call.

And, you know, he'll hook you up with a little something sweet for you. So how does that sound, Justin? Sounds great.

Sounds like a plan. Awesome, man. If you DM me or if you put on the call, you can put the source.

If you put referral and if you just put Nick in there, we'll throw something, a little special something for it. Awesome. I love to hear it, man.

Awesome. Well, look, dude, this is super valuable. Before we hop off, is there any last more comments from you?

No, that's it. I mean, if you're not already on TikTok, just do it. I'd say get on with it right now.

I think we're still early. We're not as early as we were last year, but it's still not too late. Like CPMs are still at around $4 or $5 mark.

Very healthy. So do it now. Awesome.

I love to hear it, man. Look, Justin, thank you for coming on the channel. Thank you for spilling this amazing knowledge for everyone.

Hope you've got a great rest of your day, man. And hope everyone who watched us took some amazing knowledge. Make sure you hit that like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And drop a comment below if you would love a part two with Justin. Maybe if this video gets like 60, 70 likes, we can do a part two and we'll pick some of your comments to kind of go through and talk about on the next video.

So make sure you drop a comment below. And like I said, 60, 70 likes. I think we should be able to get that.

That's a good goal. Let's do it. Let's aim for that.

So I'm down. Awesome. Well, thank you so much for your time, Justin.

And guys, talk to you guys later. Peace. Thanks for having me.