Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today, I want to talk about three struggles of e-com brand owners that they really face when they're trying to scale their business and how to basically solve those in a nutshell. So before we get started, make sure that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My apologies guys.

I know last week we only posted one video, a very busy week out of town trip and everything like that. But we're back in action. So let's get started.

Hundreds of ad accounts and talking to hundreds of e-com brand owners. I've really kind of pinpointed the exact problems they face when they're trying to scale their business. These are things like not getting enough creative in, not being able to, you know, hitting revenue plateaus in their business and seeing profits decrease in more expensive advertising.

And because of this, they've really kind of hit this like halt in their business. And it really frustrating, honestly, it's, it's more of just like, what do we need to do to move forward? So before we actually start discussing this, just a little bit about me, um, again, my name is Nick Terrio.

I've generated over $10 million in online revenue in the last two years, helping e-com brands. Uh, we've helped businesses like Gritty Souls scale from negative on ads to $2.3 million in 15 months. Brands like middle address signs go from $7,000 a month to over $3 million in revenue in 24 months.

Brands like Icon Amsterdam go from 270K a month to doing their first million dollar month and ultimately doing $2 million in revenue within 90 days of us working together. And just between these brands' success and what made them different from all the accounts that we've audited is that they took and they've taken very successful actions that I'm going to show you in this video. So three struggles every econ brand faces is they're hitting revenue ceilings inside their business.

Robots is not where it used to be, you know, Oh, Robots was so good back in the day and ultimately creative is still and feels like they're pushing a dead horse. They feel like they're just regurgitating the same old stuff. So the solution, this is things that all of our clients take and allows us to scale our accounts at a steady pace is that they create new ads weekly that we guide them on.

So we guide them on the creation of the specific angle. Um, we write the copy. They create the creatives based off our storyboards and our like specific, like, Hey, we want you to recreate this ad specifically essentially right here.

And then we also like to create three iterations of our best performing creative. So go find your best performing video or photo in your account over the last week, maybe over the last month and create three iterations of weekly and put that testing. And basically what it does is if you create new iterations of your best performing stuff, it allows things to just kind of keep going on for a little bit longer, but the new angles is going to create the biggest impact in your business.

So you basically have two options from here. You can actually go ahead and find someone to do this stuff. I'm about to show you exactly what to do, or you can cut out some of your busy work.

You know, every econ brand owner is so busy. You can cut some of that busy work out and really focus time and attention on this. And look, to be honest, I think a lot of econ brand owners, a lot of their busy work, it's not busy at all.

It's not really productive. It's like customer service for five hours. Customer service does not make you money.

Go hire a VA to handle that for you. And that's going to give you substantially more time to focus on high revenue driven actions inside of your business. So when it comes down to create new ads weekly, new angles, weekly audience research, I feel like it's a thing that's like, Oh yeah, you do audience research once and you never do it again.

You need to repeatedly do audience research to continuously stay on top of what and how your audience is acting, what they're going through, and being able to formulate new ideas and angles around repeatedly doing audience research. So we highly recommend YouTube. YouTube is a really great place to find a lot of good content on your audience.

Look at competitors, look at products similar to your product. And this is going to allow you to basically dig through and get real footage of people talking about a product, but that's not it. The best part is looking at the comments.

You can get some really juicy golden nuggets from the comments of real people expressing their opinions, their concerns, their thoughts. And that right there is where we found the most impact in our advertising to get some really good ammunition, essentially in that case. So once you start building all this up, we recommend taking your some core emotions, the average human experiences and start to brainstorm new angles around your product.

So how does my product add love to someone's life? How does it make my consumer feel more loved? And then say fear, how does it remove fear from their life?

How does it like basically taking that removal of that fear from their life? That's going to get them to purchase. So maybe what fears they currently have right now that we can address.

So go over all these emotions because at the end of the day, people buy up emotion and justify logic. So this is only one part of the puzzle, but it's going to really help you come up with some new creative angles around your product. You sit down, you can probably plan out about 20 to 30 of them.

You pick out about five or six, it's next five to six weeks of angles of a new angle each week that you can specifically focus on when you're brainstorming everything. Now, after you brainstorm these angles, you need to be actually able to articulate them in a way that your editing team, whether it's, you know, in-house or using a service like No Limit Creatives. We highly recommend No Limit Creatives just because the fact of, you know, get a limited creatives for one flat fee per month and you click link below to get, you know, start up your little trial, whatever for them as well, if you want.

But you need an efficient way to articulate them of what you want. And we highly recommend using a storyboard template to be able to actually articulate your ideas in a way that it's easy for the editing team to understand. I see too many people like, oh, I want to create a, to do this, this, this, this, this, and it lists out, just basically regurgitate all this information that's hard to understand.

So you need an efficient way to be able to go ahead and transfer that information to the head of another person. That's why we recommend a storyboard. Just literally plan out.

Okay. Frame one, you know, we want a girl talking about AG one, which is have a lot of greens right here and it's scooping out the bucket. Great.

Boom. Scene two, we want a bottle popping up on the screen with, you know, five stars, over a hundred, a hundred thousand customers trust AG one, yada, yada, yada. So, you know, each frame right here, obviously you have a description and then you have like the copy you want specifically below it.

And these templates work really well. Like I said, easy way to articulate information to your editing team. Um, you can also take ads, uh, download them and just basically say, Hey, I want it to have the feel of this ad.

I want it to look like this ad in terms of the texts and stuff like that. Um, that's another just really great way to articulate information to your editing team, uh, to get that understood. Now, now that you're starting to create new angles each week, you're roughly creating six new ads every six, every week, six new creatives a week.

You need an efficient way to be able to go ahead and test these. So what we recommend is one creative testing campaign. It's an ABO campaign inside of Facebook.

And we basically just create like, like say, for example, each batch right here is an ad set. And we'll sometimes we'll do like one batch, uh, like batch seven right here. You can see it's a, a open, a look like, and a look like, but lately we've been just doing one batch per like three creatives.

So three creatives per ad set. We'll call it like batch one, batch one, these three creatives. And lately we've been actually just going off there purely open broad.

Um, all we're doing is age and gender. That's it. And your location.

So USA or Canada, yada, yada, yada, um, men 18 to 24, that's it. And there's a big reason why. Um, but we're just really starting to go down the broad route and that's a whole another video that to dive into why we're going broad.

So long story short, we're testing at low budgets. Typically it's one X, our target CPA for daily budget. And then once a creative spins inside that ad set spins, once it spins, I think it's a one X, our AOV lifetime.

If it's profitable, we leave it on. If it's unprofitable, we turn it off. And guess what spin?

We'll start going to the other creatives in that set. Cause I know everyone below is going to start commenting saying, Hey, well, what about the other creatives? Facebook's just going to pick one.

I know that. So that's why we pretty much want to monitor it and lifetime one extra AOV. Or if you're in Legion app installs, yada, yada, yada, three extra target CPA.

So when that lifetime spins on that and it's profitable, we're going to leave that ad on. If it's not profitable, we're going to turn it off. And we're looking for something juicy on there.

So again, your low budget testing, if you're break even ROAS is a two X and you're getting a two X, that's not a good ad. Look, so let you know. Now this particular account, the break evens like 1.5, 1.6.

So we're looking for like a 2.5, 3 X low budget testing. Guess what? Here's an example of a winning ad set.

3.36 ROAS amazing, incredibly good results on this particular credit for here. And we've, we found a winner. And then now we can actually move that into our scaling campaigns.

Fun. So our scaling campaigns now, in fact, our exact account structure now is literally one campaign for scaling, one campaign for retargeting and one campaign for testing. That's it.

That's the whole ad account. Okay. And we're keeping things very simple.

We're big budget CBO with one to two ad sets at max. That's it. This is going to keep things into active.

And we're also focusing on bigger, broader audiences because we're looking at the long-term longevity of a business. If your stuff ain't working on broad or bigger stuff, it's not your audience. It's your creative.

Your creative needs to be designed to go broad. And that's a whole nother video. Again, that's a bigger, deeper marketing, understanding and marketing fundamental understanding of how you can go broad and be very profitable.

So that being said, we just trickle in our new creatives as it become profitable into our scaling campaign. Oh, well, Nick, what about if it goes into learning? It's, it will, it will trigger that set into learning.

And that's okay. Because if it's a winning ad and you already have an ad set with winning ads in it, and it goes back into learning, it's okay. Three, it's going to go quickly back into active because you're spending a lot of money on this.

Secondly, it's going to good that it goes back into learning for a little bit because you're adding a new creative in, and that's going to allow it to kind of optimize around that creative as well as your new stuff as well. And you better push it from there. So that's how we essentially do it.

And it's working really well for us. And another thing to note from here as well, let's say you toss in some new creatives in there, it goes for a few days and it doesn't work at all. And it spends lifetime, lifetime on that particular ad.

And it's, you know, again, not profitable at all. If you spent more than your AOV, then just turn it off, call it a day. And you know, it worked well at low budget.

Great. Move it to a high scaling campaign. Didn't work at all.

Cut it. Just cut your last chart and keep moving on to that creative iterations and stuff and really playing on that creative side. So you can see right here inside of our ad account, we're spending little to no time in there.

We're spending an hour a week, if that, on our account. But where we're spending the other 39 hours of the week is we're focusing on this specific area right here. We're focusing on crafting really good angles and or finding new angles, not necessarily crafting good angles, but we are focusing on the crafting of a really good hook.

And we're also looking at the specifics of how can we kind of re imagine this creative, you know, reiterate it and stuff like that. So we're really focusing on the creative side and we're really focusing on our direct or our consumer that we're going after. And this is allowing us to get really good results for our clients because we're focusing on what drives performance.

A lot of you guys are in the ads manager and having this just, oh, you know, performance has been down the last six months. Okay, great. Let me take a look at your ad account.

Why haven't you ran new creatives? Oh, because it was performing amazing a few months ago. Well, no shit.

Performance dies, like creative performance dies over time. It's not your product. It's likely, you know, not your website unless you made some big changes.

If you have a creative that took off, your product did well, your website did well, like everything did well, and then it start dropping in performance. It's not your product. It's not the seasonality of it, or there's a possibility of seasonality of it.

It's not your product dying. It's the fact that you need new creative and everything introduced into the system. As you spin more, the creative dies faster.

You need to test more creative. Oh, hey, Nick, I tested a new creative and it didn't work. Well, why did you only test one?

We've had an account where we tested 12 new creatives and two creatives took off. Okay. We're at a point where, hey, CPA is rising.

Can we test a new audience? Can we test a new, can we do AB or CBO? No.

What we did was, so we sat back and said, okay, what's going to drive the biggest impact in the business? New creative. Well, guess what?

We sat down, we created 12 new ads and guess what? Two of them took off. The other ones, other failures, but those two that took off dropped CPA down by like, I don't know, 30 to 40%.

So imagine introducing something new to your business and drop your CPA down by 30 to 40% at scale. That's going to make you way more money in the long run. And then success at the end of the day is repeating successful actions.

Okay. Why did you, I find a lot of people, they'll create some ads, take off, and then they get lazy and they're like, oh, okay, great. Cool.

Ad accounts done. Let me focus on some other stuff in the business. Then a few months later, they realize, oh shit.

Hey, haven't updated creatives in a while and performance is terrible. What can we do? Let's test some audiences.

Well, no, what happened was is that your high leverage action you took was sat down and create some really great creatives. And then what happened was you focus on other things in your business and stop testing new creative and stop putting shoots together and things like that. Now performance is dying.

Now you're trying to look for some quick little fixes. That's going to last two or three days and do nothing but frustrate you and confuse you. Whereas you could sit back, plan out new creatives, get new creatives put into that account, and then start testing.

The quicker you can test, the quicker you'll find winners, the quicker you find winners, the quicker you'll scale your account and increase profitability in your business. So this is some very important stuff right here that I still feel like a lot of econ brand owners and just business owners in general. And look, hey, we even have the problem too, when we're handling a few clients that sometimes we might get behind on a client or two.

And it may just be because the client hasn't sent us graves and stuff like that. We have to really get on that particular client. But a lot of times what happens is, is that they're focusing on things that are not going to drive the biggest impact in the business.

And as a business owner, you need to focus on the things that drive the biggest impact in your revenue and your profitability inside of your business. And that's where this is pretty much where the point I am trying to address here. So yeah, I really hope this kind of brought some value to you and really made a good understanding of like what you need to do to increase profitability in your business, increase revenue, things like that in your business.

And, you know, maybe jump past that plateau you're experiencing right now inside of your business. So again, guys, my name is Nick Theriot. Hope you enjoyed this video.

Make sure that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And yeah, if you're an econ brand owner, I do have an agency and, you know, we do work with a few clients at a time where we, you know, help them help you scale past, you know, six figure a month mark to a seven figure mark. And yeah.

And you know, long story short, if you're not, basically, if you're not there yet, stay subscribed to the channel. So I provide a lot of just good content for free, pretty much for you guys. So if you get to that point to where eventually one day you can work with me, that's my sales pitch essentially.

So thank you guys so much for watching. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace.