Three ways to target your ideal audience with Facebook ads in 2024. Today we'll be talking about the three ways that I've used over the years and you know personally which one's my favorite and kind of the different routes you can go. This is based off me doing over 100 million dollars in revenue for my clients over the last couple years with Facebook ads.

So with that being said let's dive into the video. So number one way I would say probably is the most common way to target your ideal customer with Facebook ads is leveraging audience targeting specifically interests. So you know we'll primarily be focusing on the three types of audience targeting in this video that you can leverage.

Number one being interest. This is the most common one that a lot of people jump to. Well you know personally I used to be a big fan of this and I think a lot of people just getting into Facebook ads are a huge fan of interest targeting.

Very simple to leverage you know just simply open up the Facebook ads manager choose the specific type of interest that's related to your product. So let's say for example if you're selling women's clothing there's literally some interest that's just like women's clothing. You can also get down to like the specific type of clothing.

So like let's say for example if you're selling women's leggings you can go down and select things like like other types of brands that are selling leggings like Nike, Gymshark. I want to say Gymshark is not actionable like targetable one. You can look at things like Under Armour for example.

So a couple other brands that are selling the type of product that's similar to you and then you can also look at similar types of products as you that brands are selling. Then you can also look at generic keywords women's clothing, women's leggings, women's t-shirt, t-shirt in general, clothing in general. And then the third one is actually types of interests and activities that these particular people do.

So let's say for example one of them is like tennis maybe like bodybuilding for example that's like another way of type of interest that you can leverage right there. But then lastly four you could also look at things like what type of job they leverage and stuff which I know like Facebook kind of has some level of job targeting as well that you can also leverage. So that's all the four types of interest right there.

Again brands are selling exactly the same product as you. Just generic keywords and stuff around the product and the type of product you're selling. And then third is types of activities these people do with that product.

And then lastly number four is just generic more like job type targeting right there. So that's a type of interest that you can leverage inside of your Facebook ad account. Now number two is lookalikes.

Lookalikes is a very common one that a lot of people like to go to. Typically you'll transition to lookalikes as you start to make sales with interest targeting and then you move over to lookalikes. Now lookalikes you know I'm personally don't really use these much to be completely honest with you.

But with lookalikes right here the most common ones is like purchase lookalike audience like one percent last 30 days 60 days 180 days for example. 30 days being the most common one. Typically when you do like a 30 day window you're creating a lookalike over the last 30 days of customers.

So over the last 30 days if you had a lot of discount buyers come in you're going to create a lookalike of those purchases and you're going to find more people that are interested in like discounts and stuff like that. That's why I'm not a fan of them right there. But you know that's that's just one thing to look at that you're you're consistently looking at the last seven days 30 days 180 days creating a lookalike all those purchases and you're attracting more people like those people that came in the last you know over that period of time right there.

But yeah there's some other common ones people leverage like you know landing page views lookalike add to cart lookalike. I've always been a fan of like the IG and Facebook engagements lookalike audience last 30 days. That was one when I used to do these lookalikes.

That was a big one right there that we used to leverage. But yeah that's lookalike audiences and then what you can do is as you spend more you can also test some higher level audiences like lookalike one percent then you can do like one percent two percent three percent to four percent and kind of working your way up to get more people in that particular bucket right there. Now number three is broad targeting and this is the one that we leverage and the only thing we've been preaching the last two years if it hasn't been obvious now and broad targeting is where all you're doing is selecting a location a gender and an age.

So let's say for example if I want to target USA then I'll just literally select USA. I'll select the gender male or female or if I'm selling a unisex product where like male and female can use this product then I'll just do all. If it's a female clothing brand I'll select female.

If it's male clothing brand I'll select male. So just to give you guys some examples right there and then I'll select the age. Ninety percent of time I just leave it 18 plus.

There's been some accounts where like you know we're selling alcohol where we have to target 21 plus. There's also some other accounts as well where like we legally can't advertise anyone below 60 because of the nature of our type of product for example. So a lot of different variety you know just working with accounts and clients and stuff like that that we have to have a specific type of age targeting.

But if you don't know who your ideal customer is then just do 18 plus. I don't really limit the age rarely like I rarely limit the age for a couple key things. Number one like Facebook's already going to like pick the best age group relative to your content in your product.

And that's going to be just pretty much from there. What content do we need to create to target an older audience or a younger audience inside Facebook. And that's where it brings to my next point.

Yes you're targeting broad targeting. This is not a lower quality audience. A lot of people think oh broad targeting.

I'm basically like targeting penny pinchers. That's not at all. I hate the word broad targeting as well because it just has a negative stigma to it.

I personally like unrestricted targeting because you're not restricting the algorithm to target a set number of people. You're actually giving the algorithm the full opportunity to target the people that are most likely to convert from you. And when you select a lookalike for example or interest targeting there could be a person that's not fitted in each one of those buckets and you'll never target them because you're trying to tell Facebook who to target.

So I like to remove the targeting let Facebook go after who's most likely to convert. Now from there well Nick how do you how do you like target people? How do you how do you make sure the right people are seeing the ads?

That's a very relatively easy thing to fix right there. So what we do is is we put all the targeting inside of our creative. Now the creative which you create and push out to Facebook that does the targeting for you.

Now Nick how does that work? How like how does Facebook know who to target based off the creative? Number one Facebook's extremely smart.

If you put like a 10 minute long video up as an ad Facebook will go through every scene and identify the types of things in the video and also the transcript of the whole video right there. That's two things right there. Put a photo ad it goes through the whole photo and figures out is people smiling as people with people's eye colors what people's emotions are what objects are in the thing.

And it starts to look at that and it pulls keywords out of that. We showcase a person in the gym working out it'll tell us what gender it is but what type of like is it a guy is he buff for example is he working out type of workout crossfit things like that easy things like that that can essentially happen. You know if you go and like on your phone for example if you're on iPhone you can pull up a photo you can click an object on your phone and like hold down it'll kind of pop up and you click on look up and you'll look up that particular photo.

I did this recently with one of my pictures of my dogs where I just took a picture of the dog my iPhone I looked at that picture I held down on the particular object which was my dog and then I clicked on the look up and I could see it started showing me like you know the huskies started showing me all kinds of Siberian huskies and information about Siberian huskies and things like that. So the algorithm is smart enough to understand what's going on in your creative and it finds people who like that type of content. Another really great example is your TikTok feed or your Instagram reels feed as soon as you start watching like like I don't know maybe you're in the gym niche right now go to a completely random niche you've never been in before like the rodeo niche or the motorcycle niche but watch like one or two videos at full length in that particular niche then all of a sudden you have a bunch of videos on your feed of rodeo motorcycles things like that.

So if we know we want to target someone in a particular niche like gym niche rodeo or like you know like something random then what we'll do is we'll go create content that they love and we put our product in there you know if it's the gym niche then we'll target something like here's how to get bigger biceps in the gym and we showcase a guy in the gym working out using our product and showing how our product helps them get bigger biceps. So it's not like we're just creating content and not selling our product we're still selling our product we're just creating content that looks like stuff they love but then we're also talking about how our product helps them get those things. So we do all that in the creative and this allows us to spend significantly more money on Facebook ads because while look likes are great one they're very limited and we've never been able to scale an account past two three hundred dollars a day with look likes.

Interests are cool right but you also pay a lot more to target interest because other people are also targeting those interests as well and also too we've seen limitations on those and if you're targeting a particular interest then maybe you might have to target another interest as well to kind of like keep stacking them up to scale and that's just other things that I'm too lazy to be honest with to deal with you know I don't want to have to sit there and keep updating the audiences in Facebook I want to do as little work as possible in the ads manager to get as best results as possible and that's where broad targeting comes in play and like I said dozens of case studies on the channel you know this person has worked for us the best we've been able to outspend accounts that's on look likes outspend accounts on interest targeting and still get good results I'm not saying like we go broad targeting and then all of a sudden like there's bad results or worse results you know we're getting better results on a lot of the accounts because now like the algorithm can actually target the people that are most likely to convert at all times so we're actually seeing better results from a CPA and ROAS perspective than interest and look likes while spending more money in the account so that's also another common myth is that you know maybe we go hard broad targeting we have to accept a lower result now we're still getting really good results you know I'm not I'm not like just going broad seeing worse results and scaling that up because we can spend more not at all so that's just a couple key things right there around broad targeting why we like to leverage it why we personally love it over interest and look likes and stuff like that those are three key ways to target which way do I lean well obviously you know from this video and last key thing is well Nick I'm starting a brand new ad account you know should I go interest or look likes and it's like no not at all because you know for interest or look likes you're going to spend a lot of money testing all these audiences and again the audiences don't fucking matter why because the creative is what does the targeting the creative is what gets someone to purchase your product the creative grabs their attention the creative is what they see they don't see interest targeting engaged shoppers the person on the other side of the ad doesn't see that all they see is the creative and if that creative sucks you won't get sales that creative is amazing and your product is good you'll get sales from there so it's very important that if we start a brand new account we need to maximize our budget around creative and creative production that's going to get you ads that's going to help you scale your brand forward so hopefully this video helps you guys out and kind of explain to kind of the key differences between these audiences what I personally prefer and you know help you guys put on some game right there so make sure you hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and then also too if you're interested in me running your Facebook ads click the link below have Nick Terrier run your ads we help brands scale from around 100 200k a month to about three to five million dollars a month in revenue help four brands now love to help you be the next one and then also too we have have Nick Terrier mentor you which is a group that's dedicated on becoming better marketers creating better creatives and scaling their brand by leveraging proper marketing fundamentals so thank you all for watching my name is Nick Terrier guys later peace out