Today, we'll be going over three ways to scale Facebook ads in 2025. And after running Facebook ads for over 10 years and scaling multiple clients to million dollars months, which one is my favorite? First way to scale Facebook ads is using the duplication method.

It's just simply taking campaigns and just simply duplicating them out. Let's say for example, you launch a campaign at $100 a day. All you would do is duplicate that campaign after it becomes profitable at $500 or $1,000 a day.

Now, this is a great way to scale up ads fast if you have to spend a lot of money quickly, but it does come with its challenges. You have a lot more auction overlap, so it will actually hurt performance. You will have a lot more campaigns to manage, so you'll be in the ad account a lot longer.

And there is no guarantee because a campaign works at $100 a day that'll work at $500 or even $1,000 a day. So you can have big swings in performance using this method. Now, the next method is using bid caps or cost caps.

A very common strategy for this method right here is just simply setting a really big budget and then setting a really low cost per result goal. And basically what'll happen here is that Facebook will only spend when Facebook can find people that will purchase for that particular goal. In theory, it sounds amazing.

And one of the biggest pros to it is that you'll only spend money when you make money. But there is some common cons to this. Over the last two years, I've seen about five particular scenarios where Facebook broke and literally blew the whole budget that people would be setting for these campaigns without even hitting the cost per result goal that people had set.

Next thing is that cost caps and bid caps can be too restrictive at times when you're trying to gain data. When I'm trying to gain data to understand what particular creatives work and what creatives don't, sometimes using these bid caps, cost caps can restrict them from earning spend and restrict them from giving me data points. And the last thing going back to the creatives is that sometimes we'll have creatives at a much higher cost per result than we would like.

But that particular creatives brings a ton of people into the funnel that allows my other creatives to convert. And this gives them a huge boost, which lowers the overall cost per result for the whole campaign as a whole, even though that one particular creative is at a really bad cost per result. Now, number three is 20% budget increases.

This is a very simple one. Literally, all you do is go and to your evergreen CBO campaign, and just simply increase the budget by 20%. And you'll do this once a day.

And depending on how good or bad performances, you'll either do it 20% up or 20% down. And you'll look at a three to seven day window of prior dates to determine if you should increase it or decrease it by 20%. Now, the pros to this one is that it's stable and you're making small jumps.

So you're not taking any huge swings like the duplication method, where you could potentially risk blowing the account in a single day. It's also very simple to do. You don't have to learn bid caps, cost caps.

You don't have to duplicate a bunch of campaigns and have more campaigns to manage. Now, the only real major con to this particular one right here, for most people, it seems way too slow to scale. Now, after running Facebook ads for 10 years and scaling multiple clients to million dollar months, which one is my favorite method and why?

My favorite method is 20% increases. And the main logic behind that is because it's simple, it's easy to manage and it's small jumps moving forward to our overall goal of spending more. No major swings, no complex bid caps and cost caps to manage, no risking huge budgets at once without proven incremental growth.

Yes, it's slow, but slow is fast and fast is slow. I've seen so many people spend months trying to scale with the duplication method because they keep doubling campaigns too quickly and then they blow their account and then have to go restart back from scratch again. I've also personally have pulled a lot of accounts off of cost caps and bid caps and showed them how it's limiting their growth.

And then when we move them off cost caps and bid caps and find new winning creatives that scale the account forward, they can quickly see how it was limiting their growth by being too restrictive for the cost per purchase. Now I've been using the 20% increase, but for the last three years of running Facebook ads, and I have a lot of videos on my channel of using the old method, like duplication method back in like 2020, 2021. Also have a couple of videos on cost caps and bid cap.

Again, I've never really seen success with cost caps and bid caps. So I don't even really have any, many videos on those particular ones, right there. And lastly, is 20% a day too slow?

Well, if you take a hundred dollar a day starting budget and then you increase that by 20% every single day for 30 days, you'll literally be at over $20,000 a day in ad spend. So it really just depends on what is too slow for you. Now I'm curious, which one is your favorite method and why?

Drop that in the comments below. Thank you all so much for watching. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you do over a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue, then click the link below to have Nick Terrier run your Facebook ads. And if you do less than a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue, click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.