Three ways to target your ideal audience with Facebook ads in 2025, and which one is my favorite for scaling e-commerce clients to million-dollar months. The first way to target your ideal audience with Facebook ads in 2025 is by leveraging interests. This is where you basically just go and select a interest, a behavior, a job title.

And what Facebook will do is take that and then go and find people that fit that particular interest, behavior, or job title. This is pretty cool because it allows you to put your ad creatives directly in front of people that are most likely to buy based off the interest they have and how it's related to your product. Now, a couple of cons to this is that Facebook is starting to move away from interests, behaviors, and job titles.

Also too, they even added in something called audience expansion, which used to be something that you would have to turn on, but now it's something that's auto on. All this means is that Facebook can have the option now of using that interest you gave it or go find its own people it wants to target. Now, the next way to target your ideal audience with Facebook ads in 2025 is by leveraging lookalikes.

This is basically where you give Facebook a list of your customers and Facebook can go build a list of people that look just like those people. This is a great way to find your ideal customer very fast with Facebook ads. Now, it does have a couple different cons.

First con is that this only works when you have data. So if you're someone just starting out and just starting to get its first couple of sales, like this won't be applicable to you until you start having at least 500 to 1,000 sales that Facebook can pull from. The other thing is that there's too many variables when it comes down to lookalikes.

There's different timeframes of lookalikes. You can do purchases. You can do website visitors.

You can do engagement. There's a lot of different types of lookalikes you can create, and it can be very overwhelming for someone starting out to understand what exactly they want to do with a lookalike. Lookalikes also have very low scalability.

I don't think I've ever crossed $1,000 a day in ad spend with lookalikes before. Now, the next one is broad targeting. And broad targeting works by just simply selecting the age, the gender, and the location of your ideal customer.

If you are targeting countrywide, you'll select the country. If maybe you're a little mom and pop shop, you'll select just that city or that radius. And then if you know for a fact you only serve female customers, you would select female.

If you know for a fact your product is only for 60 plus people, then we'd only target 60 plus. We wouldn't include any interest, and we would not include any lookalikes here. This means there's a lot less to worry about, a lot less to manage on a daily basis, and less decisions you have to make inside of the ad account.

It also gives us our highest scalability when we're working with a client. One of the biggest cons with broad targeting is that it puts all of the pressure now on your creatives. If your creatives do not appeal to your ideal audience, then you will not see the greatest results.

So you have to have really dialed in Facebook ad creatives that attract your ideal customer to be able to scale with broad targeting. Now, after scaling multiple clients to million dollar months and running Facebook ads for over 10 years, which targeting method is my favorite and go to for 2025? For me personally, it's going to be broad targeting.

It's exclusively what I've only used now for the last three years running Facebook ads. And all of my biggest success stories has used broad targeting. And if you're just starting out with Facebook ads, we've also used this for starting accounts from scratch.

In the beginning, you don't have a lot of money and budget to test different lookalikes and interests and stuff like that. So all your budget needs to be put to better creatives. And that's what gives us our best scalability for an account, even at scratch.

This allows us to put all of our focus, whether it's a small account or a large account on better creatives and allows us to get the best possible performance with Facebook ads. Interests are starting to be faded away and Facebook is pushing for broad targeting. If you look at it from a lookalike perspective, Facebook algorithm is always getting better.

People are constantly purchasing from you. Facebook's automatically going to try to find more people like that. So when I select purchase, Facebook goes find people that's going to purchase.

And based off as I get data and people buying, it's going to keep trying to find more people like that. So it almost works just like a lookalike audience anyway. Now I'm curious, which one do you like and why?

Drop a comment below. And if you enjoyed this video, hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And my name is Nick Theriault. Talk to you guys later. Peace out.