Today, I have a case study to show you guys how we literally did a 3x ROAS, no, not 3x ROAS, a 3x increase in ROAS overnight with Facebook ads. Now, me personally, I do not like the term ROAS. I don't use it with my clients or anything like that, but I'm a marketer at the end of the day and I know we get you guys to click and I do promise you guys see a 3x increase in ROAS, but for the rest of the video, we're not going to talk about ROAS at all.

So I'm going to show you guys a quick little case study. It's actually pretty juicy. I can't wait to show you guys.

Why am I credible to be teaching these types of things? Well, my name is Nick Therrio. I run a Facebook ads agency.

I've done over $60 million in online revenue for my clients and also coaching mentor students and you can find links to both of those below in the description. Now, before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video. So 3x increase, again, 3x increase in ROAS overnight.

Facebook ads, not a 3x for us with Facebook ads. I hate the word ROAS. I do not like using it at all.

So let me show you guys a brand really quick, April 1st through April 30th. It's one of our newer accounts and you can see right here, they did $1,300 in sales. They spent $3,000 on ads.

Now the net profit isn't correct because they don't have their cost of goods, shipping and handling and stuff like that linked to the account, triple well. So that's not correct. And then ROAS, which is correct.

Sales divided by ads is 0.45. Now, roughly 14 days into the account of us running the ads and everything, we flipped the whole account around. We did $2,000 in sales, a NCCPA of $115.

Again, they were doing a $280. So literally almost a 300% efficiency, increase in efficiency is actually not 300%, it's like 250% increase in efficiency for the business. We spent $1,495 on ads.

Again, they spent $3,000 to make $1,300. We spent $1,400 to make about $2,100. And our ROAS, 1.42, which is from 1.45 is a 3x efficiency.

So again, I hate the word ROAS because it means nothing for the business. So what I do like to use though is NCCPA. That's what we use for all of our clients.

What is NCCPA? NCCPA is your new customer cost per acquisition. How much does it cost to acquire a new customer to the brand?

That's what we focus on because that's what actually builds businesses. ROAS does not do anything. So with our NCCPA, we've seen also a huge increase in that or decrease in that, which makes the business more profitable.

Okay. Now the problem is we're optimizing for link clicks. Yes.

I kid you not. When we hopped in this account, they were optimizing for link clicks. Let me show you guys this really quick.

So last month, April 1st through April 30th, you can see right here, $3,000 spent inside the Facebook, literally out of that 3,000, only $250 was spent on purchase campaigns. Everything else was landing page views, landing page views, link clicks, landing page views, link clicks, link clicks, link, link clicks. In 2023, there is not a single reason to be running anything other than purchases unless your lead generation or your app installs or website registrations.

So if you need to do like a call funnel or something like that, like 90% of you guys watching this channel, you need to be optimizing for purchases. Even if you have a brand new account, like literally you just created the Facebook ad account and you just created the Shopify and you must run your first ad ever in the account optimized for purchases. There is zero reason to be optimizing for anything else like that.

There is no learning curve or getting the account warmed up. All is false, straight for purchases. Why?

Because the purchase conversion event is simply is it's a standard event by Facebook and Facebook has a catalog of people, Facebook users who fit that purchase conversion event criteria. Why is this important? Because when you create an ad and optimize it for purchases, you're putting your ads in front of those people.

When you're optimizing for landing page views, you're simply optimizing for a catalog of people that simply just click on websites and take zero actions. That is why you optimize for purchases. If you want purchases, regardless of how new your ad account is or store brand new $0 spin optimize for purchases.

So the solution optimize for purchases. Let me show you guys what happened. We start optimizing for purchases.

I turned off everything in the accounts. I relaunched one campaign and I even copied and pasted the ads they were running for link clicks and landing page views, the top ads. And guess what?

$1,500 spent $214 calls per purchase. It's actually $115 just due to 14.5 attribution, everything like that. So you don't get to see all of this, all of the, uh, you know, the total, um, this is triple.

Well, we're only advertising on Facebook. That is it. So we made a humongous efficiency in the business.

Compared to this right here, where we spent $3,000 and not even a single purchase is attributed to Facebook. Our cost per acquisition was probably two or $3,000 in this case right here. So optimizing purchases and made humongous efficiency in the business.

We literally went from a $280 in CCPA to $150 in CCPA. And we still have yet to even launch our craves, our fresh new content that we're getting filmed right now as this speed, as this video is being filmed. So just want to give this guys, um, give you guys this quick little case study.

Uh, also too, if you want to learn actually how to set up the Facebook ad campaigns, the way we do, I have this video broad targeting dynamic crates. I let me show you step-by-step how we set up our accounts, how we set up our campaigns. So that way you guys can do the same thing.

So I know it's a short little video for you guys, but, um, you know, again, if you're in 2023 and you're optimizing for link clicks or add to carts, or even initiate checkouts, landing page views, whatever you're making a huge mistake. Optimize for purchases. Even if you have a brand new account, fresh website, fresh pixel, fresh ad accounts, $0 spend optimize for purchases.

It will make or break your business. Every account that we started from scratch, the optimize for purchase, and we immediately saw the performance we want. Now, if you're not seeing the performance you want with optimizing for purchases, it's because either a, you don't have a superior product and I have a video on how to have a superior product on my YouTube channel, or you do not have a great product page or what 90% of you guys struggle with, you're targeting the wrong desire persona or benefit for that product.

And people do not like your ad or resonate with your ads. So you need to build better ads, better landing page, or have a better product. That's the three reasons why that people fail and struggle with Facebook ads.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for a new video every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Thank you guys so much for watching.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.