Yo, what's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio.

Today I have an exciting new video for you. I'll be going over four ways to find some new winning ads within your ad account based off ads you already have. So the only criteria for this is you have to have one winning ad, an ad that you're already putting some money behind.

You've been running for at least seven to 30 days. It's been spending well, it's been getting you performance and everything like that. So you need to have that at least one.

And what we're going to do is we're going to dive right here into the trusty old iPad. And I'm actually going to show you guys specifically what you can do in this center here. So how to create, how to create new creatives fast or new ads fast.

And again, I'm going to go over four, you know, unique ways in this center right here. And basically what this is, is you have a winning ad, you're starting to see performance suffer, or you have a winning ad and you want to continue to scale. You need some new winning ads.

How can you do it fast? Like what's a fast, easy way other than trying to find whole new concepts and stuff like that, that works. So number one is you take your winning ad and you literally change the colors in it.

Okay. Yes. For you brand oriented people that are like, Oh my God.

But if like this one shade of blue is slightly different, it's just going to be, Oh my God. So this is going to challenge a few of you guys, because personally we've worked with people like that. We're literally like just a shade off of one particular color.

And like the ad was rejected by the client. When you're doing this, this is definitely something that, um, I encourage you guys to be very open minded about. Okay.

But we're literally just going to change the colors in the ad. So like, let's just say, for example, you have a winning ad that is blue. Then let's try maybe something with red in it, um, as the primary color, maybe something with pink in it, maybe something with green, but you're literally going to leave the same text, the same design, same everything.

You're just going to change the dominant color inside of the ad. Now, why would we do this is because a, if an ad has been around for a while, people have seen that ad, people are starting to get used to it. So what is one way to quickly make an ad feel new again, just change the whole color because people are used to swiping past and seeing that blue brand that that's represents your brand.

And all of a sudden they see yellow, they're like, Whoa, what is that? And then it recaptures their attention. So it's a super easy thing.

You can literally just take your best two, three, four ads, create three or four different variations of each one. Exactly the same, everything's actually copy, exact same headline. All you're doing is changing the dominant color in the ad itself.

So this is a quick, easy way to find new winning ads inside of your ad accounts. Now, step two, number two, you're basically going to take your winning ad, and this is going to be specifically like images, videos, things like that. And you're going to make it more shocking.

Okay. So how can you take all the visuals and how can you increase the shock factor to it? Okay.

So this is kind of why like those info commercials you see online are very cringy and very over the top is because it grabs you his attention and it does exactly what it's meant to do. Grab attention and keep people talking, you know, the info commercials that are literally like them holding a few jugs of milk and then they're like over the top, please slipping and falling and going all over the place on the ground. And like, that's why you need this particular map for your house.

But yeah, so just more shocking visuals. How can you increase the shock factor of your visuals, um, you know, your attention grabbing, your, your, uh, clickbait in that sense right there. How can you really stop eyeballs?

Okay. And you can really focus on the first, first three seconds, or, um, if it's an image, just swap image. Okay.

So if it's a video, just swap intro, you can create three or four variations. We have a particular, um, client that we do lead generation for, and we show a medical emergency. We found showing a medical emergency first was really good.

And we were able to find new winning ads by simply just taking that whole video that we created and keeping that first three seconds and swapping out to a few different, um, like shocking visuals, other medical emergencies and other examples and that stuff like that. Again, it just makes the ad feel new when people are scrolling and then they see that different visual right there or more shocking visual or really pushing and enlarging that claim specifically. And it really just stops the scroll and same thing for the image, just swap the image.

So for example, if we were doing a picture ad for that specific client, which a medical emergency in a particular picture, and what we do is we just swap it for a different medical emergency, maybe something more dramatic, maybe something just slightly different things like that. So step number one or number way, number one is change the colors in the ad way. Number two is to simply take your ad and swap out the video or picture that the first thing people see.

And that's it right there, make it more shocking, make it more click baity, um, all that good stuff right there. Now, number three, number three is basically where you go ahead, take your ad and you're going to, um, cross copy times creative. Okay.

So the way you do this is you basically go ahead and let's say, for example, you have, um, you know, you're winning copy, the copy that works really well. Like you'll look at your top ad that spent the most money at a good profitability. Um, you take that and then you take the winning creative.

Okay. Same thing. Okay.

And then basically what you do is you take your winning copy and you times it by other creatives you have in the accounts. Okay. And then same thing, winning creative times other copies.

Okay. So basically what you do is let's just say this is the winning copy. And then you're just going to basically multiply that by like creative one times creative two times creative three.

Okay. Super easy way. Every time we go into new accounts, like clients that come on board, what we'll do is we'll go in their account.

We look at their top ads, and then we go take a few of their top ads, a few of their top creatives. And we just take the best performing copy out of all of them, best performing creative on them. And we basically do this.

We take a few of their creatives. That's not the top running against this copy. So we'll have like five or six ads right here.

And then same thing for this. We'll take our creative and then we'll multiply it by, I say multiply, um, our other copy. No, you know, one copy, two copy, three.

Okay. Very easy. And it's just a quick, easy way to find new ads in your account.

Very easy way, like very simple. Now, number four, and this actually should have been number three, but just all over the place here is basically it's just take your ad and change the headline, uh, slash hook on the creative. Okay.

So the very first texts that people see, whether it's a, you know, photo, you know, might be some big texture here, or it might be a video and it might be some text up here. Um, you basically just want to go ahead and you want to swap this out. Okay.

Boom swap. Okay. And then you could take that same design, same colors, all that good stuff right there.

But basically you're going to take that ad and then times basically, you know, headline, you know, number one times number two times number three. So you're just going to run the ad three or four ways to basically where like you running it against other forms of messaging, because you never know with like just changing up the messaging, you might unlock a bigger pocket of people because that messaging resonates with a larger group of people right there. So, but yeah, guys, this is just four quick ways that any of you guys can basically just go in your ad account right now.

Get the only criteria is that you have a winning ad. Um, and basically you're starting to see creative fatigue. You're starting to see performance drop.

You need to find some new winning ads fast. And obviously you can go create new creatives. You can go in like, you know, build new concepts, but if you need to find stuff fast, this is some easy routes right here that you can literally spend probably an hour on to quickly do just to get some new stuff up, especially like changing the colors, you know, more shocking visuals like this requires really not knowing, not like no thinking at all.

Um, it's just quick actions you can take finding ads, cross running them against each other to find like new winning combinations. Um, and then changing the headline. I mean, it's probably the only one that really requires a little bit of thinking, maybe finding a few good headlines or something like that, that you want to replicate.

But if you were looking for the best way to actually test these ads, if you watch my video on how to run Facebook ads in 2022, it's a seven part series where I go all the way from offer creation to running Facebook ads. If you look at video number six of that series, I specifically teach you guys how I test my ads. And then in video number seven, I show you specifically how I scale my ads.

So if you have any questions around that, definitely check that out. And if you're a business owner doing at least 50 to a hundred K a month in revenue, and you would love to hop on a call with this to talk more about how we can help you grow your brand free strategy call to where you can take this strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us, uh, simply click the link below again, it's for people to want 50 to a hundred K a month. Um, that's, that's where like, we can provide the best value at.

So if you enjoyed this video, hit that like button and drop a comment below of what some of these you're going to go and implement right away. And I hope you guys enjoyed hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.