So if you want to scale your Facebook ads to a million dollars a month, then there's a couple things that you need to be doing differently than what a lot of other people are doing. We've helped multiple clients now scale to a couple million dollars a month in terms of, you know, leveraging Facebook ads and everything. And we have dozens of other stores who've helped scale to, you know, a couple hundred thousand dollars a month.

And this is going to be the main four things that you really need to focus on if you want to scale your Facebook ads to over a million dollars a month. Now, the difference here between someone who's doing maybe a couple hundred thousand dollars a month to even just, you know, 20, 30K a month is that, you know, doing over a million dollars a month with Facebook ads, you are only focused on the four key things of improving your business. You're only focused on the four control levers that improve your business.

Whereas, you know, I find the people that are like 10, 20, 30K a month in revenue or like sub 100K a month, you know, they're kind of focused on everything. Whereas like when you're doing over a million dollars a month, you're only focused on these four things to basically hit a million dollars a month with Facebook ads. And these four things come down to the things that you can control.

There's things you can't control or things that give very little impact in terms of performance. And then there's things that like you really isolate and focus your time and attention on, and they can create really big impacts in the business. And these are those four things here that we're going to talk about today.

First one is your creatives. You can control what type of creatives you put inside of the ad account. And every creative you create and put inside of your ad account is also going to have very different in performance, like benefits and performance, just performance in general, to be fair.

You know, for us and all the accounts that we've scaled, creatives were always like one of the biggest factors when we first came into that particular client's account. Before we have one particular client where literally all we did was we did our market research. We found a new desire that we could focus on.

And this client was doing like maybe, I don't know, $500,000 a day. We were able to hit $900,000 in revenue within 21 days by just simply focusing on changing the design. Now, keep in mind, when we change that desire, we're also filming new content to resonate with that desire.

The original desire they were focused on was just like, hey, this is a great piece of wall art, you know, you can put on your wall. And they were just like showing pictures of the product on the wall. Well, for us, what we did is we read a lot of the reviews and we saw a lot of people saying like, hey, this product itself, like this is a really great gift for my wife, really great gift for my daughter, for her boyfriend and her and things like that.

So we saw that people were giving people this product as a gift, specifically more in romantic partners and stuff like that. So I was like, okay, cool. So what we did was is we really want to focus on the desire of giving a gift to your sweetheart.

So men, when was the last time you gave a gift to your sweetheart? Here you go. Here's a really good gift for her.

That's gonna make her like wow and all and stuff like that. So what we did was is once we had the desire we want to go after, we then went when film content specifically showing that desire. So we had a lot of content at the product on the wall and stuff like that.

But we need to show this product specifically like achieving that desire because your creatives are responsible to, hey, you desire this thing or you have this problem or you have this symptom. Your creatives goal is to instill belief in your customer that, hey, this product will satisfy that problem, will satisfy that symptom or will satisfy that desire. So we had to visually articulate to people that this product will satisfy that desire.

You know, just essentially hitting that goal of, you know, giving this as a romantic gift to your partner and stuff. So what we had to do is we actually got a couple to go take a picture together. And like the male was holding one side of the product and then the female is holding the other side of the product.

And then the female looked extremely happy and excited and stuff like that. And then the male, you know, smiled and stuff like that. We launched that Facebook ad right there.

And I mean, immediately just overnight crutch the account. Now, the key lesson to learn here is that we found a totally new desire that we weren't already actively marketing to. And then we didn't just go and change the copy or change like the hook on the image.

We actually would film fresh content for that desire. So that's the key thing you need to learn in there. And we consistently do research over and over and over.

And we might have four or five main desires we're marketing to with separate creatives for each of those desires and then separate landing pages for each of those desires. And that's where we're going to go into step number two, our control lever number two, because again, there's different control levers in the business that you can control to hit a million dollars a month with Facebook ads. And the next one is going to be landing pages.

So once you actually grab that traffic from Facebook, you need to be able to convert that track. And the landing page is one of the most powerful places to do so. The landing page has a lot of responsibility because the landing page, number one, it needs to showcase the product.

Number two, it needs to answer any objections and questions. And number three, it needs to also be able to continually showcase that desired state that someone wants to live in, right? People buy your product to achieve a new reality.

And we need to consistently keep showcasing that reality that they're going to live in through that landing page right there. So we have to hit on those three key things. A really great example.

And like literally, if you just pause the video now and go look at Rose Skin Co. Specifically, look at their landing page for the Loomy. I've been running Facebook ads since 2015, specifically ecom in 2019.

And I discovered Rose Skin Co. about 2019, 2020. And I've been able to see them literally grow and scale from like this little like drop shipping brand to now like this mega corporation and stuff like that.

You know, I know they've tested hundreds and hundreds of landing pages. And the one that they're using now, I think it's been live for about a year now. So I know that they finally found that one that's dialed in.

And what I encourage you to do is go look at that landing page. And I really want you to look at it from the perspective of what are the key elements? You know, they have really good product photos, they keep showcasing the desired state, they're answering questions, they're answering objections, they're showing the customer testimonials, authority, pull all those key things and replicate that on your page.

That's just the easiest thing you can do right there. Now, that's a easy way for landing pages and stuff. And that will take you far.

In fact, a lot of our clients go to a million dollars a month, just simply using standard landing pages like that. And quote, unquote, those are actually product pages with a real name for it would be. But we do have some clients that are leveraging advertorials, some clients using VSLs, some clients using listicles, some clients using pre-sell landing pages.

And these were all really powerful as well. And we recommend them to reuse them in certain cases, it really just comes down to how much selling your product needs. So like, for example, sometimes these complex landing pages can actually hurt your ability to scale.

So like, for example, if I'm selling clothing, you know, I recently bought these like t shirts from this random brand online, and just some plain basic tees. And like I clicked on the ad, it took me straight to the product page, I was able to buy, it was just such an easy process. But if those like these plain black t shirts, and they sent me to a 60 minute VSL, and they prevented me from clicking on like the buy now button until like a certain timeframe, I would have been pissed.

Because it's a simple black t shirt, it doesn't need much explaining in terms of you know, like, you know, trying to articulate things to people. Now, let's say for example, we were selling this complex medical device with a very unaware market get unaware market, that means we have to convince them they have a problem. Then after we convince them they have a problem, we have to introduce a solution.

That's where we want to use like an advertorial or a VSL because you know, it's a more complex device, there's more mental hoops, we have to jump through because it's a higher stage of market awareness. So there's a lot more things we have to jump through. And in order to be able to get them to the conclusion, they need product.

So like that's a different story right there. So that's when we want to use like an advertorial or VSL. If you want more content on that as well, just drop some comments below because we're experimenting a lot with that right now and you're having a lot of fun with it.

Now, once you get people actually buy, the third biggest lever you have is how much money someone spends with you the first time they buy from you keyword first time they buy with you. That's the first thing we're going to focus on now. This is your AOV.

And for me, AOV is extremely important because let's say if we're getting people in for $25 a person and that $25 a person comes in and they spend $50 with us and we have an average grace margin of let's just say 70%. That gives us like maybe $5, $10 of profit after ad costs, product costs, and shipping costs. But what if we were able to keep that 70% margin, keep that $25 CPA, but instead of $50, they could spend $75 with us.

Now they're spending $25 more with us. Now we have like $30 to $35 in profits after ad costs, shipping, and product costs. So how do you actually get your AOV up?

Well, to get your AOV up, I always like to ask myself a very simple question. What problems will be created by them buying my product? So like for example, my iPhone, I didn't have a problem of needing a screen protector until after I bought the phone.

I didn't have the problem of needing Bluetooth earbuds because now they don't have to stay in their earbuds anymore until I bought the iPhone. I didn't have the problem of needing a protective case until I bought the iPhone. All of these are problems that are created due to me buying this product.

So for example, in, you know, this particular case to get your AOV up, what are the problems that are created? So, you know, they have earbuds, they have screen protector, they have a phone case, all of these key things here that when you go to the AT&T store, the phone store and buy that iPhone, they already have ready to go for you in terms of upsells right then and there. And they'll be like charging cord $50.

We know for a fact you can get that off like $5, $10 on Amazon, but they don't even sell the charging cord anymore in the box. So you like have to buy these things. So these are the easy things.

A couple other things for AOV. I know a lot of people like to do the bundle upsell. I think bundles work really well if you have a product for bundles.

To be fair, like maybe I'm a dad and I'm about to go buy some iPhones for like all of my kids, for example, like that'll work, but it's probably not the average, you know, person. Like I only have maybe 5-10% of people that come in that want to buy iPhones for everyone. But like the brand that I bought those basic t-shirts from, I did buy like five or six already.

So for me, a bundle deal actually would have been very beneficial for me to encourage me to spend more within that particular business right now. So that's where a bundle deal would actually work really well. Now, as far as execution on AOV, a couple different things you can do.

You can use like Zipify, for example, for that post purchase upsell. There's like some things like SlideCard, I think it's called. It's where you can like add the end card upsells and stuff.

There's Frequently Bought Together, really great app and very, very easy. And also too, Frequently Bought Together, shout out to Charlie the Disruptor. I know he actually put a put meal and game on this, where you go to Amazon and just look at, okay, hey, I'm selling wine, for example.

Amazon wine, click on it. What are the Frequently Bought Together items? Just copy those items and add those to your website.

Very simple from there. Now, once you get people to buy and spend a lot of money with you, the next biggest thing is LTV. And LTV, very complex subject right there, because this is what's going to allow you to basically, hey, people are spending more of this on that first purchase, but then we're really judged by our value based off how long people stick with this.

It's where LTV becomes extremely important right there. There's a lot of factors for LTV. LTV, the first thing we like to look at is honestly, the first purchase.

Did they have a really great first purchase? Because if a customer has a extremely bad first time buying experience with you, they're not going to buy back with you again. So the first thing we want to look at is that make sure they have a really great experience.

Now, after they have that really great experience, then it's what are new products that continue to help them achieve what we initially set out for? So like, for example, my whole brand is around selling Facebook ads. That's what my whole brand is around.

And I have a free product, which is my YouTube videos. I have a small ebook, ads.scalebook.com that teaches people how to write Facebook ads.scale. So that's a $29 product.

And then what happens is people write, might go through that book, they love it, ton of value, and then they go to my inner circle because I give them more in terms of the help of them achieving their Facebook ads. So I always like to offer more products that are more expensive to help further get them to where they want to go. Now, there'd be some like exceptions for like a jewelry brand or like a clothing brand, but you could have higher tier clothing products, higher tier jewelry products on your website.

They come in for the cheap jewelry products, clothing products, but then they get these higher tier products basically just because they enjoyed the first couple with you. So I like to look at is a problem they originally came to us with or the desire they originally came with us with and then offering them more products to help them better satisfy that desire. Again, people purchase my ebook and that offers them, it gives them the basic template of what they need.

And they're like, I need more help from you, Nick. Cool. Here's my inner circle, $29 book to $1,000 a month program, my inner circle.

Then it's like, okay, Nick, this is phenomenal. You're helping me with this, but now they're like, you've made me so much money and I want to keep going further. How about I'm just handing you off my ads?

And then I charge 10 TMO to run Facebook ads for people. So yeah, there you go. So I went from $29 to $1,000 to $10,000 right there.

And it's like, boom, boom, boom. And I just increased that LTV of that customer from literally purchasing a $29 ebook by giving them more products that offer closer connection and closer, what I would say, like higher levels of fulfillment to help them achieve that desire over time right there. And that's a big thing for LTV right there for me.

And if we can get a customer in, say, for example, for $29 and we only pay $40 to acquire that customer and that customer goes and spends a thousand with us and then $10,000 with us, like that LTV is huge right there. And that's going to make us way more profitable down the line. So these are the four main levers that we focus on controlling in businesses.

And once the clients are, you know, as clients are scaling to $1,000,000 a month, there's not really like one particular lever that they focus on and not the others. All four levers are taken with really high levels of seriousness of consistent pressure to hit that $1,000,000 a month. You know, in the beginning stages, you might be just trying to find your first winning creative, but once you find that first winning creative, then in like all four just become super, super important, consistent pressure on all four from scaling from 30 KM up to a hundred KM up from a hundred KM up to a million to a million to three to $5 million a month.

All four keep getting consistent pressure on those levers right there for scaling there. So hope you all enjoyed this video. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hit that like button. Get that's to try out for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And if you want me to come in your business and do all this work for you, you know, have me run all your Facebook ads and everything like that.

Click me below to have Nick Terry run your ads. And then if you want me to actually do this with you, where you don't know the work, and I'm just guiding you and everything like that, then have Nick Terry mentor you below. Thank you all so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.