I wouldn't spend another dime on Facebook ads until I watch this video. Today, I'll be revealing the four things I wish I knew before starting Facebook ads that would have changed the trajectory of my career. It would probably have led me to success earlier on with Facebook ads as I've been running Facebook ads now since 2015.

And it wasn't until really 2019. I started to really see success with it. And yeah, I have a lot of success now with Facebook ads.

We've done over $30 million in online revenue with Facebook ads for our clients at our agency. And today, I really want to talk about the four things that I wish I knew before getting started with Facebook ads. Now, if you're new to the channel, you don't know who I am.

My name is Nick Terrio. I run a Facebook ads agency. We specifically focus on e-com brands and we help them grow and scale to seven figures a month.

So if you're interested in some of our services we provide, click on the link below book haul for me and my team. And we'll provide a strategy session with you. Other than that, I have nothing else to sell you.

I literally give you guys everything completely free, fully transparent of how we do our services and things like that on this channel. So you can have your own little success with Facebook ads. So that being said, let's dive into the video again.

So that being said, let's dive into the video. All right. Number one, the first thing I wish I knew before getting started with Facebook ads is that you need a winning offer.

Okay. If you do not have a winning offer, you can test all the ads you want. You can test all the landing pages you want, and you will not see the success you want, which will keep you constantly, constantly testing and fumbling and losing money.

And then you realized, wait, I had it kind of flipped around basically of the way I'm looking at things. When I look at a winning offer, I don't look at 10% off. I don't look at free shipping.

Okay. Those play a part of it. But for me, an offer is everything you get in exchange for my money.

Okay. So if I give you 10 bucks, everything you give me is the offer. Okay.

So for us, we like to look at, let's say, for example, for selling a phone. Okay. For example, we're selling a phone and this phone is not better than an iPhone or better than a Samsung galaxy, whatever.

It's going to be very hard to sell that product. So a winning offer needs to be better than the competition. So that's the first thing.

So you need to have a product that's better than a competition. Is it more durable? Is it faster?

Is it cheaper? Is it quicker? Is it have more features?

Does it have some type of groundbreaking technology? Does it remove the limitations of previous products? So, you know, with this phone, it does this without any former limitations of other products that people have had.

Okay. So it needs to be a better product. That's number one.

That's the core, like essential of a better offer is a better product. Okay. Now, secondly, if you don't have a better product and if you don't at least meet the standards, of what the industry you're advertising in is meeting, you're going to have a very hard time.

So if I'm trying to sell an iPhone five in a market where everyone's buying iPhone 13s, iPhone 14s, it's going to be very hard for me to scale. Okay. I will get a few sales.

Don't get me wrong. But I'll have a very hard time. Okay.

Now, everyone's selling an iPhone 13. I'm selling an iPhone 13. It's the same product across the board.

And I don't necessarily have a better product. We all have the same product. Then maybe I can look at it being cheaper.

Maybe free shipping, maybe an extended warranty, things like that, that can actually help out with positioning our offer as a better offer. Okay. But it takes a lot of research for this.

You really need to understand at least five to 10 of your competitors and really understand where the market's at and really write down everyone's offers and showcase how you have a better offer than everyone else. Okay. So that's number one, because if you have a bad offer, you will not see any performance.

Okay. You will not get anything. You might get a few sales here and there, but it's going to be very inconsistent.

You're going to have a lot of troubles and issues with that. It's going to be very hard to be profitable with Facebook ads. And at first, I didn't think, I didn't know if this was even like part of the equation.

I thought you could just take any product, throw it up with some creative and copy and boom. And then if it failed, then all right, cool. Let's just change up the audience and stuff like that.

That was my old beliefs. So this is how it's changed tremendously for me. All right.

Number two is that messaging and creative is the only thing you can control inside of the ad account. Okay. So this is a really big thing right here.

Okay. You can't hack your way to better Facebook ads. Okay.

If you have an ad and like, you know, let's just say, for example, you already have a good offer. That's, you know, questionably out the equation right there. You already have to go to offer and you're, you know, running different ads against this offer.

Okay. You can't magically flip around the ad account and different constructs, like different like constraints and stuff like that to create better results. Okay.

Your results are purely dependent on obviously your offer, but your messaging and your creative. If you want to improve your Facebook ads, robust, and you already have a solid offer, then you need to improve your creative and your copy. If you have bad creative and you have bad copy, you're not going to see the results you want.

And you can go try all the different like hacks and stuff like that. If MoFu, BoFu, duplicating an ad 50 different times in one ad set to find like a winning pocket of audience, which is complete bullshit. You can do all of this.

Maybe you run an add to cart campaign first, then retarget you with purchases, like all of these crazy things. Okay. You can't do any of that.

None of that's going to give you the lift and performance you want. Okay. The lift of performance you want is purely dedicated to your creative and your copy.

And I didn't understand this at first. Okay. At first, like our very first client case study, we came in, we took a few of their best performing ads, quote unquote at the time.

And we applied this top funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel structure in their business. And we immediately saw a huge improvement in performance. And then we signed on three more clients after that, apply that same structure.

And guess what? Failed on all three, the next three clients. And we were very questioning why, Hey, the structure worked amazing for this brand.

Why didn't it work for these next three brands? Because we were putting the structure of the ad account as the highest contributing factor to better performance, better performance comes down to creative and copy and amazing offer. It's the only three things you control in your business that actually move the needle inside of your accounts, robust profits, all that good stuff right there.

Now, number three is that ads allow you to spend more in the ad account. So we already know that ads are, make move the needle inside of the ad accounts. So the next thing is that just because you have a winning ad at a hundred dollars a day, a spin does not mean you'll have that same winning ad at a thousand dollars.

They had spent. In fact, in all of our accounts, the ads that took us from, you know, zero dollars to a hundred dollars, they've spin. We're not the same ads that we ran from a hundred dollars a day to a thousand.

And we're not the same ads from a thousand to 2000 or 2000 to 10,000. Okay. Each new winning ad will have a different point of diminishing returns.

So one ad, again, you can scale up to $10,000 a day. Um, like for example, let's say, for example, you have a thousand dollar a day or a hundred dollar a day ad set with three ads in it. Okay.

And you want to take that a hundred dollar a day ad set with those three ads in it and scale up to a thousand dollars a day. Those three ads are all going to have a different failure point at which they are no longer profitable. So out of those three ads, maybe one can get you to a thousand dollars a day.

One ad might only cap at $200 a day. And another ad might break at $300 a day. Okay.

Every ad will have a different point of diminishing returns. And that's why we're consistently testing six to 10 new ads on a weekly basis for our clients, because this allows us to continuously find new ads. And we're consistently looking at marketing fundamentals to reach a larger, larger group of people in the market to where we can maximize our reach and maximize exposure in the market to get in front of as many eyeballs as possible.

Okay. You might have one ad that only appeals to a certain small subset, a group of people. And then you might have another ad that appeals to a larger group of people.

And that's the majority reason why certain ads can spend a lot more than others. This is also why we stopped using a testing campaign and a scaling campaign, because we test all of our ads at like $10 a day to $100 a day, just depending on the overall account spending goal or a daily spend goal for that account. And we can send continuously kept finding winners at a low budget, but they were not winners that move the business forward.

So now that we're testing everything in one campaign, we're scaling and testing in one campaign, then we're consistently finding new winners in the account. That's actually moving the needle for the business. And when we find a new winner, it's clear as day, like we'll literally make quantum leaps and spin and revenue every time we find a new winning ad for the business.

So it's very easy to identify when you find a winning ad. And I do have a full video on that called how to test or how to run dynamic Facebook ads in 2022. I literally show you guys exactly inside the ad accounts of exactly how we do that.

And number four, and this is audience testing, retargeting campaigns and testing campaigns are all a huge waste of time. Okay. And it wasn't until recently that added test campaigns to this as well, since we switched over to dynamic and running one, basically prospecting campaign in that center right there.

So first off, I wish I would have never ran an audience and that perspective right there interest look likes all that like that. They were a huge waste of time. Okay.

And the reason why is because they only allow you to spend a certain level of spend for the business and then they cap out due to audience reach size. So that's a big problem right there. Secondly, they're more expensive.

And lastly, Facebook is consistently phasing out look like audiences and interest audiences as well. And the reason why I can say that is because on every month basis, Facebook is removing more interest and every month or not every month, but they're phasing out those interest groups and everything like that. And for example, we had a client there where one particular interest group that we were targeting was very profitable for them.

And guess what? Overnight, Facebook removed that interest group. Next day, couldn't target anymore.

Ads it went active. And guess what? We had to switch to a new audience.

Obviously, since that day has happened, we completely went all in on broad and we spent roughly six to $7 million this year on Facebook ads. And we have used broad targeting only. We do not use interest or look likes and our clients are able to spend a lot more and they make a lot more money in the process.

So secondly, is that audience expansion is automatically apply now to look like audiences and interest audiences. So there's no more true audience test anymore because Facebook sees that it's struggling with performance on a particular audience group or look like audience group. It will automatically go ahead and reach people outside of that audience group.

So that's why we don't lose audiences or interests or look likes anymore. And also, we only use now broad targeting, which is age, gender, and location. And the reason why I wish I knew this earlier on because I spent so much time and money obsessing over the audience targeting that I failed to look within the account.

And if I've just focused on broad the whole time, I would never question is it the audience or the ad? And I spent more time focusing on the ad versus the audience and I would have wasted a lot less money in the process. Now, obviously, also to retargeting campaigns with our one campaign account structure.

If we see anything above a 1.0 frequency on that particular campaign, we know we are retargeting people. Also, with 14.5, it tremendously hurt the retargeting side of our ability to retarget people. So it just doesn't make sense anymore to retarget people in that aspect right there.

And then lastly, if people require a multi-step funnel to go through before they're ready to purchase, why not just make ads that include all of those funnel steps in one ad from converting you from the initial like initial concept book headline everything to providing social proof in the ad to providing a great offer at the end. And then lastly, testing campaign again, already kind of covered a little bit about that right there. We just use one campaign now.

So that would be give every ad the opportunity to be new North Star ads for the business. And that's our new winning ads, ads that completely take revenue levels to a whole new level for the business. Well, guys, that is four things I wish I knew before starting with Facebook ads.

It would have saved me a lot of time. It would have saved me a lot of money on wasted ad spend. And it would have made me probably make me a lot more money earlier on in my years.

But hey, we live and learn. And I'm loving to be able to share that message with you guys to help you guys out to where you guys don't make the same mistake I did. So thank you again for watching.

Again, we do run a e-com growth agency. And if you're loving these videos, stuff like that, you're making at least 50K to 100K a month in revenue. And you're looking for a fast-growing agency to help you grow and scale your business revenue.

We only work with 10 clients at a time. So I'm just going to warn you now for that. So depending on when you actually book that call, we may not have an opening available for you.

Click the link below. Book call me and my team. All out of your accounts.

Provide you a strategy session. And then from there, you'll have the opportunity to work with us if we think you're a good fit. So thank you guys so much for watching.

Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio.

Talk to you guys later. Peace.