What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Theriot and today I have an exciting new video for you guys.

Today I want to dive into five ad angles we typically use across ad accounts. These are commonly used and not the all I use, but it's the most common ones I do use and test at certain points of ad accounts and they work really well. So I want to show you case you guys these five ad angles.

It's going to help a lot of you guys who are kind of struggling with what type of ad copy to put and what type of creative concept we should put at certain places in the funnel. So this will give you some fresh ideas to at least roll these out across your account. This will also help out a lot with new creatives to test, new ad copy to test for you guys who are scavenging out right now to find more creative and ad copy to test.

So with that being said, before we hop into the video, make sure you hit that like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Let's dive into it guys. All right.

So five ad angles that just work. And I say that just work because again, these are very commonly used across our ad accounts. We test them in our early stages of testing before we start making some variations of these and they work 90% of the time for almost every ad account.

Now, again, there is those exceptions. And if they don't work for you, that's okay. Because again, this is just something to test these ad angles.

We put in our creative testing campaign. We test them. If they work, we use them.

If they don't work, then we move on and we create some new ones and we further dive into it. So that's okay. If they don't work for you, I'm just simply sharing with you guys what's some stuff that's working for us.

And again, these vary by niche. They vary for the type of product, et cetera. But here's some five ad angles that I highly recommend testing inside of your ad your ad accounts.

So number one is the how to ad angle. So in your ad copy, um, and even like your headline, this will be something where you're really leveraging the how to. So today's father's day.

So we did an ad angle for father's day. It was like how to surprise your dad with the best father's day gift. And we've had a few different gift ideas.

We've had, you know, our gift and our product positioned in that ad right here, how to break past a hundred thousand dollars per month using Facebook ads. So people with the goal and the desire, or even the problem of trying to break past a hundred K a month is going to want to click on this ad because it arrives, it drives a curiosity behind it. So you'll see this a lot in my YouTube videos or in YouTube videos, just in general, the how to YouTube videos work really well because it really grabs people's attention and it drives that curiosity aspect.

So those were clothing brands. You can do how to dress for summer vibes. And literally just have a few, a little bit of like tidbits and stuff here and there, and then position your product in those how to.

So again, if, if, if I'm running Facebook ads agency, I could run an ad, how to break past a hundred K a month. You need to do X, Y, and Z, and you can do it yourself, or you can work with an ad agency. That's going to help you because we're going to save you a lot of time.

So again, it's, it's all about positioning and how you position your product into this how to format. So it's a really great ad angle to test. Now, lastly, this how to ad angle, I like to use this a lot at tofu.

So these first few I'm going to show you is going to be more tofu. So top of funnel, cold prospecting. And then the last two I'm going to show you is going to be more mofu and bofu.

So you're, you're warmer people and hotter people that need just a little more information to make the purchase confidently with your brand. So the next one is pain points. And pain points is very wildly used.

Um, it's very common. It's seen in a lot, a lot of advertising. And the reason why is because it works.

So people have a natural desire or problem. So you're either facing a problem or you have a desire. And those two right there is what drives you to make a purchase.

And that's why it's commonly used in advertising because it works. It just, it's simple, it's effective and it really works. So communicating to people that, Hey, I understand your pain point.

I understand that you have this problem and this is what you need to do to overcome it. I have the solution. Just need to buy my product, my course, my consulting session, et cetera.

So a lot of you guys that are watching this channel, you have the pain points with something in your Facebook ads funnel, your econ brand, maybe you're stuck scaling. Maybe you are trying to figure out this Facebook ads thing. Maybe you're trying to figure out how to do better creatives and stuff.

And you have these pain points. That's, you know, in terms of I'm stuck, I can't figure this out. If only I can figure this out, I can get X.

So these pain points right here really drives you to take action. And this is what's used in advertising is we'll literally go after these pain points. Don't have the perfect fit for summer.

Check out these great suggestions. So for people who are in the clothing, you know, if you don't have the perfect fit for the summer, then people with the pain point of trying to search for the perfect summer outfit is going to click on that app stuck scaling Facebook ads. Then the people who are watching this video right now, if you were hit with an ad like that and you're stuck scaling Facebook ads, you're most likely going to click on it.

So this first kind of like either your headline or first sentence of your, your ad copy is we're going to really want to leverage one of these. So stuck scaling Facebook ads. Do you find that you're hitting a barrier of a hundred dollars per day in spend?

And just can't quite feel like scale it past that rash drops and don't know what to do. So I'm really hitting those pain points and understand those different pain points. And you know, again, I know I have a lot of people that follow me for clothing brands, but I don't work dominantly with just clothing brands, but I do have a lot of people ask about like clothing brands, how I can relate this to it.

So for clothing brand, don't have the perfect fit for summer. Don't have the perfect fit for, you know, the night out this weekend. Can't find a boutique that fits your style.

Then here's this. So just really leveraging of an understanding where your consumers at and understanding how you can like the pain points and stuff there might be possibly experiencing right now and really hit on that. So you want to lead with that in your ad copy or your headline, and you can test it both.

Number three, simplicity. I'm going to get pain points, how to, and simplicity. These are top three.

I would recommend running for more of your tofu, your top of funnel, your cold audience ads, people that have no clue who you are and don't care who you are. Now, simplicity is a little bit more broader. So you're not really going after a pain point or a desire or anything.

We're simply just being simplistic as possible with our product. And this also helps because a lot of times people, when they're running ads, they feel like they have to make this very complicated, you know, ad copy, ad concept that people just don't understand. And what happens is, is their message gets lost.

And when the message gets lost, less people click on the ad, less conversions, less ROAS. So sometimes what we do is, this is one of the, like the core, like ad angles we test when we're launching a new ad account is being simplistic as possible. We run Facebook ads for you.

We run high converting Facebook ads for you. That's it. Super simple, like straight to the point.

So again, for products, you know, we have like a brand that does metal signs. So we can do, we sell personalized metal signs, super simple. And that way people who click on that ad or see that ad, they're like, okay, whoa, that's what they do.

Simple. And I just, it's easy for people to become curious around it because it's super simple, straight to the point. And for the people in the market for those particular things, you're going to get some conversions from them because we run high converting Facebook ads for you.

If I'm positioning that ad in front of someone who is an e-com business and is looking for someone to run Facebook or is looking for someone to run their Facebook ads, then we would do very well with it. Now, again, simplicity, this is not like the one-all be-all ad, but like I said, it's definitely one to test out. We don't find it works.

Like we don't find that we can scale with this one. We find that we get some good entry-level data for accounts, but then as we start to scale up, we start to leverage some other stuff like how-tos, pain points, and a few other ones that we have like in our arsenal and stuff. But this is a really good one.

Highly recommended testing it, especially if you've spent a lot of time on ad copy and just kind of going back to very simple, straightforward, just trying to get some data back and, you know, making sure your message is being clearly communicated to the consumer without any loss because you're using this complicated ad copy or complicated ad theme or concept. Now, number four is social proof. Social proof is probably one of the easiest ones to really get out there.

And literally all you're doing simply leveraging a testimonial, you're leveraging a testimonial. You're leveraging like a story about like one of your clients that achieved some success, like a case study. So you're really just showcasing that your product works and that people love it.

Super simple. So you can do pictures, like have your clients, your customers take pictures of your products, enjoying it. That's one way to leverage this.

You can also leverage this in the ad copy with like doing the quotation marks and doing a little like testimonial, getting your consumer to or your customer to provide your testimonial that you can leverage. So there's a few different ways to leverage social proof, but we highly recommend using social proof and mofo and bofo. So our middle of funnel and our bottom of funnel.

We've even used this at top of funnel and still works really well. So this is like one of those you can pretty much use anywhere in the funnel. But we find a lot of success with, you know, using like some cold audience ads that really drive and like pre-frame people with the right mindset when they enter into our, like our marketing funnel and then middle funnel, it works really well because it's people that haven't really viewed our products or taking our products seriously yet.

That's people who've engaged our brand, who has watched videos and stuff. They're aware of kind of what we're doing and stuff, but they're not really completely sold on us for some reason. So they're trying to figure out what brand, you know, really kind of sticks out from the competition.

And that's why if we leverage really a good bit of case studies, testimonials, reviews, you know, people enjoying the product and stuff, what's going to happen is it's going to keep your brand kind of like top of mind and really positioned in their mind that, Hey, this brand is on some really cool stuff. I really want to go check for more of their stuff out. So social proof works super well.

Again, we recommend this more middle of funnel. And again, we've seen success at all stages, but middle of funnel, we've seen the greatest impact on our campaigns. Now, number five is the once in a lifetime deal.

Now, again, it doesn't have to be that crazy in terms of like a once in a lifetime, but that's the way we want to make it seem in the prospects minds. So this is where we want to leverage this at bottom of funnel. So this is people that's been pre-framed the right mindset when they entered the funnel in terms of what we do, how we help them.

Then in middle of funnel, they've been pre-framed again with a lot of great social proof and positive statements around the brand. Now, bottom of funnel, this is, they've been in the funnel now, maybe for a week, they've been going through everything. They've looked at the website, they looked at all that stuff, but they're still just not quite ready yet.

And these are people that literally just need some type of tripwire to get them to purchase. And this is where we're going to leverage at bottom of funnels, probably like an add to cart seven day, add to cart, 30 day audience, maybe add to cart, 14 day audience. Hey, here today, only 10% off your few placeholder, 25% off your placeholder.

And what's going to happen is, is people are going to be more inclined to take that action because they've been doing a lot of research around your brand. They're just waiting for the right offer. And we're going to position them a really good offer.

And sometimes it's not even like a discount. Sometimes it could be, Hey, today, only if you purchase this, you know, Bose headphones right here, you get a free iPhone with it as well. Now that'd be one crazy, crazy offer.

But again, that's just an example. Sometimes it could be a free product with your main product you're trying to get to sell. So hopefully that kind of makes sense.

So be creative with your offers. We're on a lot of different offers. So we like to kind of change them up consistently.

So every holiday is today's father's day. I'm filming this video. So it can be like father's day sale going on for the weekend.

We're really hitting that audience variety of different offers. You can create, keep creating them, testing them and figuring out like the best way to put out this funnel right here. So I really hope this video kind of helped you guys out with providing y'all some fresh add angles to test inside of your funnel.

And you know, like I said, really leverage these test these out, figure out how they work on your brand. I would say probably most of y'all, this is what's going to happen. You're going to watch this video.

You're going to go create one ad. And this one ad is going to have like today. Only if you sign up, you get 25% off.

You'll run that for like a day. It won't work. And you're probably like, Oh, dislike this video sucks.

It doesn't work. And that's, that's the point. This, these work, but you have to understand how to test these properly.

So I highly recommend checking out our creative testing videos to really learn how to really test ad copy and test creative and stuff. Because you know, if you have a bad creative and you're leveraging these concepts and the creative is the poor performer, but you're thinking is the ad copy, then you're going to have a bad time. So really make sure you're testing these efficiently.

I mean, they've worked very well for us. 90% of the ad accounts we use, they work very well for us. So highly recommend testing these and leveraging these at different stages of the funnel, because again, there's different mindsets within the consumer at each stage.

You have to be able to provide the proper information to them at each stage to make sure that they're receiving the right message at the right time. And again, also at the right audience as well. So, but yeah, guys really hope this helped.

And if you're an econ business owner and you need some help with your paid advertising, maybe you hit some type of block and you're, you know, you're trying to scale past a 50 KM off, trying to hit that a hundred KM off, 200 KM off, then make sure you click the link below to book a call with me and my team. And we'll hop on a call at you. We'll build out like a kind of a marketing plan for your plan of action to hit your goals over your next six months.

And after that, you have the option to either work with us, or you can take that plan and run. So pretty much up to you, no risks call, click link below. And, uh, it's definitely going to be, you know, very impactful for you.

So now if you enjoyed this video, make sure you hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Well guys, it's about that time. My name is Nick Theriot and I hope you enjoyed this video.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.