Today, I will be showing you the five Facebook ad hooks you need to be running in 2024, based off previous success we've had with some of our top winning ads. So with that being said, let me show you a couple of the things that some of these hooks have generated for us. It's helped us be able to spend over $100,000 plus on each individual ad in this particular account.

It's helped to scale Shopify stores from literally $16,000 a month to about $400,000 a month in revenue by finding new winning ads with some of these hooks that we've leveraged. And also too, it's helped us generate over 260,000 leads for a lead gen client. So let's dive into these five Facebook ad hooks.

I'm also going to show you some examples with each hook of how you can apply it to your business, what the hook is, and all those good things right there. So winning hook number one, this is my girlies who need a girl's night soon. This is the hook that we leveraged.

And you could take this hook and transform it to something like, this is for my gym bros who need an extra boost in the gym. So calling out a specific type of audience, who that person is, is it a gym bro? Is it a car owner?

Is it a Facebook ad agency owner? Who that particular person is? You can also go even further in depth.

So like, you know, gym bros, you could even go to like bodybuilders. This is for my bodybuilders who need an extra boost in the gym. This is for my bodybuilders who want to put an extra, a pound of muscle on the next 30 days.

Just give you an example right there. Another example, this is for my Facebook agency owners who wants to land more high paying clients. So again, this is the hook that's worked well for us.

And then all we can do is we can transform that hook into other versions that will work for our unique scenario. Now, winning hook number two, POV, you are my emotional support art project. So very emotional based hook right here.

So let's go into this a little bit more. So you could run this as POV. You're my confidence boosting leggings.

So, you know, you can have like a girl going through this and talking about these particular leggings. Another way you can even run this is POV. You help my glutes look good in the gym.

It's not a route to go. POV, you help my, you are my glutes boosting leggings in the gym. Something like that.

POV, you give me long lasting natural energy every morning. So that's another route right there. So a little bit more of a tougher one right here, but again, following that same route as POV, you're my emotional support art project.

Now, next one, little known change in Medicare can leave you owing thousands. I love this one a lot. This is one of my favorites right here.

Little known change in the Facebook ads manager can leave you owing thousands. So see right there, little known change. So I'm basically just kind of striking that curiosity.

I'm calling out a product, a niche, something like that. Mostly just a product that people are already actively using. And then I'm, I'm talking about a little known change in that particular product that can leave you owing thousands.

You can also do this as a positive or a negative. So little known change to make in your gym routine that can help you boost weight loss. So instead of saying, oh, in thousands, I just said, boost weight loss.

And again, this is where it's more of an unaware type of that as well. Just to put that in perspective, because it's, it's calling out this little known change in educating people about it. And then boom, and you know, your product that solves that particular problem that we're creating for them.

Next one, the easiest way to fight inflammation. This is such a simple one right here. The easiest way to get creatives that convert the easiest way to fight the afternoon crash, the easiest way to get a three extra fast with Facebook ads, the easiest way to lose weight in the gym, the easiest way for moms of three to feed their kids at night.

Again, a lot, just really easy. Key thing here is the easiest way. And then whatever people want.

And then lastly, winning hook number five, finally, a coffee alternative that tastes like coffee. So we're calling out product and then we're calling out a limitation of other products that tried to do the same. So coffee alternative, that's the product.

And we're calling out the fact that this was the first one actually tastes like coffee. So this is assuming that others have failed at this particular thing of tasting like a coffee alternative. Finally, a Facebook ads course that actually teaches marketing fundamentals.

That might be my course right there. I'm plugging. Finally, there's a men's shirt that doesn't make my gut stick out.

So I'm calling out the product and I'm calling out a limitation that this same product, like other competitors selling the same product has had problems with. So if I go look at a bunch of one-star reviews and all the guys are talking about how their gut sticking out due to this particular shirt, I'll create a shirt that doesn't make the gut stick out. And then I'll call that out in that particular hook right there.

So hope you guys enjoyed this video. I really want to take a step further and not just give you the winning hooks. I also want to show you other ways you could run them for your particular scenarios right there.

All of these examples were purely things I just made up on the spot. So we're actually not activating, promoting any of these products that you could run, but all the winning hooks were from products that we're already actively running in ads. We're already actively running as well.

So I really hope you guys enjoy the example. So you can see how you can actually apply that to your unique situation. Make sure you hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And if you're interested in having me run your ads, I help brand scale from $100,000 a month to multiple seven figures a month by running and creating Facebook ads that convert. So click the link below to book a call with me and my team. And then other as well, I have my monthly mentoring.

Click the link below for Nick's monthly mentoring, where I can actually coach you on how to run ads better. And then lastly, with my Facebook ads course, where it's purely just if you want step-by-step videos, you don't want any coaching, you don't want any high ticket paid services or anything like that, but you just want to kind of learn better around the Facebook ad side, then there's the Facebook ads course now that is dropped below. That's 80% on marketing fundamentals.

So thank you all so much for watching. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.