Today, we'll be going over five Facebook ad images that scale, specifically ones that scale in 2024 and things we've seen a lot of success with. So that being said, let's dive into the video. So first, Facebook ad image that scales is just simply a picture of the product.

These are great for like aware type ads, even potentially just like product wear ads where people are kind of aware of the product or aware of the price and all that good stuff. And we just simply want to call out something that increases the trust or increases the perceived superiority of the product or what people desire. NetSense right there.

Very easy ad to make. Simply just goes back to more of the product photography you're doing and those good things like that. So, and this was done right here with like a macro lens is what they call it.

So if you have like a smaller product like this, for example, this ad from Ridge where they use like a macro lens specifically for like those close-up shots and those good things right there. So first one, just simply a picture of the product. And the next one is a picture of the product in use.

This is specifically a great example right here with a vacuum cleaner where it's more of those products that you need to visually articulate. But you don't really want to do a video in that case. Then what you want to do is you want to kind of showcase the product, take pictures of the product while it's in use.

And you may need to even add some illustrations to better help visualize that. As you can see right here, they added like these kind of little like blue things right here from graphics later on top of this to be able to actually kind of visually articulate this vacuum actually doing the thing that it does. And they show a couple of examples charging, you know, sweeping up or sucking up this dirt and then easily just being poured out at the end right there.

So great example right here of a picture of the product in use. Now, the next one is a picture of the desire. This is really good right here where people want to get lean.

They want to get, you know, quote, like abs for the summer. I guess you could say right here. And we're just simply showcasing a picture of what people desire.

And then we're showcasing our product with that picture they desire to help visually articulate that, hey, if you're looking for this, this is what our product does. Very simple ad to make. And this helps a lot, especially to reaching your solution aware audience of people who, you know, they want to get lean.

They want to get shredded. They don't really know what the product is or what they need to do. And then they see an ad like this.

And this will help better visually bring them in and then sell them on the product that they need for that. Now, the next one is a picture of the feature. I originally saw this actually brought to my attention when I was riding back in Miami.

I think I was going from, you know, like this little Michelin star restaurant. I went to eat ads and I was driving, you know, riding back to the Uber to, you know, back to the hotel. And I remember seeing like the big poster or billboard where it was just like iPhone 14, like now in titanium or like now in like a green color and just simply highlighting a feature.

And that's it. Nope. Not selling to desire, not selling to a problem, not selling to a benefit.

And this works well in very sophisticated marketplaces. The iPhone, for example, is a very sophisticated marketplace because, you know, people already know about iPhones. People already use iPhones and stuff like that.

So we can only highlight a feature when they've already used these products, when they've already had fun and like, you know, they've already experienced them. And now we're just highlighting little things that they want more out of those products. So in this example right here, you know, there's already thousands of watch bands on the market.

And we just simply called out the feature of, hey, titanium right here. And also keep in mind, we didn't actually create this ad. Just making sure you guys are aware of that.

They're simply calling out the titanium band right here because, you know, it's just a new feature, a new thing that separates this product from all the other bands on the marketplace. So that's it. Picture of the feature.

And lastly is picture of the problem. And this is simply we're just calling out the problem, showing a picture of it. And this one right here requires more of an advanced marketing funnel to go with it.

You definitely want to run like an advertorial or a sales page with this that kind of goes into the problem. And then deeper into that solution on that page itself. Because all you're simply doing right here is calling out people with that problem.

They don't know what the solution is. They just have this problem. And then we want to bring people to this other page where we'll go into that problem, then go into the solution, then go into the product for that particular problem itself.

So hope you guys enjoyed this. Again, this is five Facebook ad images that scale in 2024. Hopefully this helps you out.

Drop a comment below what was your favorite one from this video. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And with that being said, my name is Hectorio. I'll chat with y'all later. Peace out.