Yo guys, welcome back to the channel. Excuse the glare. It's new setup.

New filming setup is very difficult to film after 6 p.m. my time. So I'm just going to say that.

So anyway, exciting new video for you guys. Today we'll be talking about men's clothing brand that we've helped do $650,000 in 30 days. Basically we're going to talk about five different steps that we took to make sure they were successful.

And yeah, so before we get started, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Saturday and Friday. That being said, let's dive into the video. So men's clothing brand, the $650,000 in 30 days, how we did it in five steps.

So first off, this is actually 650,000 euros, which comes out to like 696,000 USD. This is in May as well. They basically came to us with a goal of, hey, we want to do 500,000 euros and we helped them do 650,000 euros.

And I want to talk about a few key things in here. First off, I want you to just look at it from an overall perspective here. You can see right here, new customer revenue is 438,000 euros.

And this is based off triple over here. We're using for this reporting right here. Triple L showing 438,000 new customer revenue.

Whereas we had 212,000 returning customer revenue, which is really cool because that basically just shows that we've acquired a lot of new customers. We weren't just using purely returning customers. We acquired a lot of new customers, which is going to help us out when we're looking at it from a LTV range.

This brand is a really amazing LTV. So acquiring new customers is super impactful for us because it's only going to make the next like months even bigger when we drop new products, rent sales, all that good stuff right there. And as you can see, this is just another thing showing overall return on ad spend 3.57, which is really juicy, especially for this particular brand.

So five different steps we took. First one is just, we had a great product. Okay.

This is like the biggest thing. Everyone like there's so many people watching this channel. That's so hungry.

I mean, man, they're hungry to make money online. And their current like belief system right now is that they find a product, they throw it on a website, they run a Facebook ad, they get that ad account structure correct. And then they can scale hard, hard, you know, like that's all they got to do is just change up the ad account structure.

And it's, it's quite false that you need to be spending. If you're working on a new product right now, or if you're in the design phase or anything like that, you need to be spending all of your time around your products, having amazing product that people love, because this is the secret sauce that's allowing brands to scale very hard for us to the point now where we actively go out there and look for brands with really great products that we can help because they need to have a really great product. Okay.

And I would say probably like out of every 10 clients who take on, there's like two or three of amazing products that are unicorns that we can scale very, very hard, aggressively, very quickly. And I would say this is one of those brands right here. So, but secondly is when you have a great product, if you're in design phase, you need to be auditing people out there and getting feedback, getting brand feedback, all that good stuff right there to help improve the efficiency of your product when you launch it.

Now, next thing is they had messaging that resonated. So after you get a really great product, the next best thing is to have a brand that appeals to your desired demographic. Okay.

Now this is where you really need to dive deep into the messaging. And this is why I tell everyone that, Oh, Hey Nick, what, what product do you recommend me doing? Or like, you know, what, what's a really profitable product right now?

And I don't like that thinking at all because you guys love my YouTube channel and you guys love my YouTube channel because I can go, I can offer a lot of value on this channel because I know the topic really well. I know the topic really well because I'm heavily invested into the niche or the industry in that sense. Same thing when it comes down to, um, launching products, the brands that do amazing are the people that literally know the niche very well.

Okay. Um, so you need to dive deep. You need to go look at niches, you know, really well, and double down on that.

If you're no cars, it's from like the back of your hand, then go focus on cars and figure out a brand that's around cars that you can really relate to, you know, the messaging already behind it. Cause you, you know, you know, the brand really well. Um, we have a particular brand that's in the, um, extreme sports, I guess you could say niche, and they know their audience so well.

So every time they create a product, every time they do all of this, the messaging, everything like that comes out so good because they are in the niche active in a niche and are active participants in the niche, then they created the product. So go find niches that you're already actively in and really do some thinking time of how you can launch a product in those specific niches. And that's going to make you way more money.

Um, it's going to make your customers love you more, all that good stuff right there to come. And that's why this brand did so well, because they had a great product, but they also knew the messaging around it really well, because they were actively in that niche. Now, after you get that, after you get the messaging done, after you get the product done, then it's just about taking that and turn it into creatives, which we ran for ads.

We had the ad messaging. Now it's just visually representing that. And these particular creatives that they were able to create, which it did absolutely amazing.

So, you know, we, uh, we really focused on that aspect. And, um, you know, again, this is more of a brand that already had that down before we came on board to where, you know, we just basically were able to help them propel their business forward by just doing a little bit of more of the technical side. So I just want to make sure they get full credit that they had these creatives down already because these creatives, they showcase someone's desired situation.

I tell people all the time who were in, this is a luxury men's brand that you need to just show people in their desired state. So what these people, what this particular brand did is that they showed creatives with people that, um, look like their desired situation. So, you know, people who want to wear these particular clothing is they, they want to look ripped.

They want to look like the ladies, man, the guitar ladies. They want to look successful. They want to look of status, social status, all that good stuff right there.

So we showed people that were, you know, a little bit of ripped, strong, muscular, things like that. Um, that looked like they had status, something that had money, got the girls, all that good stuff right there. And a lot of staff, some really powerful creatives, because now it's showing people what they can be like if they purchase this clothing.

Okay. That's a big strategy when it comes out to clothing marketing. So now that we've got the messaging down, the creatives down, in fact, the ad account structure was super simple for ad account structure.

We followed our simple ad account structure strategy where we're literally going ahead and we have one creative testing campaign, one scaling campaign broad, a hundred percent broad, which is just aged in their location. That's it. So if you're targeting United States men, 18 to 30 years old, that's it.

Cool. And yeah, the ad account structure was stupid, simple. And yeah, I mean, it's really nothing to talk about it.

One campaign for scaling, one campaign for creative testing, test your creatives, move over to your scaling. And that's it. You let Facebook do all the work.

We're in the account five, 10 minutes a day. And we're focused more on overall strategy of how we're going to hit that million dollar a month, $2 million a month. When you get all of this right, product messaging, creative, then you literally spend five to 10 minutes a day on this.

When you get none of this correct, you spend hours a day stressing out over this, when you need to be stressing out on this for hours a day. Okay. This is 10 times harder than me showing you an ad account structure.

That's why your brain naturally wants to come to this, then do this because there's a lot more work. Your body doesn't want to do more work. It wants to do easy.

So you're just like, if someone showed me an ad account structure, boom, we good. And it's not the false. It's not the truth at all.

Now, lastly is inventory. It's not talked about. That's why I want to put it in here.

All right, cool. You get the product down, you get the messaging down, you get the creative sound, you get the ad account. Everything is good.

You're scaling, you're spending money. How much inventory do you have on hand? That was a big mistake that a lot of clothing brands make.

I personally made this mistake with a client about a year ago. Clients just want to keep pushing, push, push. I'm like, all right, cool.

Like I'm trusting you. Just keep pushing. And then all of a sudden clients like, Hey, we have no stock in stock.

We have no more stock at all. We got to let you go. Yeah.

One of my favorite clients, we helped them do amazing. We worked in like 15 months, scaled them up hard, all that good stuff. And called up and just said, Hey, I have no stock left.

We have absolutely no stock at all. And we can't run out for the next two to three months. So went on pause.

So inventory is huge. Um, we're constantly looking at that. And that perspective right there is that obviously you have big goals for the month.

I'm really happy you have those big goals, but how can, how much inventory do you have on hand? Can you, do you have the inventory to supply that? That all comes, that's all the conversation needs to be having for clothing.

Only about 60 to 70% of inventory can be sold at hand because the other 30 to you know, 30 to 40% is odd sizes. So look at your inventory right now. You maybe have a hundred thousand dollars of inventory.

Well, okay, cool. Only about 60 to 70,000 of that can be sold right now, which will equate to about 210 to 180,000. If you're doing a three extra hours.

So gotta look at it from that perspective right there. So if you want to do a big month, you, you know, want to do a million dollars month, a hundred thousand dollars month, make sure you have the inventory in hand. If you don't, it's better to stay at your current rate because you're gonna have a massive problem.

When you scale up hard, make a bunch of money quick. You lose, you lose all your inventory. The next month, it's scaled down.

And then you start running into other issues with like paying people, like all that. It becomes a very big headache. So, and this is something that I see a lot of brand owners, um, have a huge issue with.

So, um, but yeah, guys, that's just five key things that we've helped, or we've looked at as contributors to success with this particular client of us, client of ours. I mean, this client's been with us since November or October, 2015. Uh, we've made them probably close a little over three, $4 million now, uh, since then helped them crush it.

And, uh, it's just really cool to work with, you know, amazing brands like this, and it should be a really good set reason of like, okay, cool. Like these are literally the five pillars of success for them. It should be really great.

Five things that you guys should be looking to model within your business. Thank you guys so much for watching today's video. I really appreciate the support on the channel.

If you are new to the channel, make sure you hit that subscribe button for new videos, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you liked this video, hit the like button and drop a comment below for your favorite part of the video. And if you are a business owner doing at least $50,000 per month in revenue, make sure you click the link below to book a call with me, my team.

Uh, we work with all kinds of businesses between Legion app installs, uh, to e-commerce, which is more of our specialty in the e-com side. Click the link below, book a call with me, my team will hop on a call together. We'll do strategy session together.

And basically from there, uh, you can take that strategy and run with it, or you have the option to work with us if you choose. So make sure you click the link below to book that call, uh, with my team completely for free, no obligations or anything like that. Now, if you're doing less than $50,000 per month, and you're looking to expand and grow your business, keep watching the channel.

As these videos are designed to make you more money level up, you level you up as a marketer. When it comes out to the Facebook ad side, the marketing side, um, and learning those marketing fundamentals and help you grow your business and everything like that. Uh, there will be a course soon.

It's actually going to go through all of this and break it down to more of a bite-sized piece where it's step-by-step that you can leverage inside of your business. Uh, there won't be too further down the line, uh, but we'll keep you guys updated around that. Thank you guys again for watching today's video.

Again, my name is Nick Therrio. Hope you guys have your rest of your day. Peace out.

Talk to you guys next time.