Yo, what's going on guys welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terry and today I have an exciting new video for you guys today I'll be showing you five tricks. You can take action on Simple things you can do to improve your Facebook ad Rob ass, okay So that being said let's dive into the video go right into it But be one second just before we started showing this because I promise you I'll get to it Make sure the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday where I tell you Show you how to be a better marketer and run Facebook ads profitably and drop a comment below But what of these specific action steps you'll be taking and applying to yourself So let's dive into it number one thing you can be doing and this is gonna be order of Importance from what's gonna create the biggest impact to what's gonna create the least impact and since like, you know I'm big I'm a big fan of creative the most high efficient actions you can take that's gonna create the biggest Increase in performance in an account So we're gonna go from the biggest thing you can do to the smallest thing you can do to improve your Facebook ad robust So starting off with offer This is probably the biggest thing and it's because a lot of you guys are on Facebook, you know Selling Facebook ads, you know selling products or services that are just honestly pure shit I'm not gonna lie gonna be straightforward with you guys.

There's zero reasons why I should purchase from you over your competitors Okay, and a lot of you guys are like well, Nick, I know I'm just trying to make a few dollars a day Well, it's also hurting your potential your profit potential all that other stuff like that when you have a lease superior offer than your competition And yes, Timmy your little fifty dollar a day drop shipping store selling t-shirts is in direct competition with You know American Eagle Express all of these other huge I made like big multi-million dollar billion dollar corporations Okay, the minute you start running ads to do that. So it's your objective to find your Reason why people should purchase your product over everyone else And if you sell if you sell an average product you will see average results average product equals average average Results okay boom so you need to make sure you improve your offer and again offer is Everything of value you are giving someone in exchange for their money. So it might be hey buy this t-shirt With you know a refund guarantee if you you know try it on and you don't like it Send it back to us and get your money back.

That's part of your offer Maybe also on top of that will send you a free pair of socks You're increasing the bonus and stuff like that You're just giving them a really good offer and your offer is in direct competition with your competition Okay, so make yours better. Okay. There's three particular ways to make a better offer Um, there's one just offer a better product.

Okay, so for example, um apple Okay, every year apple releases a better iphone. Okay, it's very simple better iphone every single year And they you know, and it definitely doesn't get cheaper every year It gets more expensive to buy an iphone. Okay, but they focus exactly on what makes people buy better camera bigger screen More memory longer battery life and a few os tweaks It's literally the same thing over and over every year But it's what people want they found their specific magic formula that makes people continue to buy And then just keep doing this every year and people buy purchase it and they also offer it at a higher price every single year So just offer a better product in general better service delivery If you have a service based product, you know, make your service delivery superior compared to the competition Okay, a lot of people that work with us our agency because yes, I do operate a digital marketing agency I would even call it a digital marketing agency.

That's very foolish of me to say that we're a growth focused team that focus on acquiring customers Profitably for partners we choose to partner with at scale and we you know, we focus a lot on the messaging and the creative Um, and we really dig deeper on what matters to a brand on You know acquiring them a large sums of customers at a large scale and spend, you know anywhere from you know Literally five thousand dollars day on facebook ads to twenty thousand dollars plus a day on facebook ads and that sense right there So, you know, we really focus on the big needle movers in that sense of a business and You know, we have a really good service delivery and i'm telling you that based off what our clients tell us I'm not telling this based off what I think of the business i'm telling y'all exactly what Why partners choose to work with us because a lot of them say hey We talk to other agencies and no one handles it as professionally as you guys and no one has their fulfillment dial down the way You guys do so we have a very just a better service delivery than most i'm not saying we're the best There's some that are even better than us and we're working on creating even better service delivery than them Okay, second thing too is Um, so you you have better service delivery or better product the second thing is All right, cool. We cannot beat that service delivery or that product so We can at least meet the standard, you know I'm not selling an iphone 5 when everyone's selling an iphone 13. All right, but I can't beat an iphone 13 So i'm gonna sell an iphone 13 But i'm gonna offer a free case and a free thing of air pods when people purchase from me Now all of a sudden everyone wants to purchase from me because we have a better offer than anyone else We added a bonus item to our product.

That's a second order consequence to them purchasing an iphone Let me explain when I purchase a phone now The original problem I have is I needed a phone the new problem. I have is now I need a screen protector Now I need air pods and I did not have that problem until I purchased that iphone so that's a second order Consequence of me purchasing that product. So look at those things don't just hey you purchase an iphone get a Free 50 gift card to you know great american cookie what?

It does nothing for me, but if I acknowledge a you know A second order consequence and handle that then it's like oh wow This is awesome because I was gonna have to buy that product anywhere But because of you I get it for free already So these are very important things you want to look at you want to look at how can we offer a better product? Or if we can't offer a better product can we offer the same product with better value and lastly and this is the route? I don't like to go because it's gonna attract a very poor quality customer and that is can you offer a Cheaper product and yes, you can offer iphone 13 at 750 750 dollars while everyone's offering it at 1200 The problem with this is why do you not see any of these other mega stores that are?

Hey, let's let's you know offer all of our products as cheap as possible And you'll notice their employees are not as nice their employees are not really the greatest because they can't really afford to keep High paying employees on they can't really offer amazing benefits Um, so our whole company is just poor in general by offering the cheapest price So you're building your business on just Shark cutting everything or not shark cutting But you're you're building your business on cheapest prices on everything and it's just it's just not the greatest route to go Um, so I don't necessarily like a cheaper price at all. It's like my last one, but it does work I will admit it to that so I tell you guys this because this is one of you know You put a lot of thought and effort into this and you're gonna blow past your competition by just having a better offer And it's gonna drastically increase your facebook ad robust but now number two this one's a little i'm not gonna say Complicated but you know, let's just go for it. It's you know, you're aov Okay, and the reason why I say it's your aov because let's say for example people come to your store and And you know you purchase I don't know you have a twenty dollar cpa and you have a forty dollar aov Okay, cool.

That's a 2x ro ass. Okay, but if you improve your aov and you go from You know literally the only thing you change is your aov. That's it.

Nothing else changes your ads don't change your product doesn't change You're just your aov changes. Okay, so let's say you have a twenty dollar cpa with a sixty dollar aov boom that looks horrible also now you have a 3x ro ass Okay, cool. So, um easy way to Upsell stuff like that.

Like that's probably just the easiest one upsell um, let's see upsells and Bundle bundle offers. Okay, so let's say for example, um, you already have an amazing offer So you don't need to add any bonus items. So what you do is because you don't need to offer these bonus items You offer them as bonus items that can be upsold or a bundle offer.

So let me explain So let's say for example, I'll go buy an iphone. It's already the best iphone on the market So i'm going to purchase it any way any any any way the best one on the market right now You have the best offer on that particular iphone But what happens next after I purchase it? I'm gonna need air pods and i'm gonna need a screen protector.

So in my upsell I could have air pods or a screen protector Um, or yeah, I could have air pods as the upsell A bundle offer could be by the iphone and be like iphone plus screen protector plus case You know iphone alone 750 screen protector plus case $800 Okay, um, so you have just a bundle you put a few best-selling products together as one product in shopify And you offer either or um, and then upsell is basically just where someone asked a card. Oh wait here Once you check this out and it's like, you know, some air pods that's right there. Cool So aov is another really easy way to get people to purchase To spend more on your site.

Like I said, if you go from a $20 cpa to $40 aov That's a two extra s and a $20 cpa at $60 aov To three extra s and also another super super easy way to increase your aov is literally just increase price Literally yet, okay a lot of you guys haven't tested your price points Price point testing is amazing because you literally just take the same product. All right. Hey this week for three days We're gonna bump the price, you know to from $50 to $75.

Okay, and all of a sudden i've done this before I've taken a product like 45 and bumped all the way up to $80 and the $80 price point converted better than the $45 price point Um just by testing different price points because sometimes people are like, you know, like let's say for example, um, you know I don't know. There's fucking ipad right here All right one of the top top on the market right now and let's say for example, it's like $200. It's like what?

It can't be real. That's no, that's gotta be a joke Okay, i'm gonna go buy the thousand dollar one because I think it's a better proceeds value It's probably gonna last longer. It's probably have better tech It's probably gonna work better all that stuff like that when little did I know this was just the ipad that people were getting On wholesale, so I wasn't paying any other price points So just something to think about like that.

So increase price. That's a really good one and then the next stage is increase your CVR Okay, so conversion rate is made up of a few things. Um, you have your at the cart percentage you have your reached checkout Percentage and then you have your purchase Percentage, okay, so at the cart percentage we like to see 10 percent Reach checkout percent.

Uh, we like to see about five percent and then purchase percentage. Uh, we usually like to see about two and a half percent Okay, this is why give or take Uh, that will give or take Um, but the reason why I want to give you guys these numbers because a lot of people are like, yeah If your cvr is, uh, you know two to three percent that is good Okay, problem with that is There's no context to this because your cvr is composed of three different things Your at cart your reached checkout percent your purchase percentage, okay, and we've came to stores Um, or a good thing We like to see is that 50 of people who add to cart reach checkout and 50 of people who reach checkout Purchase, okay, so if you're not seeing this, that's an issue So, let's say for example, you have 10 of people that adds cart, but only two point, you know 2 percent reach checkout and then one percent purchase Well, this is good But this right here is an issue so you have to figure out Why you're 80 percent, you know, a lot of big people or percentage people are dropping off We know we want 50 of people to convert but we're seeing you know only 20 okay So why and you need to do the map and you need to figure out and also the second thing is you need to look at cvr on like a 30 day to 90 day Window, don't be looking at cvr on a daily basis Look at it like the last seven days at least But try to go for like a 30 day window to really get a good measurement of cvr and that's in right there And if you're seeing all of this all of this looks good all everything, okay, cool Then move on to the next thing, but again, there's different reasons why people um, you know Don't like a lot of there's a bit different reasons why people add cart and drop off from checkout And there's a lot of people go from checkout to purchase and drop off That's a whole nother video in that sense right there number four reason though is your messaging plus Creative, okay, so messaging plus creative, um, it's basically the ads you're creating in that sense right there and there's different reasons why you know, just you're not hitting on strong enough ads and that sense right there and likelihood because the the problem with this is that you have the Put it from this perspective right here wrong desire wrong persona. Let's see.

Let's look at some other ones wrong Market awareness and then wrong market Sophistication, okay, so these are four reasons why your messaging are creative Might be lacking so if you have everything up here all of this is good You have the best offer on the market and it's proven it works. Well, you have an amazing aov looks good You know, you can't push it anymore your cvr looks good, but you're still not seeing the rush you want then it comes down to Messaging and creative and these are four things to look through right here. All right desires like the motivation of why people purchase your product Why are people motivated to purchase your product?

What is their desire? Okay, persona might be just something you know, you're not really speaking to your persona You're targeting in an efficient way and then market awareness is basically where do you pick up the conversation? I have videos on market awareness and mark sophistication on my channel If you if you go on my channel look up like the five stages of market awareness I have a video on this and then market sophistication is I've just uploaded a video like how to position your product or service for success But facebook ads I have a video mark sophistication as well, but these are all vitally important For positioning your product and positioning your ads for success with facebook ads So let's say nick.

Hey, I have all of this done to I you know Proven ads they're working really well and you wanted to squeeze the last bit of juice out of everything that is where your ad account Comes in play. All right. A lot of people jump to this first.

They have a shitty shitty offer Their website shit their aov is horrendous The messaging creative is horrible and then they're like well nick at perfect everything I just don't know how to structure my ad account. I'm like yo, it's not your ad account You got all the problems in your business You need to work on because you know this ain't gonna work at all at scale You've got to fix this shit So I think for ad account though the biggest problems I'm seeing is people are day trading the ad account They're just in the account every day making like literally all day They have a you know fucking 24 hour window a day eight hours. You're sleeping an hour two hours.

You're eating the other You know 14 hours in a day. You're freaking in the ad account day trading. Okay guys.

I spend 15,000 a day on just one ad account you can watch my video How I spent two million dollars on Facebook ads profitably We're in six months to spend two million dollars on Facebook ads and I'm literally in the ad account every day Ten five to ten minutes. Okay, that's it. We're just up run 15k a day on autopilot.

It's no big deal We keep a very simple ad accounts. I have a full series Seven videos on how I structure my account how I do everything So you guys go watch that it's very easy to do Secondly, I just watched I just released the video how I how to build an ad account out from scratch or how to build a Facebook ads campaign from scratch and Same exact thing. I literally take you from ground up of how I structure an ad account, but day trading many many many many campaigns you have in that account and then Lastly, you know might be some weird shit.

Like, you know, you're Optimizing for like at the cart or something like that. Okay, so that's awesome stuff. We see look your ad account You need two campaigns you need a testing campaign Targeting broad Where you just keep testing new ads, you know messaging and creative and then you have a prospecting campaign Where you think everything that you won, you know, that's converting well with at least five to ten purchases in your testing campaign You move it to your prospecting campaign you put, you know one ad set broad One campaign and then you put all of your winning ads and that one ad set as you find more in that testing campaign Over time as time goes on you keep building that campaign up and you keep pushing Smith.

It's very simple Okay, ad account very simple and then look if you have this right to as well You should have a seven to eight figure business If you're still not seeing the row as you want then you really need to look back at your offer There's something much more in terms of market size, you know, for example, you know You might be selling to a very very small market and you're you're at a cap now Or you're spending five to ten thousand a day again. It's not you're not gonna really hit market caps So you start spending five ten fifteen twenty thousand dollars a day with Facebook ads and you may or may not start hitting a market cap Okay, but just you look at your total market size It's really important and you know who's actually buying stuff like that because I could play a big effect into it as well So yeah guys, thank you so much for watching this video If you enjoyed make sure the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday Friday If you are a business owner doing at least fifty to a hundred thousand dollars per month in revenue Like top on a call with me my team Where we'll walk you through a you know kind of a strategy for your business to help grow your business quickly blow book call me my team I'll be on that call with you and we'll go through everything and you know from there You can take that run with it or you have the options work those if you choose I don't have anything to tell you guys like literally you can work with my agency if you choose Other than that, I give you guys all the free value on this YouTube channel to help you guys grow your business To eventually one day be able to have the revenue to work with me. So again, thank you guys so much for watching My name is Nick Theriot.

Talk to you guys later. Peace out