What is going on guys? Welcome back to the channel. Nick Terrio here and today I want to bring you guys a new video showing you guys how to increase average order value.

This is extremely important because it's a few simple things you can do that will increase your ROAS if you can increase your average order value and a few little things you can do that might add a few extra thousand dollars a month in profit to your business. So the first tip is using an app inside Shopify that allows you to bundle products together and save. So usually this is right below there like add to cart button when someone's looking at one of your products and I'll say like bundle all three together and save like 10% off.

So you're basically getting them to purchase more and giving them a discount for purchasing more. So you're giving them an incentive to purchase more and you're on the returning side going to have a higher average order value for that particular customer. Now number two is Zipify one click upsell.

This is a great way especially with Shopify. So once one completes their checkout they're getting that one click upsell basically tool. So that way it's like they complete their whole order and then all of a sudden boom another thing pops up.

Add these three things to your order or maybe add one of these things to your order. All they have to do is click on it and it adds it and it charges them. They don't have to re-enter in their billing info which essentially makes it really hard to pass up on for them.

Tip number three is offering people free shipping for spending a certain amount of money. This is very common where you spend like 50 bucks or 100 bucks and you get free shipping. So again it encourages people to spend more so that way when they get to checkout they get the free shipping.

So they want to spend $30 on a dress or $30 on an extra supplement then pay 12 to $15 on shipping. So in their minds the better return on their money and they're more inclined to spend more. Tip number four.

Now number four is product recommendations. This is really common alongside of a lot of websites now but essentially when people scroll down their website it's not the add all three and save it's product recommendations. So it's you know multiple different products that are similar to that specific product or let's say if you're a clothing brand they're looking at shirts.

Let's further down the line let's offer like different pants and different other accessories that matches that shirt. So product recommendations work really well because usually in people especially for e-com stores that have a bunch of products product recommendations work well because you can kind of like cross sell and upsell people on other products as well. Now lastly number five this will be the easiest one that all of you guys can do right after this video and be super simple and that is essentially just raising your prices uh over time just bump it up by a few dollars you know maybe once a month bump it up by a dollar maybe once a month bump it up by five dollars uh just every now then bump it up a little bit don't do like from your current price now and like you know don't do like a huge increase maybe like a 10 increase here and there um but don't do like a 50 increase overnight because that's going to destroy your facebook ad results if you know they're accustomed to going after people to purchase a 50 shirt and all of a sudden you 50 increase and now they have to come and purchase a 75 shirt that's going to be um you know too much of a change but just little increments here and there you know maybe once a month bump up all your prices by 10 percent then you can also make a sell out of it so you can run a retargeting ad before you bump it up like hey last seven days before we bump up our prices again so purchase now i hope all you guys enjoyed this video this is a few effective ways to increase your average order value inside of your online store if you are an e-commerce business owner and you are currently making between ten thousand to a hundred thousand dollars a month in revenue and would love to work with me and my team uh you know help you with your facebook ads and your marketing side for the business and scaling your store uh book a free ad account consultation below and if you enjoy this video make sure you hit that like button and if you're new to the channel make sure you that subscribe button i post facebook ad videos marketing psychology videos and pretty much everything around around that so thank you guys so much for watching nick is out peace