Today, I'll be giving you five winning Facebook video ad formulas to steal with some examples that you guys can apply to your ad accounts. What's going on guys? Welcome back to the channel.

My name is Nick Terrio and if you don't know who I am, I run an e-com growth agency. I make all these videos completely for free and fully transparent to you guys to help you scale and grow your store to a point where you would like to work with us in our agency. We manage anywhere from 750k to over a million dollars a month in Facebook ad spend for our clients.

So if you're interested in what we do, click the link below to look for a free strategy call with me and my team and we'll hop on a call together, give you a strategy session. You can take it and run with it or you have the option to work with us if you think you're a good fit for the agency. Now, before we get started, make sure to like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos Monday, Wednesday, and Friday and let's dive into the video.

So actually I lie, it's not going to be five ads. It's going to be four ads, but the fifth one that I'll be giving you guys is actually about four different toppings you can put on top of your ad and I'm going to explain that in a second. But the first video I want to show you guys is called the demo video.

And I got this idea with this kind of recipe video book first, just from watching some of social Savannah's content. So I want to give full transparency, give her a little bit of credit for this idea. I actually use about three different videos she has created to actually use as examples for me and my team.

But the first recipe I want to give you guys is the demo video. Now, what does this look like? Well, first off, it starts off with a hook, really strong hook.

This is visually and text-based. We have a demo, which you're showing off the product and use and that perspective right there, showing off a key feature of it, key benefit of it, a testimonial and a call to action. Obviously right here we have hook, capture user attention, demo, introduce product and show it off an action feature, show off specific features of product that has benefits and then benefit, main benefit people experience from it and introduce product or just, let me just put this like that.

And then test, which is just show off testimonials or awards. You're basically just building the social proof aspect right there and then call to action. Okay.

And I'm going to show you an example as well of what this looks like. So here you go. And again, credit to social Savannah.

This is one of her ads. She releases a lot of her creatives on Twitter. So if you go find her on Twitter, she has a lot of videos and stuff like that, that she puts up right there.

So let me just kind of scroll this back in so we can see hook right here. And I know what this app product, the demo is basically just showing off the products, you know, being poured in a glass right there. And then it also talks about a few different features of it right there.

Helps boost amenity. Let's go back right here. Antioxidant and flavor pact.

So few of the features of it and then few of the benefits, pro it's good health, fight some inflammation, things like that. And then here is the testimonial side with a call to action at the end. So very simple ad and, you know, really cool one to articulate right there.

Now, number two is benefits. So obviously we're going to start off with our hook again, visually and text-based benefits. What is the main benefits of the product feature?

What is the main feature of it? Demo the product testimonial call to action. So let's go ahead and see an example.

And this is also a cool example right here because, um, it's, it's a longer hook. A hook doesn't need to just be one scene. So you can see right here, boom, kind of introducing product a little bit as well.

And then there we go. And now we're starting to talk about the, let's see, what is it benefits boom. And some of the features and stuff like that, that you can use it for showing the product in use and even a call to action at the end.

So not the strongest example of that in use, but just to get some general ideas from there of what it looks like. Now, another thing you guys might be wondering is Nick, how do I apply these? So what's cool about this is that we, we're a big fan of restrict restrictions, create creativity.

So for us, if we limit ourselves to these four types of videos for an account that we can create, then what happens is, is that it get, it forces us to think about each video like this, and it forces us to get more creative on the hooks, really hone in on things that really move the needle inside of the creative side. So by having less, we can have a little bit more direction in our creativity and have a lot more, a lot more thoughts and stuff like that that come out of it. So problem, this is recipe video number three, where we focus on the problem solution and showing off the product benefits, testimony, all caught action.

So this is a really good for like a problem where audience is aware of their problem, but no clue what the solution is. And here you go. So again, let's show you guys a good example of this.

Okay, cool. So solid hook right here. Problem talking on about the problem.

All right. Introducing the solution. Obviously some benefits right here and some features And that's pretty much it.

And for her testimonials, she don't have a strong testimonial on it. You know, just kind of showing off her using it and that like, that could be the testimony right there, you know, showing off the final ending of it right here, just proof and stuff like that. And then a call to action at the end.

So there we go. All right, cool. Next one is three reasons why.

And this is basically where, you know, it's not, it doesn't follow your standard, like hook problem, things like that. But it's a very common one. We've been seeing a long time now work really well for us.

And basically it's just hook. And then you're going to say reason one, reason two, reason three. And basically you give more or less than three.

I prefer three. I think three reasons why it's just the best, but you know, I've never seen four reasons why I work. I've never seen two reasons why I work.

So, but yeah, so let's just go ahead and show you guys the video looks like. And there you go. And obviously it's just, it's very straightforward.

Cool. And that's pretty much it. So again, I want to give shout out to social Savannah.

Um, just cause I said, we've got a lot of creative inspiration for looking at a lot of her ads for a lot of our clients for the agency. Um, so this one, again, give a quick shout out to her as a lot of these examples we use is her content. So I just want to make sure you give you guys are fully aware of that.

I'm not trying to take credit for anyone else's, you know, work in that perspective right there. Now, again, I promised you guys five. So, um, I actually have like four main videos.

I'm gonna show you guys, but I have four other little things I want to show you guys that you can use on top of those videos. So this was like the main recipe, the core foundation of a video. Now the next thing we like to look at is the spices.

Okay. Now again, some people like a little salty foods and people like a little spicy food. So I want to show y'all the spices.

So a spice is something we can apply. So one of these four main videos. So spice right here is a testimonial mashup.

So you can basically take any one of these, you know, say three reasons why, or you can have a different girl for each reason that talks about the product to show off the core premise of why a mashup works. Well, is that it shows the proof that a lot of people love in this product. Same thing with problem.

You can have a multiple different girls talk on the problem solution benefit, testimonial call to action, and then same thing for these others right here. So pro testimonial mashup, use a variety of people to tell the overall story for the video. So that's that's spice number one.

Now spice number two is a founder. So a lot of people like to use this where they have the founder tell the story. All right.

And this actually works really good with a problem recipe right here of, Hey, I'm the founder of so-and-so and I've dealt with X problem for so long. That's why I developed this solution, show off the product or whatever it is. And the BIME benefit testimonial call to action.

And so you're kind of telling and addressing the problem they've overcame with this particular solution. And you're telling it from a founder perspective of why they kind of created the brand and that side. And I love this style of, you know, kind of spice ads, that main video.

And it's worked really well. Next one is storytelling. So this is like your standard testimonial.

I've seen so many people who have like testimonials, but they suck. And because what makes a really good testimonial is telling people about the problem they're dealing with and the solution they found and how amazing that solution is. So this works really well with a problem.

Again, type of video where they're talking about the problem. Then they found this brand as the solution. Similar to how that was shown in this video right here.

Demoing the product benefit testimony call to action. And yeah, works really good. Last one is trying the product.

Everyone's been talking about. This is more of just a hook to apply at the beginning. And I've seen this work really well too, especially on TikTok right here, where it's like trying this product that was viral on TikTok or trying the X product that everyone's been talking about.

This would be a good one for a demo product right here, because you can go immediately go into demoing and showing off the product, maybe even them using it and things like that. So, but yeah, so again, four main videos and like, we can just count these four spices as like the fifth video that I give you guys. But yeah, I really hope this helps you guys.

Again, you know, we are big fans of restrictions, create creativity. So if you just try one of these, we might try a hundred different variations as one video right here to see if it works on an account. And you want to look at each part of these as a different like Legos in that perspective right there, where, you know, you can swap out the hook on this video and create this one video 10 times, all with a different hook.

Okay. And again, the hook is visually and textual based. So you could try three different visuals in the beginning with the same text and three different, you know, text for the same visuals.

And that's six different ads right there. You can create. So just give you guys a few different resources, how you create this.

And again, thank you guys for getting us 70 likes on our, you know, first round. We did this where it was like 15 plus winning Facebook ads, image ads to create. So you're more than welcome to go and grab that video right there.

We're at 15 different types of image ads you can create from there. So thank you again for watching this video. If you're an econ business owner and you don't at least 50 K to a hundred K a month in revenue, I'll have to work with a leading agency that works with Facebook ads and everything.

And click link below to book off me and my team manage roughly 750 K to a million dollars a month and ads, and then we absolutely crush it for our clients. So quickly below book free strategy call with us. We'll show you a few things that you can apply to your business, help grow it.

You can take it and run with it, or you have the option to work with us. If we think you're a good fit for the agency. Thank you guys again for watching this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

My name is Nick Theriot. Talk to you guys later. Peace.