When we're scaling clients to a million dollars a month, like we did in a few of these examples here, one of the biggest things we have is there's six types of retargeting ads we like to run on Facebook. Now, we actually don't set up a dedicated retargeting campaign. We just put these targeting broad and we put these inside of the same CBO evergreen campaign we're already running and everything I already teach on this YouTube channel.

But today we're going to be going more into the six types of content we like to create for that retargeting audience specifically. So let's just dive into this. First things first is for retargeting.

We really want to be looking at that product aware stage of market awareness. And if you look at the channel, my YouTube channel, I have a video on market awareness going into all this, but retargeting sits in product aware. Product aware means that they're seeing your product, they've seen your ads, they're just not sold yet on your brand.

So there's six types of content we need to strategically make to be able to capture that audience right there. So the first one is customer testimonials. And I'm actually going to scroll up and I'm actually going to leverage the YouTube video I literally just uploaded maybe a day or two ago about how to create Facebook ads that scale in 2025, where I literally spent 30, 45 minutes talking about how to write ads for like this particular product here.

Now we're actually going to do this more specifically, the type of retargeting ads that will run for this product itself. So for customer testimonials, we want to literally just be straight up with it. I'd literally be going look at like some of the reviews and stuff like that.

And you know, you may already have some content that your customer already delivered to you. And in terms of like, you know, you see that organic style content that people might create, they might film a quick reel for you. And then like post on Instagram and you know, like that type of content right there.

But also too, you might have just a ton of text reviews. And you could do like a photo ad, a photo ad where showing the review. We've seen a lot of those before already now, where like you'll literally just go ahead and like maybe like screenshot like this little part right here.

My skin always freaks out on the fog, it's super dry. So I decided to hop on this spiral trend and bought these masks and y'all the hype is real. So like boom, like that alone right there could be a photo ad itself.

So let's just do paste. Boom. And then we could do like a photo ad right here with this particular review.

And then when, you know, showing the product, showing the product next to it. So like that's an example or we could do a video ad where video ad where the girl is sitting. I would say probably like maybe in her bathroom in front of the mirror and saying the review above.

So that's also like another example right here that technically could leverage. So like that's an example right there. And then we can go and pull a few different customer testimonials.

The key thing I really want to hit on here is that with customer testimonials, you don't want the very vague testimonials. Hey, this is a great product. Hey, it shipped really fast.

Like you really want to talk about in those testimonials, the transformation. So like another example is like my agency, for example, where we run ads for our clients and stuff. Like I don't want a client sending a testimonial.

Hey, great service. I rather it's a client sent us a testimonial of basically saying like, Hey, we were stuck at like a thousand dollars today in ad spend. And then Nick and his team came in and now could spend 10k a day profitably.

So we're really focusing on that transformation and customer testimonial. You know, this one right here talking about how it's super dry. And then now they tried this one.

They tried like, you know, this product and basically just said this, this hack is real. So I'd probably add a little, maybe a little bit of context right there as well, regarding it like delivering some type of result right there. So that's customer testimonials.

Next one is we want to look at prove product superiority over competitors. So let's say for example, you know, there's other versions of these masks on the market. And I didn't really get to do a ton of research with this product to be able to like understand like all of the pros and cons of this particular mask right here.

But, you know, an easy one are like the common ones that we typically see is like maybe price, maybe product quality, maybe speed of use and stuff like that. So like, let's just say, for example, all of the other mask you have to leave on for like an hour or like overnight. This one, you literally have to leave on for like 60 minutes.

So like that could be a great example right there. So we do a photo ad showing the competitor product on the left and then our product on the right. Text above our product only need to wear one hour.

Boom. Text above competitors products have to wear all night while sleeping. So like that's a great example right there.

And again, I don't know if that's true or not. I'm just kind of thinking of an idea without like having to like know a ton of research and stuff like that. So like just think about it right there.

Like imagine if you had to wear this face mask and all the competitors you literally had to wear all night, all eight, 10 hours at night. Whereas hours, you literally just have to wear it an hour before you go to bed and you wake up with glowing skin. So one of them, you're waking, you're sleeping all night in bed with this thing on your face that could be interrupting your sleep.

It could be uncomfortable, things like that. Whereas hours, you sit in bed for an hour with it and then you take it off and then you go to sleep without the uncomfortableness right there. So we're just showing superiority right there.

And you might have a couple different levels of superiority. You may have literally just more testimonials, more social proof, more things like that. Like maybe you're the only one that's accredited by the FDA or something like that.

So you can flex those different things of what makes you better than competitors. Now, keep in mind here, when you're doing these types of things, you do not want to call out the competitor's name. So like if you've ever seen like the Red Bull example, where it's like people did like us versus them with Red Bull and they like taped up the can to where you couldn't see the Red Bull logo.

But they just left enough room at the top to where you could see the colors of the Red Bull can. So you knew it was a Red Bull, but you couldn't see the logo because you do open yourself off to possible like literally like legal action right there. If you say anything that's untrue.

So that's also another key thing. If you're going to show things superiority over competitors, you really want to hit on things like facts and stuff like that. So maybe all like maybe if you were selling like an iPhone, for example, our phone, all the other competitors had 60 gigabytes of memory in their phone.

Your phone has 120 gigabytes. That's a fact right there. Whereas like you say, hey, all of, you know, people that use our competitors' phones hate their phone and people love ours.

That's a complete emotional thing with no facts. So stay away from the emotional side here and actually focus on the facts here. This can actually be really good to distinguish like, hey, like we're not telling you just things based off what we believe.

Like this is literally a fact here. They have 160 gigabytes of memory. We have 60.

Your competitors have to wear their face mask all eight hours at night. Hours, you literally have to wear an hour before bed. Very big difference there.

Now, next thing is address customer objections. So, you know, one thing could be just objection to this is. So you do have to leave this on overnight.

So a possible objection to this could be that must be uncomfortable all night while sleeping. That could be an objection right there. So what could we do here?

Video ad. I love for objections and customer questions. I love using the TikTok reply or TikTok reply comment.

Like little ad style. Put the objection as the comment and then have a girl talking to camera saying she thought the same too. But, you know, hey, I thought the same too.

I thought this was going to be uncomfortable and I couldn't sleep. But after giving it a try, I honestly do not even notice it on my face while I sleep. Boom.

I've also got better sleep now knowing I'll be waking up with glowing skin in the morning. Boom. Boom.

So there we go. Easy one right there for answering customer objections. And you can have like four or five of these videos.

Now, for customer objections, where do I find these? This is where I find these things more specifically in the Facebook comments. So if I go look at the comments on my ads, that's where I like to find a lot of the objections right there.

Even just like literally objections for people like messaging your support inbox. Hey, like, you know, I'm thinking about purchasing this product, but, you know, I don't know if it'll work for me for this reason. Like these are all great places to find objections.

Now, the next one is customer questions. So these are going to be questions people have about your product before that, you know, before they can purchase. Before they feel like, okay, hey, I know enough information, you know, let me purchase.

Now, I'm just going to kind of cheat here for this product. Usually Amazon will kind of give a few questions. So, for example, this product, Amazon already has a couple of questions that people have asked over and over.

So does it cause irritation or breakouts? How long is it until results are visible? So those are two really good questions.

So does it cause irritation or breakouts? And again, you'll see these in your Facebook ad comments. So I'll be doing the same thing for this one.

I'll be doing like a TikTok reply style. I'm just going to kind of keep this all the same. TikTok reply, ad comments.

I'll put the questions as the, this should be comment with objection as the comment. And then have a girl talking to the camera. And you can literally say the same thing too.

Like I thought the same too. Or I was worried about irritation or I was worried about break. Or hold up.

I got a good idea. As someone with sensitive skin, I was worried about breakouts as well. Me personally, I took Accutane when I was two, I think I was 15 or 16 years old.

I took Accutane, which is like a really hardcore drug for like acne and stuff. So like even me to this day, I'm always very worried about like what I put on my face. Like I will literally like personally rather not wear sunblock in certain locations.

Just because I don't know the sunblock that it's given to me at that moment. And I'd rather not put on my face because I like I have super sensitive skin and break out really easily. So like that for me is like even a good question or objection to a product before I even use it.

So as someone with sensitive skin, I was worried about breakouts as well. You know, here's why you shouldn't worry. And maybe I could call out like it doesn't have X ingredient that is common for breakouts.

And then, you know, so on. There we go. So answer customer questions.

This might be another two or three ads. So you have like you literally have like probably like 10 ads from this exercise right here. And these are all really good things.

Now, a couple other things we just want to look at is keep painting the picture of where the customer will be once they take action. So this is just like what is on the other side of fear here. So the fear of getting, you know, a product that sucks, a fear of like, oh, fuck, you know, I spent all this money on this product and it doesn't work.

What what will you achieve with this? And it's just like keep hitting on the fact that it's like, you know, with this product, you'll wake up with glowing skin. And this could be like a simple image ad showing a girl in bed with glowing skin phone.

And like these are just like quick little like one liner image ads right here. Very easy to make very static graphics types of things like that. Nothing, nothing too, too crazy here.

And then same thing. This is like this ad is pretty simple. But like, for example, another key thing is like showing the product in action, getting results.

So like I don't really have an example for this particular product, but a really great product is Flex Tape. Flex Tape will continue to like break things and fix it with Flex Tape just to keep reiterating the fact that like, hey, our product works extremely well. So that's another one.

So, yeah, so you can do anywhere between basically like two to four ads, two to five ads for each one of these testimonials, superiority, objections, questions, all of these. And then what you can do is, like I said, this will be a ton of content. You can go out there and film.

You can use things like instance.pro, send over that ad script for them to film for the creator, get that content back. And then you can load it up in the ad account. I've already done tons of videos of like ad account structure, how to run the Facebook ads, all that good stuff.

So I'm going to dive into that super deeply here. Those are all good things that I'd be looking at for setting up these retargeting ads. Again, I don't do a retargeting campaign dedicated.

I don't use retargeting audiences. I still do broad targeting. I still load this in my single CBO evergreen campaign with everything else because I, at the end of the day, believe that the content creates the audience.

And this particular content right here will create that audience of people that's already been to the website and hit those key things right there. So hopefully this helps you guys out. Hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. If you want me to come in, help you do all the research, create all your ads and scale your ads with multiple brands. Now, scale to seven figures some up.

Love to help you become the next one. Click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads. And if you'd rather me actually work with you to help you improve your ads, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you.

Thank you all so much for watching. Y'all have a good rest of y'all day. Peace out.