Today we'll be going over six Facebook ad settings you must change before you launch your next Facebook ad if you want to maximize the number of conversions you get from Facebook. So let's start off first off with going over and creating a new campaign and we'll be focusing on a sales campaign today. And what you want to do is you want to use a manual sales campaign.

Now, the reason why I want to use a manual sales campaign and not an ASC campaign, that's because two things. Number one, we don't want to use an ASC audience, an Advantage Plus audience. And number two, we want to be able to create new ad sets in the manual sales campaign, whereas a regular ASC campaign does not allow you to create multiple ad sets.

So that's the first reason. Next thing is you want to turn on Advantage Campaign Budget and you put whatever budget you want. I always like to do about $100 a day and that's where I like to start off my campaigns.

Then we click on next. Now, next thing we want to change is we want to make sure that we are optimizing for purchases. There's still some people out there that believe that you need to optimize for add to cart or optimize review content and get a certain number of conversions first.

But for us, we always start off with purchases, even if it's a brand new account, no data, no nothing, brand new. And that's because people are segmented into different buckets of what they're most likely to do, like the actual Facebook customers. So if you select purchases from the beginning, you're going to get access to a much higher quality audience than if you would do view content or if you do add to cart.

Now, next thing you want to do is scroll all the way down and you want to turn off basically the Advantage Plus audience. You're going to click on it and switch to original audience options and you want to click on use original audience. What we find with Advantage Plus audience is we'll get a amazing start, but it quickly dies out after three, four days.

And we can see this consistently over and over with ASC campaigns, Advantage Plus campaigns, Advantage Plus audiences, because it's more prioritizing middle funnel, bottom funnel content instead of, you know, more top of funnel. And I've seen a significantly better stability in a long period of time using a real general audience. And no, we don't just use ASC for a little bit to get started and then go to original audience.

We just do original audience from the beginning because we're always looking at long term here. We're running ads. Now, next thing you want to do is add an exclusion and you want to exclude at least the purchase 30 days.

And then from here, that's pretty much it for this. I do like to do Advantage Plus placements. I think Advantage Plus placements is perfectly fine to leverage.

And then here, you just want to go and select your page. And then inside of here, you know, regardless of how you set this up, I'm not really concerned about that. The big thing that you're going to want to do is you're going to want to turn off and you guys to see here, let me add in my website.

And then let's go actually in upload our stuff. So here's your, you know, basically your primary text, just call this body copy. Obviously, you want to load in actual real stuff.

I'm just putting this as an example real quick for here. Boom, I rarely ever do descriptions, just FYI. And then here, I'll load in my image, just going to load in this one.

And then here's the last setting that you're going to want to change is you want to turn off all optimizations. You can see right here, it's already done for me. But this is really critical right here, because what will happen is one will create more versions, I would say, than what we're already testing, because we like to do the three to two, which is three creatives, two body copies, two headlines.

And it's just going to create more versions that I just don't want to create. Second thing is that if you're uploading like an image ad, for example, what it'll do is it's going to put music behind it. And there's been a lot of times where like, we're talking about a really sensitive, serious matter to creative, and Facebook put like, happy birthday music on that image ad right there.

So that's also another thing that I'm just like, I don't want, I've had to deal with that multiple times with clients already. And that's just something I do not want to deal with. So between multiple versions that it creates outside of like the enhancements that we want, and it looks like there's still some on here show more enhancements.

There we go. Boom. And there we go.

Save. So that's everything you want to do. And these are the six settings that you must change on Facebook before you launch your next ad.

If you want to maximize the number of conversions you get. Thank you guys so much for watching. Hit the like button.

Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. If you're interested in me running your Facebook ads, we specifically work with brands doing $100,000 a month or more, and we help brands scale to multiple seven figures a month. We've got four brands now to scale to seven figures a month, and we'd love to help you become the next one.

Click the link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads. And if you want one-on-one mentoring with me, and you're doing less than a hundred thousand dollars a month, then click the link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you, where I can help you scale up your business through mentoring to get to that point eventually where one day you can work with us and come on board as a client. So thank you guys so much for watching.

Hope you have a good rest of the holiday. Peace out.