Six Shopify apps you need in 2023. What's going on, guys? Welcome back to the channel.

My name is Nick Theriault, and today I have an exciting new video for you guys. We'll be going over six different apps that you can leverage for your Shopify store to hopefully make you more money. Now, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I've done over $60 million in online revenue for my clients with Facebook ads and dominantly Shopify stores specifically.

So I've put together six apps that I don't see other people talking about, so I could try to be very different with the types of apps I show you guys today, not the common apps that you typically see people talking about. Also, coach and mentor students as well and run a Facebook advertising agency, so click the links below if you want me to run your ads or for us to coach and mentor you. Now, before we get started, hit the like button and hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

Let's get started. So six Shopify apps you need in 2023. Number one is TripleWell.

Now, it's not necessarily specifically a Shopify app, but I love TripleWell because one, of the attribution, but two, for all of the numbers it shows you between your lifetime value, your different cohorts, being able to sync cost of goods, shipping, your revenue, there's a lot of different data points that I think is significantly better than like Lifetimely or Profitly or a few other like apps that Shopify has. I find TripleWell has truly been a game changer for that. And then there's also two like other things like the Creative Cockpit.

And I want to say even another tool that just, honestly, I just don't even know. I haven't used it yet. But between attribution for Facebook ads, syncing all of our different platforms together that we're advertising on, even email, and being able to see all the different numbers that Shopify does not show us.

TripleWell has been easily a go-to every time we set up a Shopify store or working with a client. In fact, we don't even take on clients who are not on TripleWell. We make sure that they're getting on it as step number one, you know, when signing on with us.

So that is TripleWell. Now, the next one is UFE cross-sell and upsell bundle. This tool is really helpful for the frequently bought together.

If you've been on websites where they have the frequently bought together and they showcase a variety of different products, that's really helpful for that, as well as post-purchase upsells. Now, we do have another app we've shown you guys for add-to-cart upsells, where when you add-to-cart, it shows you in the cart itself and then like showing you like, you know, specific cutoff for like free shipping. But specifically, this is great for post-purchase upsells and like checkout upsells and also to the frequently bought together that you see on certain websites.

Now, the next one is bold subscriptions. If you're running a store where you have a subscription, so let's say, for example, if I'm selling like pre-workout or, you know, if I'm selling Altoids, for example, well, this is something right here that maybe every 30 days, I'm gonna need to purchase another version or another container. So instead of me having to go to your website and keep purchasing it, I can set up a bold subscription to where it auto-ships this to my customers and automatically charges their card.

This is insanely valuable if you own any type of consumable, even like cleaning products is another really good one. Anything, any type of supplements, food, things like that, or anything that people have to keep repurchasing because they like stop, like not necessarily stop using it, but they finish a particular canister or something like that. Anything like that, definitely set up a bold subscription.

It's gonna increase your LTV, your lifetime value with your brand, and it's gonna make you more money in the backend. Bold subscription, highly recommend it. Next one is back in stock restock alerts.

This is really cool because what happens is when a product is out of stock, instead of the add to cart button, it'll say notify when available. Now, you can already go into like Klaviyo, for example, and send out an SMS blast or an email blast to your whole entire list when something restocks, but this can give you a very more specific audience of people who want that specific product and have been signed up for the notify when available. This is why sometimes even a product's out of stock will still run ads to that page to continue to build up this list to where we have more people to notify when the product becomes in stock.

But that's back in stock restock alerts. Now, the next one is Jim Pages, which is a landing page builder for Shopify. This app is just amazing.

I love this app when it comes down to being able to build landing pages specifically for Shopify to, you know, for whatever reason, maybe you need to, you have a new product dropping, you want to build a page to collect emails. Maybe you want to build a new product page. Maybe you want to build an advertorial, for example.

These are things that the Jim Pages landing page builder, you can leverage to be able to build these. And this is an absolute powerful tool for building better quality pages and higher converting pages. And lastly, number six is slide cart and cart upsell.

Again, this is going to be more specifically to when you press add to cart and that little cart drawer slides out. This is where we'll add in the recommend it for you. And then we'll also add in like a checkout right there.

Hey, you know, you're $5 away from shipping. Here's some other products right here for you to leverage. So this is slide cart and cart upsell, another really powerful tool.

Now, guys, I really hope you all enjoyed this video. That was pretty short, straight to the point. Again, all of these apps are available in the App Store and Shopify.

And again, these aren't maybe the best apps. I'm just saying these are apps that out of working with all of our clients, we're commonly being used and they've consistently delivered as best, better results. If you have better recommendations than any of these apps, like, hey, Nick, I've tried slide cart and cart upsell.

And for whatever reason, it didn't work. And, you know, you should check this out. More than happy, drop them in the comments below.

Again, not saying these are the only apps that exist out there in Shopify. Just simply saying, hey, this is what we use. This is what's worked for us.

This is what we recommend. If you have something better, drop it below in the comments. More than welcome, I'll check it out.

So make sure to like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Hope you guys found this video valuable.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.