All right, so we already did the age-old questions of CBO or ABO, and I'm just going to answer this one too because I'm feeling nice today and I want a quick short video to put up for you guys. We're going to answer the questions of 7-day click, 1-day view, or 1-day click. Which attribution setting, I think it is, we use?

What attribution window we use? Yeah, I don't even know why I want to open this up, but I'm going to do it just for you guys. So before we get started, if you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, well, my name is Nick Terrio.

I run an advertising agency, also coach and mentor students, and both of those links can be found below if you want to work with us on the Facebook ad side or work with us in terms of me coaching and mentoring you. I've done over $80 million in online revenue with Facebook ads and, you know, I'd love to help you out, help me make some more money. So before we get started, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and let's dive into the video.

So long story short, we use seven day click one day view, which is like the default setting from Facebook. And yeah, thanks for watching the video. See you guys later.

No, I mean, look, quite frankly, like that's it. That's all you need to know. Like I don't even understand why this video needs to go longer than like four minutes.

Yeah, it's gonna be a short video, you know, but fill this up with a lot of content just to like try to reach 10 minutes just to try to make more money from monetization on YouTube. But like, quite frankly, the YouTube monetization, like I don't, that money does nothing for me. You know, that's not why I do this YouTube.

So look, seven day click one day view is what we use as a default. We've used a lot of one day click as well. And, you know, maybe I'm just not spending enough money on a daily basis.

I'm not spending $100,000 a day. I have spent $100,000 a day though. I have done that.

But I've also have consistently spent four and a half million dollars over a year, which comes out to like just under 15K a day in ad spend and with a $35 CPA. So, you know, that's 50 times. What is 50 times 35?

50 times 35. So that's 50 events times 35. It comes out to about $1,750 to reach our 50 events.

Now, key thing here you need to understand here is that if you use seven day click one day view, you need to get 50 events per ad set over a seven day window to, you know, hit that active state, which again, I don't even care about. I don't care about learning limits or anything like that. Whereas one day click, you have to get 50 events a day, not over a week, a day.

So that's one thing that changes. If you do one day click one day view or seven day click one day view. Again, we use seven day click one day view.

So, um, yeah, we were spending like $10,000 a day, $35, $35 CPA. And we found it worked well. Like we hitting everything, we hitting all of our metrics and stuff like that.

But we had like a $40 CPA, like at the end of the year average. And this year we switched to, you know, specifically seven day click one day view. I've been running seven day click one day view all year.

And we're actually seeing like a $31 CPA. So all of my tests for seven day click one day view versus one day click on all of my tests. And again, this is over leads, app installs, purchases for e-com, like a variety of different types of products.

What I find is that one day click is a lot more volatile. Like you have one day that's like four or five extra robust. Then the next day is like 0.1.

Then the next day, like a one. Then like the next day a two. Then the next day back down to a 0.1.

Then like a five extra robust. The next day it's a lot more volatile. Where I find seven day click one day view has a little bit more consistency and a lot more stable.

And we've tested this again up to $100,000 a day. We did have $100,000 a day of spend per one account for Black Friday. Seven day click one day view.

And, you know, getting tested over a variety of different products. And we just find seven day click one day view always tends to be more stable. It also provides a lot more data to Facebook from an optimization standpoint.

Because it's looking at views who's stopping and looking at the ad. And then it's also looking at people who clicking on the ad as well. So whereas one day click is just people who click on the ad.

So we're giving Facebook a lot more data to optimize on and be a lot more efficient versus restricting the data to only people that click. And that's where it becomes an issue at. So, yeah.

We use seven day click one day view. I could try to make this like another five, ten minutes long. But I just don't see why we need to do that.

So, yeah. It was really great talking to you guys. It was a nice short little video.

It's kind of throwing the mix right here. But, yeah. And, again, like I said, we've tested this on everything.

Higher end products. You know, $400 or $500 AOV products. Legion.

App installs. Ecom. Info products.

We've tested across everything. And we always find seven day click one day view works better. And, again, all the way from a $50 a day budget all the way to $100,000 a day budget.

With the most average one being about $10,000 a day. But, yeah. So, cool, guys.

That's it. I'm not going to make this video longer just to pump up the algorithm. I hope you guys enjoyed this video.

Hopefully, it's answered that question specifically for you. My name is Nick Terrio. I'll talk to you guys later.

Peace out.