Seven Facebook ad tips to try today that will skyrocket your ROAS. Today I'll be going over seven things that's positively impacted the ROAS for our client accounts and I want to go ahead and give these to you. If you're questioning why I'm credible to be teaching these types of things, I've done over $100 million in online revenue with Facebook ads specifically for my clients.

So that being said, let's dive into the video. Number one is market research. Look, I'll tell you right now, you are not doing enough market research.

If you haven't done at least 30 minutes a day, five days a week of market research, you're not doing enough. Regardless if we have an account overperforming, doing amazing or underperforming, we're doing research at least 30 minutes a day. It's vitally important you're doing market research every single day to better understand your market, better understand your consumer, stay on track of like trends and things like that that's working well.

And it's where we get all of our ad ideas. And I've seen huge breakthroughs in accounts by simply just doing a little bit of market research to find new winning ad ideas. So more market research.

And I have videos on the channel. If you literally look up market research on the channel, I have a couple of videos around it specifically. Number two is review your recent ad test.

So every time you launch a new creative in the account, you let it run for a couple of days. You test that ad and it either worked or it failed. But what a lot of people are doing is they're not reviewing it.

They're not spending time to figure out why it worked or why it failed and what you can do to improve it. You know, I like to, I like to imagine myself like a, uh, you know, professional football player. You know, I go, I play my game.

And after the game, I take my iPad out and I sit down and review everything. I review what went right, what went wrong, what I could have done to improve. You know, that guy kept blocking me and passing me down and you know, what could I've done better?

Things like that. I like to spend at least 30 minutes reviewing every single ad test we perform and just sit down the first 10 minutes. You're gonna have a lot of ideas.

The next 10 minutes is going to suck to be very boring and you're probably be very distracted. But then you're gonna start getting a lot of these really deeper ideas of what could have you done better, what went wrong and what you could do next. And those are the things that's going to make you money specifically.

Number three is test different desires across your marketplace. You know, back in, uh, 2020, um, April, 2020, no, actually February, 2020, specifically, uh, working with this particular brand, a metal sign brand. And we were just being very bland in our desires.

You know, we were quite frankly, I didn't even know what desires were at the time, but I was just saying, Hey, metal sign, customize it, add you and your partner's name on it. Didn't really work well. So we found a new desire and we're doing a thousand dollars a day is in sales at that time.

Found a new desire. And that was the desire to give a loved one a gift. So I literally put, give, give your loved one a gift.

They will, they'll remember. I think it was, and it took off. And we scaled up to five kid day in sales by finding a better desire.

And we created fresh creatives and fresh copy and fresh headlines around that specific desire. So that's desire. Uh, we had a recent account that we scaled from five K a day to $30,000 a day.

Uh, if you look up, I think like five K to 20 K a day case study, where all we did was change the desire of the, of the product. That is it. So testing different desires across your market, just make sure you create fresh content around those desires.

So you're giving it an accurate test. Number four is test different market awareness levels. Plenty of videos on the channel.

What market awareness is, but it's basically, uh, the mental gaps in, in your market, uh, in terms of, uh, where your consumer is at in the mindset they have. And we had a potential account or, you know, a particular account where we were spending about $450,000 a month for a couple months straight. And we just kept focusing on problem aware, which is the second to largest size, but because we're spending so much for a relatively small market and really, relatively unknown problem, you know, we needed to, uh, larger markets.

We need to go to unaware and, you know, we've tested probably a hundred something ads on problem aware before moving to unaware. So I'm not saying you need to go do problem where it's unaware, unless you've been stuck at a certain level, then you can move over to unaware. Uh, so we're finally, we created some ads around unaware first couple didn't work.

And then we just kept at it. And then we got some working well, um, and we were able to cut our cost per result, spending $40,000 to $50,000 a month from $45 to $35. Um, essentially reaching out to a whole new market with our product right there.

And again, that's five stages of market awareness. If you just look at my channel market awareness, have a couple of videos on market awareness specifically, and you know, everything you need to know about it specifically. Number five is test different sophistication levels.

Um, sophistication levels deal with how many products people have used before your product or how many solutions people have used, um, before your solution specifically. And due to this, sometimes we have to introduce new mechanisms to give people hope again. Um, so give you guys an example real quick.

You know, I run a Facebook ads agency. I make my clients a lot of money. I have some new clients that come on board and they want to work with us.

They watch these videos like you're watching it now. And they reach out to me. They want to work with me specifically.

And a lot of them love to work with me because I talk about marketing fundamentals. I show them how we get results with marketing fundamentals. Whereas other agency owners are pitching them and they're getting shot the fuck down because they're like, Hey, we'll make you more ads with Facebook ad or make you more money with Facebook ads.

And they show them a really terrible strategy or they don't even have a strategy put together. And that's because I've been able to effectively position myself and understand that, Hey, these owners been burnt multiple times by other agency owners sitting there, pitching them stuff like, um, you know, ad account structures and bid caps and cost caps. Whereas our mechanism is creative fundamentals and building better creatives that convert, which allows them to perform better.

So we have a, we introduced a new mechanism and that deals with market sophistication right there. It's a stage three market sophistication specifically. So that's worked really well for us.

And you know, same thing with your ads, you know, sometimes you need a, a just treat it like a stage one and just state the claim. Sometimes you may have to exaggerate the claim. Sometimes you may have to introduce a new mechanism.

Sometimes you may have to exaggerate the mechanism. There's even the fifth one where you have, where it's like an unaware market specifically right there. Again, plenty of videos, my channel about market sophistication.

So you can learn a little bit more specifically about that. Number six is consolidate ad account. Uh, we literally just had a ad account where, uh, you know, we had two campaigns running both CBO, both each had their own products in it.

Then I decided to consolidate the two and just make one CBO campaign with all of the ads from both campaigns. Um, and our row ass triple well reported row ass on $4,000 a day of ad spin, um, went from 1.5, 1.3, all the way up to like a 2.5 specifically. So we consolidate the ad account and we weren't competing against each other anymore.

Um, so that's a really big one right there. Try to have as few as possible campaigns as possible, which usually will compete against each other. And it artificially rises or raises costs because you're competing against yourself, um, inside of the ad account specifically.

And number seven is use broad targeting. Uh, don't worry about retargeting. Don't worry about looks like interest or stuff like that.

Leverage Facebook's algorithm. Let Facebook's algorithm find your customers based off who's resonating with your ads. The people that are resonating with your ads and clicking on your ads is because of the bait you put out into the market.

So if you understand that create ads that resonate with your market, the better ad you resonate with your market and sell your product, the more money you'll make. And this also is a huge factor right here is because now we don't have to worry about audience testing. We never really worry about, is it the ad or is it the audience specifically?

We just let Facebook do its work and then we get rewarded for those ads itself. Yeah guys, um, that's seven ad tips that, uh, you guys can implement. It's gonna help you skyrocket your ROAS.

Everything that we do for our clients that, uh, like I said, we've done over a hundred million dollars in online revenue specifically with Facebook ads for our clients. So if you want to learn more, more about that, click the links below, um, have Nick Theriot run your ads or have Nick Theriot mentor you specifically. So, and if you enjoyed this video, hit that like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.