Today, I will be breaking down a Facebook ad account that we've scaled from $100,000 a month to multiple seven figures per month in revenue. I will be pulling back the curtains, showing you the ad account on a monthly basis, what are actions that we took, what are some of the ads that like the concepts and stuff like that, that we kept testing, showing you all. So with that being said, let's dive into the video.

So first off this account, we took over April 1st, that's the day that this particular client came on board with the agency. And I just did April 1st to December 31st, 2023. And obviously you can see right here, just that revenue curve consistently keeps going up.

You know, we did about 5.5 million in revenue over April 1st to December 31st, spent about 2.3 million on ads, about $958,000 in net profit. I'd say they probably actually realistically did about 800 to 900K in profit themselves. But yeah, pretty cool little success story.

Here's also the Facebook ad account itself. You know, April 1st to December 31st, 2.1 million in spend. And yeah, I think the other 200K was a little bit of TikTok.

Is it 200K? About 150K. 2.3, this is 2.1.

So $150,000 is between TikTok and Google ads themselves. So that's a big thing. Average about $33 in CCPA.

Facebook is off tracking in that sense right there. So it shows a little bit lower of a cost per purchase on Facebook, but this is the real cost per purchase and stuff like that. It's using Triple Wealth for the tracking.

Now, a couple of questions that I received that I really wanted to kind of address with this video is how many DCs am I running at a time? You know, what percentage of DCTs is brand new ads? And then also too, what are percentages or variations?

And then also too, what are percentage of like brand new concepts that are not variations or iterations? And then how many DCTs should I run to scale? And then how long does a winner last four, last five DCT tests and what I did about it?

Journey of finding a winning concept. So these are my goals to answer pretty much all of these questions throughout this particular video. So I'm going to address the first one.

That's our last five DCTs. This is probably what? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, seven DCTs right here.

And you can see right there, I mean, our last five are pretty much six or pretty much all losers. That's perfectly normal. We'll see about one to two out of 10 DCTs we test take off and keep in mind here.

It's what we put in the DCT that matters. It's not the fact of testing DCTs. So we've tested somewhere around 180, 186 DCTs on this account now since April 1st.

So let's just keep that in mind right there. We're very consistent with the actions that we know make us more money. We're not the type of people that watch this video and test the DCT doesn't see it works and just immediately like, Oh Nick, this doesn't work.

Like no shit. Test, test a hundred DCTs with high quality creatives and then tell me it doesn't work. I'd love to see that.

And I rarely see that ever. So that's the first thing. So you see right here, even after 180, we're still having losers.

That's perfectly normal. And you can see each one's a different version. Like this was like a couple of different collections we did.

This is like a different type of hook, different personal avatar we're going after another type of hook, another type of hook. So a little bit mixture of new concepts of like new hooks and stuff. And then also to new, what I would say, like collections and stuff that we're dropping.

Now we used two videos that's already on my channel to scale this account. That's how to scale Facebook ads in 2024, where I show you the exact, like if this do this type methodology for scaling Facebook ads and increasing and decreasing budget. And then we used this particular process right here to test over 180 DCTs.

We do this whole process for literally every single one of these DCTs. So go watch this video and you realize how much work goes into one DCT. And we did that 186 times.

So keep that in mind right there. Now let's start diving into the account. So this was April 1st, 2023.

Again, I just selected our main campaign, which right here spent about $1.8 million. The other country campaign, that's a whole other video. If you go watch my worldwide scaling video, you'll understand what's happening after that.

But this is the main right here, $1.8 million campaign that we're going to be looking at for today. We took over this account April 1st of 2023, and we immediately started testing new DCTs, new concepts. When we first take on an account, we try a lot of just variety.

So like we were testing different customer personas, we're testing different desires, different awareness levels. We're testing a lot of stuff in the beginning stages. And I'm not going to show you the actual creatives just because it's a client of ours.

I'm trying to respect their privacy. So just the only reason why I'm not showing that to you guys, but every DCT is three new photos or three new videos. And you can see 123, 118, 109, new.

These are all DCTs. Our main ad sets are winning ad set with all of our winning ads inside of it. Now, again, I just recently stopped moving ads to the winning ad set.

So, you know, just keep that in mind. You're not wrong if you move ads to the winning ad set, and you're also not wrong if you just leave ads running. They're both perfectly normal to do.

Just the reason why I stopped moving them to the winning ad set was because I would tell you guys to move into the winning ad set, you would move them. And then you would see two things happen. Either the DCT would still continue to perform, and it's just like, cool, just leave it on.

Or the winning ad from the DCT would not perform in the main ad set. So it'd just be like, turn off, turn them back on the DCT anyway. So I was just telling you guys to leave the DCT on anyway.

And yeah, so it just made no sense of why do we keep moving them over. So that was April 1st. We didn't find any new winning ads in April, and it wasn't until like May, I would say 15th or 16th, we found 123 right here, which started taking up a good portion of spin at a very good CPA.

Now, it doesn't look like it in the ads manager, but when I look at overall for triple well for that month, NCCPA was significantly lower. So, and Facebook was our dominant spinner. So the only thing that changed was that 123 was getting majority of spin.

And that was the back half of May. So that's why it doesn't look like it on this overall for the full month. But if you look at June, June, we started finding our winners.

So this particular client's about 45 to 60 days in with this, we charge $10,000 a month for our clients. So this client spent about 20K with us before you really saw any massive success in the account. So this is June 1st.

Now we started to find some winners. We found 123 in May, then we found 127 in June, you know, so there we go. 123, 127.

You can see spin is about the same, not much more, 38, 44. Then we go into July. July is also about the same, not much more.

But we noticed if you look at overall CPA right here, it's even though I said, this is not accurate. It's still relative. Again, relative just means if this is lower, it's going to be lower overall.

So this is $17 in July, $18 in June. But if we look at May, it's $21 and we look at April, it's 20. So it went from about $20, $21, about $18, $17, which will probably be about a, you know, $28, $25 overall, realistically, just due to the mismatch and tracking.

Now, August 1st, this is where things really start kicking off. So this client's been with us now, let's see, one, two, three, four, four full months, spent about $40,000 with us, and then goes into August 1st. And this is where we're really starting to see massive impacts with us.

We see, we doubled that spin at even lower cost per purchase. Look at that cost per purchase, $16. All right.

Month before was $48,000 to the $17 cost per purchase. So we've lowered cost per purchase and doubled spin, which doubled profits for the business. Then in September 1st, we've spent $258,000 in the month of September, again, with a really good cost per purchase.

So we've, we've two and a half X profits at this particular moment right here. And we have a lot more winning DCTs as well. Look at this, 47, 49.

We're, we've tested a lot of DCTs at this point right here. And we're not being those little people in the comments below, Nick, I've tested 40, I didn't see any success yet. It's like, well, no shit.

Go test fucking 149 over four or five months. Then see right there, which you're capable of. And also to keep in mind, like I have a decade of experience in running paid advertising now, and we still have a hit rate of one to two out of 10 right there.

But when we have hit, I mean, look at this shit. Like we're almost doubling spin muffed over muff when we start finding these winning ads right there. So yes, at certain point, well, this ain't working because you have to realize it's not how you hammer the fricking hammer.

It's the plans you have and what you put into from that architect that builds a great house. You know, a lot of you guys are getting in the car and not really sure where to go. You know, like, Oh, I need to drive to this place.

I don't have the directions. Stupid car. I'm going to sell you.

It's like, it's not the car's fault. It's your fault for not knowing how to do it or how to get there in the best effective way. So same thing when it comes on to the creatives, the DCTs is simply just a car.

All it is when the DCT doesn't perform, you don't get mad at the car. You get mad at yourself for not for not knowing how to get there, how to, how to locate that specific location that you're trying to drive to same thing here when it comes down to the creative aspect. So let's just keep that in mind right there.

All right. So we keep going, we keep pushing hard, uh, spent $258,000 in September. And again, keep in mind, we're doing 20% up or 20% down based off the last three days of performance every day.

I'm either increasing or decreasing spend by 20% based off the last three days of performance. That's all I am doing. September, we got some new winning DCTs.

October right here. We found this one, 147, absolutely crushed. CPA went up a little bit.

That's okay. Cause we're still, you know, getting April 1st, spent $40,000 that month at a $20 CPA. Now we spent $242,000 and a $19 CPA.

Then November comes around black Friday. Obviously there's a little bit more leverage this month. We launched a new collection and actually crushed it.

I did about 150 or $145,000 in spend. That's DCT 154 calls per purchase a little high, but keep in mind, we spent $359,000. The client, I think the client did, I don't know.

I want to say somewhere like 200, a hundred to $200,000 in profit that month. It's pretty good. And then December, we can continue to scale 154, found a new winning DCT 152.

Yeah. We spent $725,000 in December. And you know, again, we charge a profit share on all of our deals right here.

So it was a nice little payout for us as well. But moral of the story here is I want you guys to keep a couple of things in mind after looking at this. You have the system and the tools in front of you.

I give you all of this free on this YouTube channel. What I do not give you guys is consistency and focus. And that's something right there.

You as a person have to embody as a character trait. And if you're the person that watches this channel and cool, Nick, I know what I need to do now. And then you go refuse to do it because it's too much work.

And you're like, well, why are my ads converting? Why is it my story performing? It's because you're simply just not taking action.

The people that I see students who crush it versus students who not these students, they prioritize these high leverage activities on a daily basis. Every day they're looking at creating new ads. It doesn't mean they create an ad fully on day one, but they might use a week and a whole week.

They'll work a little bit every day at creating a new ad for next week. Whereas the students I mentor and they don't, they simply just do not prioritize this action. Talk to a student this past week where, you know, we had a call two months ago.

And since then they've tested three ads and they wondered why they were not getting performance in the account. Trust me, I was way harder on them than the way I'm talking to you guys right now. So you need to prioritize the daily actions that make you more money.

And for us, it's not, it's not that you need to create an ad every day. It's that you need to work a little bit each day at creating a one high quality ad concept a week. I show you guys exactly how to do that in the best system of build Facebook ads that convert.

I give you the full video. I also give you our exact how to scale Facebook ads in 2024. And then also too, if you go and watch how to test Facebook ads creatives in 2024, I show you exactly how to run the DCT structure.

Then if you go and watch the video, when to turn off a Facebook ad in 2024, I show you exactly when and when not to turn off a DCT. I literally give you guys everything. And at this point, if you're just simply not taking action, it's your own person, your own identity and who you are that needs to upgrade.

It's not your actual Facebook ad creatives. Now, the people that are testing creatives religiously on a weekly basis, then it comes down to two things. If you're testing a lot of ad creatives, testing a lot of DCTs and you know, you're not finding, let's just say right now, your hit rate's like one out of 20, then likely what's happening is you are making a lot of the same mistakes over and over.

And then two things need to happen. Number one, you need to identify those mistakes. You need to identify what needs to change there or B you need to work with someone, whether it's, you know, me or someone else to help you identify what mistakes you're making to where you can improve those at a faster rate.

So this is pretty much what we do on a daily basis. Literally every day, my team focused on building new ads for our accounts. And then all I do is help out with the ideas and the execution of that side right there.

So this is something that, you know, you guys enjoyed hit the like button. Sorry, I've gone a little hard on you guys, but you know, it's just like literally everything's in front of you. The only thing that I can't do for you is actually do it for you unless you're willing to pay us like this particular client did.

They came in, they didn't want to do this themselves. They paid us for us to take all this action for them. So make sure to hit the like button, hit us subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

If there's anything else you have about this particular case study, drop it below. You know, I know I'll get a few comments when Nick didn't even show any of the ads. Well, look, I'm trying to protect my client's privacy here.

Sorry. Okay. If you want me to run your Facebook ads, I work with brands doing a hundred thousand dollars a month or more.

I help you scale to seven figures a month. I've helped four brands now scale to seven figures a month. I'd love to help you out next book discovery call below.

You want me to mentor you on a monthly basis, how to create better ads and everything like that. Click the link below for have Nick, Terry, mentor you. And if mentoring or the service base is out of your budget, I do have a full Facebook ads course that shows you all the marketing fundamentals.

You need leverage to create ads that convert. And that's in Nick's Facebook ad course. Thank you all so much for watching.

Y'all have a good rest of your day. Peace out.