90% of e-com brands will fail to scale to a million dollars a month if they do not implement these three systems that we'll talk about in today's video. I've scaled over a dozen brands to multiple six figures a month. I've helped a handful of brands now hit a million dollars plus a month in revenue all at my advertising agency.

And these are the three main systems that you will fail if you do not implement into your business. Starting with number one, the most obvious one, creative testing. It still blows my mind the number of people that we hop on a call with.

And it's like, yeah, Nick, I haven't tested a creative in like six months. And like this whole six months, our business has been continuing to grow less, less, less. It's like, well, why the hell are you not taking this action?

You need to be able to build a consistent system for testing new creatives. It's so easy nowadays, especially with ChatGPT AI images, CreativeOS, Canva, Incense, Gridbank, you know, rcads.ai, all of these and even CapCut right there, like all of these tools now just to get a handful of creatives every month to you. And I've already done a video called the Facebook Ads Advanced Guide 2025 parts one through three, where I literally show you how to build a personal copywriter for your e-com brand to scale you to the moon.

And all of this, that literally takes you three to four hours a week. That's all the intention you have to do. Last night, I built about 34 creatives last night for one of my clients just using CreativeOS, Canva, and my personal copywriter.

I built in GPT and all of those will crush it for this particular client. So you need a system, whether you hire an agency, or you dedicate three or four hours every week for you to do this, or you hire a marketer. And then that's pretty much all you need now marketer and then like a video editor, those two key people to scale you to the moon and have a system to keep pushing out new creatives on a weekly basis.

All that need to be strategic creatives as well. It's not just about the number, it's about the quality, quality over quantity all day long. Now, the next system that you need is a system to build new funnels for your business.

These can be editorials, listicles, sales pages, VSLs. You need a system to keep pushing these out. There's been plenty of times where testing a new landing page has just made the biggest difference in performance because the current ad we have now, that's a winning ad, the landing page wasn't congruent with that ad.

And just simply swapping in a new landing page that was congruent with that ad made a significant difference in performance in terms of our conversion rate and also to the AOV of what people spent and how much money people spent in that particular order itself. So you need a system as well to push out these. I'm not talking about CROs.

CROs, when you're doing these little micro adjustments on the page, I'm talking about completely different funnels and at least building out one new one every week. You can again do this with, you know, building out your personal copywriter inside of ChatGPT. You can also, you also need someone that's just really skilled with Funnelish.

Funnelish is what I recommend for it or ClickFunnels, but more specifically Funnelish. Funnelish is the one that's built to scale in that particular case for e-com brands. And yeah, testing new landing pages every week.

Plenty of times that we've seen significant increases in performance that just makes it like dumb for us to not take that action on a weekly basis. Now, the last action is giving up on product testing, as in people will product test, find a winning product, and then just completely drop product testing. You need to consistently keep product testing.

It's not something that you just do until you find a product and stop. For example, one particular client where, you know, we were advertising one product for a long time and like we're doing the creative test and stuff like that, but just wasn't really moving the needle and just simply product testing, found new winning products for the store that allowed us to add an extra couple hundred thousand dollars of revenue to the business. I see this all the time with clothing brands where they'll come in with one product, they'll try scaling it, they'll be stuck with it.

I'm like, hey, when was the last time you dropped a new collection? They're like, why don't you drop a new collection? They'll start pushing in new collections and just simply providing these new products and product testing not only gives you a big upstream of retention in terms of existing customer revenue, it also improves your AOV because now there's more things for people to buy.

And there's been plenty of times we found new winning products at scale. So it's not necessarily you need to go like product tests in extreme swings where it's like, oh, home and garden, oh, bathroom cleaner, oh, car stereo, oh, clothing. But more like, hey, if you built a brand in the women's supplement space for menopause, then keep building other products to serve that particular customer avatar.

So you need to understand your customer avatar and keep having a predetermined time of, hey, every quarter or every month you launch a new product and, you know, survey your existing customers. That also helps out a lot to lower the potential risk of just launching a product that doesn't work right there. So between creative testing, between landing page testing and product testing, these are three key systems that you need in your business as an e-com founder.

If you want to scale to a million dollars a month and you don't want to be like the other 90% that will fail. If you enjoyed this video, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And if you want me to come in and help you run your business and help you scale to a million dollars a month with your e-com brand, then click link below to have Nick Terrio run your ads.

And if you want to do it all yourself and you just simply want my help, my one-on-one, jumping on calls with you, reviewing your ad account, reviewing your creatives, then click link below to have Nick Terrio mentor you. Thank you for watching. Have a good rest of y'all day.

Peace.