Hey, everyone. Alex Fedetov here. And today we have an awesome conversation with Nick Therio.

He is a phenomenal advertiser, spent millions and millions and millions of dollars on advertising platforms, works with fast growing eight, nine figure brands, and just knows exactly what's working right now on the paid side. So we'll have amazing high level conversation and we'll just, yeah, just talk some shit. Nick, thank you so much for joining me.

Awesome, Alex. No, man, I appreciate you having me on and everything. It's great to finally meet you, by the way, because I know we're both YouTubers in this space and every now and then I'll have people reach out to me asking me if I watch your content.

I'm like, no, I don't. Who is this guy? And they'll link me to some of your stuff.

So it's good to finally meet you and going to put a face to the name and everything. And yeah, appreciate you having me on, man. Yeah, my man.

Thank you so much for joining me. So how you got into this whole space? I know your story is pretty crazy.

Like with previous background you had and like, you know, we all get into this space by some accident. Yeah. So for me, long story short, it was, I was working a landscaping job.

And at this time, I was working 40 hours a week, just, you know, exited high school, say exit like exit of business, but graduated high school right there. And it was during the summertime before college, I was working 40 hours a week. I live in Louisiana.

So, you know, it'll occasionally get up to 110, 115 degrees, sunny outside, you're working 12 hours a day in the heat. It's not fun at all. And at the time, I was always tech savvy my whole life.

You know, I was about 18 years old at that given moment. But as little as 10 years old is when I had my first YouTube channel, where I was making Call of Duty videos. And, you know, over the course from 10 years old to 18 years old, I've had a couple different little YouTube channels that I didn't really take seriously at the time, but just, you know, they were for fun and everything.

But I did make some money editing Call of Duty videos and stuff like that for other people. But I never really like pursued it as a real business or pursued as a side hustle. It was just something I did for fun and people occasionally paid me for it.

But yeah, summer, 2015, 18 years old, working 40 hours a week as a landscaper, I needed a way to make money online. So I got into what's called Forex trading. I went on YouTube and started searching up various different things.

It's a little video of this 22 year old, blonde Australian girl popped up buying a Lamborghini Gallardo. It's all black one. It was like 2007, I think, or 2008 at the time.

Her name was Amy Sankster. She, you know, rest in peace, Rob, I think it's Rob Hilmer. But he was really big in the space too, at this time.

And Amy did probably one of the best marketing, you know, OG videos, just like the Tai Lopez video where, you know, she buys the car, she takes delivery, then it's like, oh, what do you do? I do Forex trading. So I got into Forex trading, I bought her course, like literally same day after watching that YouTube video right there.

And, you know, unfortunately found out to make money with Forex trading, you needed money. So I just dropped five, $600, which was like literally a whole week's worth of work for me at the landscaping business, only to find out I needed at least $30,000 in my Forex trading account to even like make a decent income off of it. So what did I do?

I started another business to fund that account, which was washing cars, because I love cars at the time. I had a little, you know, lifted four by four truck and I would wash it, detail it and all that good thing. So instead of paying someone to wash it, I was just like, you know what, I'll just buy the chemicals and do it myself.

Did it for me, a couple people reached out to me after posting some pictures online, just like any other 18 year old after they washed their truck. And, you know, wash a couple people, other people's vehicles for like $100, $200 each. Then I was like, holy shit, I just made $100 in four hours right there.

So I was like, I'm just gonna quit the landscaping business, go in on this detailing business, I'm making way more, I have more control over my schedule now, as I'm going into college, and I'm making boards where I can invest into this Forex trading thing to start building up the account. And just one thing led to another, okay, well, how do I start growing a business? How do I build a business?

And one of the things I lacked at the time was attention. And I needed attention around the business to gain customers. So for me, that's where I started going into YouTube, searching on YouTube with all different ways to attract customers, get customers into your business.

And, you know, there's a lot of SEO pitching, Google ads pitching and stuff. But Facebook ads specifically was the one that poked out to me. And this was back in 2015.

And there was a lot of just like $5 a day budget strategies at the time that worked really well for local businesses. And I was quickly like, I mean, I remember launching my first week of Facebook ads for this local detailing business I just started. I was spending $5 a day.

And the first month we spent $500 and made back $6,000 in revenue. So that was a over 10 extra turn on ad spend right there attributed back to Facebook ads specifically for this detailing business. So grew the detailing business from 2019 all the way up into 2000 or 2015, all the way up to 2019.

It was actually right at the beginning of COVID in 2020 when I actually parted ways with that business. But just throughout that four years, five years running the business, I fell more in love with the actual advertising and marketing side versus the actual work itself of working with the vehicles and stuff. And then it wasn't until 2019 that I closed my first agency clients, which was a e-com store pay me 5k a month.

And at the time, I was only making $2,000 a month working, you know, 40 hours a week with the detailing business. And I just closed the client at 5k a month that it only took me about, you know, two hours a week to fulfill on. So my income to how many hours I was working significantly went up.

And I just went all in on the agency. Luckily for me, COVID blessed me in the sense of like, okay, hey, now I have to close the detailing shop because we can't have people coming in due to COVID. So that allowed me to go all in on my agency and just head down the whole time during COVID to grow the agency to where, you know, that's basically kind of what got me to where I'm at now.

And then back in 2019, towards the beginning of 2019 is when I start posting constant related to Facebook ads. And I've also scaled up a YouTube channel during that time now to, you know, just over a 50k subscribers, and posted 1000s of pieces of content online throughout that period of time. So yeah, I mean, that's the long story short of the whole story right there.

Yeah, that's an awesome story. So like, since you since you started, like, because it's, I also been in this industry for, yeah, I've been like, since 2016, 17, like, that's when I had my first like, so we're both like, almost like veterans in this space, you know, and it's fascinating to see kind of like, all of these like, waves and changes that are happening. So from your perspective, like 2019, or 20, let's say versus now, what are the main critical parts that have changed that any successful business that wants to succeed online, like advertising, you know, using Facebook ads, needs to take into account before they spend a dollar on ads?

You know, I think the funny thing for me is that I remember in 2019, when I closed my first e-commerce client, I remember closing this client of September 2019, September 18, specifically on that day that I closed this client, they were doing 30k a month. Fast forward, I think three, four months later, we got them to 100k a month and profitable, where like, they were doing 30k a month in revenue at like a one to two extra or one to like 1.2 extra ROAS. So they were like, not even break even on that 30k a month that they were doing.

And we were able to spend the same amount of money, get them to about 100k a month, three months later. Now, at that given time, I didn't know what I did. No.

So for me, the minute I closed this client, I did what everyone else did, went to YouTube, how to run ads specifically for e-commerce. And then I discovered there was a couple of YouTubers back around 2019. There was Verum Ecom.

There's another guy that's like super, super notable in the dropshipping space, but he hasn't posted in like six years. But like his videos, people are still like praise them on. But I remember watching like Gabriel St.

Germain, Gabriel. Yes. So I remember watching Verum and Gabriel and I just spent like two whole days watching every video they had.

And I took some of their stuff. I would set up this account with their proper campaign structure. Like this account had like 50 campaigns going on.

They had every single thing possible you could do with Facebook ads going on that account. And they had a 1.2 X. So I just simplified the account.

I think we had like four campaigns I set up from Gabriel and Verum's like YouTube videos I learned. And just changing the campaign structure allowed us to go from 30K a month to 100K a month. And at the time I was like, well, I'm a genius.

You know, I just got to go take the same account structure and go apply it to all of these other like e-com businesses that want to work with me. And I remember taking that structure and applying it to like five more accounts right after that. And all of them flopped.

I was like, well, what the hell? I thought I knew what I thought I knew Facebook ads, but again, I didn't know what I didn't know. So what I realized was, is that this e-com client works so well and we were able to scale them.

I think at our peak, we got up to about 350K a month in revenue. And again, this is keeping minus all the way back in 2020. So like this was good numbers at the time.

What I didn't know, what I didn't know was that this client was really good at producing ad creatives. It was a woman's clothing brand. She specifically sold to more lower income women, but all of her creatives, she lived in this huge like mansion in Atlanta.

Her husband just bought like a Lamborghini Aventador. So she was selling like this, like rich lifestyle she was living in. She was in every creative.

She was the model. She would talk in the videos and stuff. Here's this new shirt.

I just dropped today. We've been hard at work, blah, blah, blah. Here's new clothing.

So she was really good on the creative side. And I thought everyone was just naturally good like that. So then that minute I started going to apply that same ad account structure to other people.

It's like, well, shit, like they don't have the good creatives. And I didn't realize that at the time. So then I went from, hey, it's like, I was day trading in that ad account spending, you know, eight hours a day, like every hour adjusting budget and tweaking little things in the ad account to where now it's like, hey, I spend maybe five minutes in the ad account a day.

And the other seven hours and 55 minutes, it's all creatives. And I think that's just the biggest shift I've seen over the last four years. It's that it's creatives, landing page, offer and AOV.

If you master those four things right there, that's going to be where you're going to see your large jumps, your quantum leaps in revenue that you see these other businesses doing. And you're asking yourself, why can't I do that? Do you see like these days, do you see like image ads working, working like well, or like you mostly focusing on on video creatives?

You know, I always tell people, it depends on what you need to show someone to create belief in your product, or the idea that you're trying to sell people on. So there is some cases images work better, there's some cases videos work better, I think a good creative strategy in general, you're testing both, and you're seeing which one works better. But for me, it's always asking myself, what do I need to communicate to the customer?

For example, this week, at the time of this is, you know, July 3rd of this recording. So tomorrow, we have July 4th, we launched July 4th sales on all of our stores this week, and it is pumping really well. A little golden nugget for y'all.

Anytime there's like a sale or a holiday or something like that, just take your current offer that's working really well, and just rebrand it. You don't need to change the offer, just rebrand it. And we did that this week, and it's crushing on all of our stores.

Well, I've seen so many other people complaining about performance this week. But anyway, like statics are crushing this week, because literally, all I need to communicate to someone is 4th of July sale, that's it. Whereas if I'm taking someone from like, unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aware aware, I either need a loan form landing page, or I need a video, like almost like a VSL style video.

And then the other thing is, is how can I communicate something in as fewest words as possible, or as short as possible. So I could go ahead and, you know, spin. For example, we have this one client, he sells this pool cleaner for a pool, and like a five second video of this product and uses all you need to be like, I need that, that solves my problem.

Whereas this student just came to me was like, sent me this like five page long advertorial. And I'm like, this is going to perform way worse, because you want to communicate what you need to communicate to someone as short as possible, with the most amount of proof, your videos do that already. So it depends, some accounts, all video, some accounts, all photos.

But for me, test a little bit of both. So that way, you open yourself up the possibility one performing better than the other. Any of your clients currently doing well with like VSL kind of format?

Yes. We have one client in the medical insurance business. Mm hmm.

And I mean, I know one VSL I wrote three years ago. It's been over five, 600 K on that one ad at a five X row ass. Yeah.

So and then I literally just before this call today, I think VSLs I come from the personal brand niche. So VSL for me is like we're creating a landing page with a VSL on it. Whereas now other people are like seeing VSLs as just a type of like long form video that Facebook ad.

I like testing both. I'll take that long form Facebook ad and I'll put that on landing page and drive traffic with a static image to that landing page with a VSL on it. And I literally just set that up before on this call.

Those do work really well too. I love it. Yeah, we have very similar like and it's, you know, I love that you're like in terms of understanding the stages of awareness of the market, understanding, you know, differentiating points about the product and creating that belief because like at the end of the day, you know, if you run like an e-commerce business selling physical product, you know, I mean, even digital product, like selling like a course, right?

Like we're selling like a coaching program or selling like physical product at the end of the day is just changing the beliefs that people have. So they have certain beliefs that they have. And then throughout your sales, I mean, marketing materials, like you have to like shift those beliefs to the beliefs that, okay, your product is the key for them to get from where they are right now to where they want to be.

Yeah, that's all right there. I mean, that's, that's huge. And that's, that's like, for me was like one of the biggest things right there.

When I started going into creatives and stuff, it was like, how do I just become, because I'm a person right there of like, I want to, I want to do as little work as possible and make as much money as possible, just like anyone else. So I know if I'm spending eight hours in the ad account all day, over complicating it, just to squeeze out one and 2% difference in performance, what could I go spend eight hours on that makes success impossible not to happen? And it's like, okay, well, cool.

Well, you have your creatives. That's what people see and click on. Then you have people to a landing page landing pages.

I look as the landing page is just like, if you go in the mall and someone starts talking to in the mall, trying to sell you on something like those little people that stay in kind of the middle of the hallways. And it's like, they have the shoe cleaner. They try to get you on like a new phone plan or something like that.

Like I looked at as the landing page landing page. The ad gets you there. The landing page is the literally the digitized sales process.

And then you have like your offer and then your AOV, like post-purchase upsells and stuff like that. So it's like, I only want to spend time on those things. And for me, creatives was the first thing I spent like three years, just spending as much time as possible studying from top brands.

I still love to go study the copywriters like Eugene Swartz, David Oakley, Dan Kennedy. I still look at their swipe files from ads they wrote all the way as far back as 1960. It takes, you know, yes, that's not the type of ads we're writing now in the sense of like newspaper ads, but it takes a special person to be able to make the connections and break it down and understand the common themes and the components of those things that we can then modernize inside of our Facebook ad creatives.

And that's where like we get a ton of just really good ideas for ad creatives. 100%. So let's say, you know, brand like that's doing, let's say 200k a month come to you and they say, okay, you know, next like 12 months, I want to be at like $1 million a month, you know, in sales profitably, like what's your, what's your kind of like, what's your plan?

Like what's, what are the first things that you do? 00.170. First thing is just to figure out the bottleneck.

What's preventing you from that? Um, you know, we've had a couple brands in that exact same situation and we have a few different strategies we can deploy. Uh, we have one particular brand, they were at 150k a month.

Um, they were, they had the proper ad account structure. They were testing new creatives every week, but like still just stuck. And they were focusing on this desire for stress and anxiety with their product and stress and anxiety took them from 30k a month to 150k a month.

So like they had no like bad reasons to like not shift from it, but also too, they were stuck at it for a couple of months now, even testing new creatives around that. So like literally all we did was found a new desire in the marketplace that we can position that product around and we were able to take them from 150k a month to peak in at $1.8 million. Uh, I think eight, eight months later they came in April and then yeah, November of 2023, they did a $1.8 million.

They never did a black party like that ever before. Wow. Um, so yeah, they, we exceeded and went above their expectations for how much money they, they wanted us to make.

Um, so like, that's an example right there where all we do is change the desire. Um, another example is our medical insurance client. Uh, we took them from a thousand dollars a day of ad spin when we first came on board to spending over $9 million for them in the last three years.

And for them literally once we got them to, I think like 10k a day and ad spin, it was literally just changing the market awareness level. Cause we realized that everyone we were marketing to for this product. Um, a lot of people were unaware.

So we had to open up an unaware market awareness, which, you know, you know, is like one of the hardest markets to open when you do like when you open an unaware market, like you are printing money for years off one ad. Um, it's extremely profitable. So literally just identifying the bottleneck of, Hey, there's no real new desires.

We can pivot around because this is only solves one desire. So can we go up the ladder of market awareness? Boom.

We scale them up from there. Um, yeah, it's basically like, and I think, you know, for people watching, just kind of like to give them context, like, and there's also like one of the biggest mistakes to see people making that they kind of expect that people know about their product. Right.

So they have this like very bottom of the final, like ads was a product in it without properly building, you know, the desired, the differentiation, and also like not, not properly, like just, I mean, there's only so, so many people like in a, in that market, right? There's only so many people you can hit with kind of like bottom of the final ads. And if you want to scale, you have to crack the colder traffic, traffic that doesn't even know that they have a problem.

If you can do that, like you mentioned, it's like, Oh no, I have a problem. Oh, I didn't know like this. Okay, cool.

So now like the, the, that is the biggest market in any niche. And if you can crack that, it's, it's that, like you mentioned, it's hardest one to crack, but that's what opens like a real skill. Absolutely.

Yeah, no, it crushes. Um, that's a solid, so that's like two of our three strategies, our last strategy that we like to deploy, um, is, uh, well, technically two out of four strategies. Uh, the third one though, I will go over that I'm very bullish on is just hiring higher level content creators.

No one else is willing to hire. Um, back when we were working with Icon Amsterdam, we helped them scale from, uh, 2021, they came to us at 300 K a month. And in, uh, in a 2023, when we parted ways, they're about $2 million a month.

Wow. And one of the biggest things for them was that working with content creators that everyone was scared to work with because of their price point. So it kind of goes back to like old days of, of advertising where they would pull these celebrities and use celebrities in their TV commercials, because it's not the celebrity actively endorsing that product.

It's just a celebrity in the commercial. So people are just, Oh, Hey, I love that celebrity. Oh, that celebrities in that person's commercial.

I want to buy from that person or that commercial now, or that whatever that business is. It's not necessarily an endorsement. It's just the fact of like, it increases the trust and the likeness of that brand now from using that celebrity who are the modern day celebrities.

Now it's niche influencers who, you know, let's just say, for example, like, uh, one of our clients is in the firearms niche. So all we did was there's clients that this, this client went and pulled in a couple of the biggest influencers for the firearms niche, pay them 10 X, anything you'd pay a regular content creator. But now like we added 200 K a month in revenues as business, just from that right there, because now we're working with higher level content creators.

Everyone else is scared to work with. So that's been another one right there where it's like, especially too, when product saturation starts to happen, how do we stand out from everyone else? And that's where like, we go into that other strategy I have, which is market sophistication, which all market sophistication is, is when someone's getting hammered with ads, how are you standing out from everyone else?

And that's like one of the ways right there is just use higher level content creators. Yeah. You can make better ads and do all these other things, which still works too, but this is just an easier strategy to take with content and messaging.

You already know work to, uh, to execute on. Yes. Such a good point.

And it's, uh, like, I mean, it takes balls to do that. Right. It takes balls to invest in like, yeah.

And it, and it's also, I think overall, like the bigger kind of like influencers, I think there's like, uh, there's like, they might have like a reputation for like, Oh, it's like, they cost like, you know, bunch of money and they also like don't convert. But like you mentioned, if that's like amplified with ads, if that's like a layer of like trust that you are creating, like when they see your ad, they're associating the ad with your product. Like they're associating the celebrity with your product and celebrity already has a trust.

Then like layering out, like it will make the performance of all of the other assets that you have, all of the other ads, like just like amplify them significantly. Absolutely. And that's the biggest thing we've seen every time.

And like, I'm talking about people that have like at the very, very low end a hundred thousand followers and like at a high end 600, 700 K followers. And you're looking at probably paying about a thousand to $2,000 per video. Now these people aren't posting on their platform either.

This is literally just sending you a 30 to 60 second video. They filmed with your product and them using their personality as part of the video. So like some creators have their own like way of filming their own unique kind of like style.

So you're still allowing them to have their unique style, but only saying the things that, you know, work. So you have to have winning messaging. You have to be scaling to do this correctly.

I never recommend anyone doing this in the testing phase of trying to figure out what messaging works for their brand. Yeah. And it's a, you know, Dr.

Squatch, right? They got like recently, Sydney Sweeney, they have, um, iron Mike in there. They're doing every great example of this.

Yeah. And I, I, I personally think that, that also like contributed big time to their like overall like brand value and brand equity, you know, in, um, in the space, like if you're associating your brand, like with, with these kinds of celebrities, like, okay, now it's like, you know, even like, you know, let's say you're, you, you, you selling your brand, your brand will be looked at like differently because like now it's like, okay, you know, this is, this is like legitimate brand. If, if they got these celebrities to talk about it, like if they're associating with them, then it must be trustworthy.

It must be, you know, something that, um, you know, has a lot of like legitimate brand equity in the space. Now, this is something like Dr. Squatch is a great example of this where they did the collab with Sydney Sweeney.

Um, this, this is not just a collab like, or this is technically a true collab where they built a product around an influencer. Um, there's different stages of this. So like there's a low level or just paying a big influencer to film a video at your product, but the level of which Dr.

Squatch did it is a true collab where they built a product line around a person. And this is a great example. I don't know if you got, if you know, the guy who owns tuned in Tokyo, his name is Frankie something.

I can't remember his last name. Um, but the website's called tuned in Tokyo. I got to listen to Frankie's talk at a mastermind at 10.

And, uh, one of the things that he leveraged to hit million dollar months with, uh, his brand was just simply do collab with big influencers where, um, he would specifically go after people that like could add an audience. He would just never reach because he never did it like a collaboration with that person. And he would just go and basically build, um, you know, product aligns around these influencers, exactly like Dr.

Squatch did with Sydney Sweeney. And you basically, Hey, I'm gonna do all the fulfillment. I'm gonna do like all that part.

All you have to do is the marketing part. We'll split profits 50, 50 on this whole line that, uh, we put together with you. And it's a phenomenal way to reach more people.

You would have just never reached before because you know, that influencer bridge that gap right there between your product and that industry that didn't know they needed that product. I love it. I love it.

On the, on the opposite side of that, like, do you, do you use a lot of like AI, you, do you see AI, you GC? Yeah. Oh, that's like totally opposite.

Right. Like we go from, from, we go from like totally, like, you know, people with established authority, reputation is based like to, you know, AI creation. So obviously there's different levels to AI.

I have, I have different perspectives on AI. Um, I went through like a big, deep rabbit hole of AI and I'm just kind of coming out of it to where like, okay, maybe it's not for everything in my day to day, but it is good for a few key tasks and stuff. Um, AI, EGC is pretty cool.

Uh, we leverage arcads. Um, that is something that, uh, you know, I was already doing months before, like actually, you know, working with them on a few brand deals and stuff. Um, arcads is phenomenal.

It's an easy way just to like pump out a script, give it to, uh, your little AI creator. Um, what I love the format I like the most is just the, uh, slideshow or B roll, a video on the screen. And then you, you have the little arcads creator just kind of pivot between the two corners of the screen.

Uh, so a lot of editors will just have them in one spot. You want to do like a couple of seconds on screen, come off, pop up on the other side for a couple of seconds, come off and then, and just keep doing that. And that way people don't have enough time to zoom in.

Like that's AI. So I usually do it about two, three seconds at a time. They appear on the screen.

Then I'm bouncing back and forth between corner and corner. Um, and it works really well. Just kind of add this like storytelling element to the video itself.

I love it. And so, so you, you've seen some of those ads like performing well. Absolutely.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

We'll do a couple of like just an easy win for everyone watching this. Um, go pull up the top 10 questions and top 10 objections for your product specifically. This is where we'll get to like the product aware stage of advertising and all you can do support inbox comments, uh, top 10 questions, top 10 objections, go make an ad for each objection, each of each questions.

And it's the arcads creator answering that question or answering that objection right there. And that's going to be your lower funnel creatives. That's also going to be in line now with the sales process and exact thoughts.

Someone has going through their mind after they've seen your product and vent to your website and stuff. Um, and those work really well right there before you go pay maybe a thousand to $2,000 to have a bunch of UGC video to get us filmed around those 20 questions or objections. I love it.

I love this mindset because I have also like the same mindset, like, because it's, it's so like, I think it's so correlated with a conversion rate optimization, like on the website. Like, so for example, the way I like to think about it is let's say you have a hundred people coming to your website and you have conversion rate of, let's say 3%, you know, kind of average e-commerce conversion rate, like 3%, which means 97% of people that came to your website, like didn't buy. Okay.

So obviously you can convert everyone. You can convert like a hundred percent of people, people, but like, like you mentioned, let's say with frequently asked questions with most common objections that people have. If you answer those, let's say you get like an extra percent over the line, right?

Maybe they had those questions in their mind and you retarget them with those ads. Like now, like, boom, my question's answered. I'm ready to buy.

You're like speaking directly to, to what they had in mind, like, and, and the objection they had in, in, um, on, on their mind, like why they didn't buy, like now you answering that. Now that's how you increase your conversion rate by having this, like kind of just, I mean, at the end of the day, like all of these things, like, just kind of like the common thread, like everything that we talked so far. And it's so, um, my view on this, our views are so, so like identical.

It's, it's literally just like understanding. It's like, you, you can read like all of the books, you can, you know, watch all of the courses, but at the end of the day, successful businesses that are able to spend a lot of money on ads profitably, they really understand their market. They really understand who they're selling products to.

They really understand like why people don't buy and they know how to bridge that gap of trust to their customers, to, to, to position the product as a solution to the problem that customers have or something that people missing in their life. And, and that, that kind of like understanding and research phase is like, is what most people skip, you know, for the most part, like, they're just like, yeah, you know, I'm going straight to the ads manager. Like I'm going to play with, you know, settings, um, instead of just like really understanding who is their customer, like, and how is their product different from any other product, how they can position it, to the best benefit of that customer.

Yeah. You couldn't have said it better. That's it's, it's good to finally talk to someone that actually has the same beliefs because it's crazy of how much like, you know, marketers I get on like Twitter and like Instagram that decent sized followings.

And it's like, they've grown success with just telling people to do CBR, ABO. And it's like, I mean, look, that's, that's a whole nother conversation right there. But long story short, the main thing, which makes people successful is these key marketing fundamentals and looking at that full customer journey right there.

Um, and then how can we squeeze as much profit and money out of those customers going through that journey? Um, something that's also too, that you said was, yeah, like what actions do you do on a day-to-day basis? You just hop into the ad account, start tweaking campaigns, or do you sit down and do market research and with AI coming around?

Um, and you know, more people are putting it in their ad creation process and stuff. I find market research is still the one thing that I would never delegate with AI because you develop confidence through repetitions. And the more you do something, if I go flip a light switch and every time I flip the white light switch, the lights come on.

I'm very confident now 30 days later that when I go flip that light switch, the light switch, the lights are going to turn on. I'm extremely confident. You can argue all day with me.

You want that they won't come on, but I know for a fact they will come on. So to develop that level of confidence, you have to have repetition. And for me, market research and seeing a repetition of a problem, a customer has seeing repetitions of a particular customer avatar.

That's fine. That's something right there. You can't just get from AI by saying, Hey, tell me who my customer is because AI will just spit it out and you'll be like, all right, cool.

But you have no confidence in that because you haven't personally witnessed it for yourself. So for me, if we go like sit down the AI route, like market research is the only thing that I still will refuse to like delegate to AI. But once I do that research and have that confidence, and then I can give AI the whole Google doc of here specifically as my customer, here's all the things about them.

Now, here's my product. Now let's start writing headlines. Now clearly know what headline works because I know who my customer is now.

Yeah. 100%. And like on that note, like the way we do it, like we do it the same way.

Like we have this, these documents, it's called, I forgot, it's kind of like, we call it like internal, I forgot the name, but like, it's basically list of like five different documents that are consolidated from all of the research that we have done. So one of them is about the avatar, like who's avatar, like what their problems are, how they're talking about their problem, what their main pain points in their life. You know, sorry, my kids here in the background.

Yeah. Okay. So the, the main, you know, pain points in their life, you know, both physical and emotional, depending on the product.

Then also another, so another document is necessary beliefs, like, what are the beliefs that people have right now? And what do they what, what are the beliefs that they need to have in order to buy the product? Another document is just the offer document.

And another document is just like deep research. So we do the deep research, like using AI, I think Gemini, Gemini actually does better deep research than chat GPT in our experience. But like, so that's kind of like a combination of both like AI research, and also the manual research.

And then we have these like humongous, like documents, like they're like 50 pages long. And so whenever we want to script any ads, whenever we want to write, you know, any like long form copy, like even the copy for landing pages, or the, you know, scripts for the ads, those documents will feed into AI. So AI has a great context about specifically what we're looking for.

Because like you mentioned, it's like, if you ask AI like generic question, it will give you generic answer, it will just give you like surface level stuff that just like, kind of trying to appeal to everyone, but at the end of the day doesn't appeal to anyone. And just just having that consistent and you would have to like re upload these documents like over and over because AI forgets. So every new chat that you start, you just have to re upload it, you want to generate images, like you still upload it, you want to generate like, you know, script, you still upload it.

So every time we basically uploading these documents over and over. But that just like gives the AI the necessary context to create, you know, high quality outputs that are specifically designed for for our prospect. I like that.

Yeah, no, that's solid right there. Yeah, my my partner. He's also he's also on YouTube.

His name is Mark build brands. I think I might have seen is I might have seen his stuff before. Yeah, yeah, he's a is basically he has this like, very special style.

He's like shirtless, sitting in a dark room and like making this like very I know exactly talking about actually just discovered his YouTube video like, I would say three days ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's kind of big swole guy.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's out there in Miami too.

Yeah, yeah, we we go after we have a kickboxing session. Yeah. So yeah, he's he's savage.

So he's so happy into AI. So I'm personally like, like, I think like, I'm like most people like I'm not very good with prompting, because I'm probably like impatient to kind of like sit and like prompt, you know, kind of like with AI, but he's a he's a patient guy, he can sit and like talk with AI like for hours. And, and that's how he was he was refining this process refining this process.

And so now we actually put many of these things into the like, automations. So we, we do like an eight and like automations, like for example, we have some for like image image generation, like where it's like all of these documents are fed into AI. And then all of the best performing images like are fed into AI.

And then it's like processes, all of that and then refines, you know, the images. And so at the end, we're getting like bunch of like images ready to go. The same was like long form scripts and stuff like that.

So we're trying to leverage AI. It's like, it's imperfect. Sometimes it needs some feedback.

But I think it's at the point where as long as you give it like the right inputs, it can give you some solid, solid, solid outputs. Yeah. And that's the biggest thing right there.

How are those inputs created? And that's, that's usually where it's, you know, it goes back to the market research side where it's like, that's the most important thing you could possibly do manually. Because not only is it going to drive your copy, it's also going to drive the product ideas you have, it's going to, it's going to drive the new offer ideas you have when you're browsing through other people's websites.

It's taking all that, that's the most important work you could possibly do manually. And then giving that to ChatGPT now with all the information you just discovered and helping ChatGPT helping you sift through it to create these outcomes that you want versus other people that are just like, hey, write me an ad for this product. All right, cool.

ChatGPT said it, it must be the Bible. Let me upload it now. Yeah.

Oh, yeah. Yeah, exactly. I think it's, it's like with AI, you can, you can just get like, lazy, like it's, it will, it will simplify your life.

But it can, it cannot make you complacent. Because I can business then general, like, you know, it's like, the moment you get complacent, the moment you kind of like start cutting corners, like it's it will bite you in the ass. Like, you know, so I think AI will can simplify your life and make your life easier in many ways.

But you can't just like rely that AI will do everything for you. And it will give you the right answers. Because sometimes it, sometimes it hallucinates, like, it gives you some, some weird stuff.

It will give you like, because I think that the biggest thing with AI is that it'll give you whatever answer you want. Yeah, whatever answer it thinks you want to hear. So usually, like, there'll be times where it gives me an answer, like, I'm like, I know, that's not right.

Yeah, I'll be like, hey, that's not right. Oh, okay. And then like, they'll give me another answer.

And it's like, that's right. So it's like, if you don't know, your customer already, then how do you know what AI is giving you is correct? And that's, that's how, yeah, and let's say you're writing copy, like, if you don't know the good what good copy is, right, and you just taking what AI gives you, and taking it and like running with it.

It's like, I mean, it's like flying blind. It's like, you know, you're taking taking something from from, from machine, and you cannot even judge it if it's good or not. Yeah, and that's, that's a big thing right there.

So like, for me, I just have to pull myself out of AI a little bit, because I was going too deep in it, I felt like I was getting dumber, because all I was seeing was AI copy consistently. And I have to go back to like, you know, I have three characteristics of like successful copywriters, advertisers and stuff, which is number one, being able to every day learn something related to marketing. So whether it's like literally listening to this video right now, or watching this video or listen to this podcast, right now, there's tons of golden gems that Alex has dropped and I've dropped today that give you a lot of value.

So just every day, you're learning something related to copying or advertising. Um, two, I'm super big into professional athletes. Um, I box every day and I love boxing in general.

So like, I'm always studying boxers and football players. I just want to watch this new F1 movie and stuff. And one thing that they all have obsession over is reviewing their previous gameplay.

And in that sense right there where it's like, all right, your gameplay as an advertiser is the creative you just launched. Go review that and figure out what went right, what went wrong, and what can be improved. That's the only three questions you need to ask yourself for every single thing.

And it's going to put you in a mentality of optimization. So you're learning, you're going ahead and practicing and reviewing, and it's going to allow you to build better. And then the last one is just simply having some level of like, um, you know, studying the competitors and, you know, getting coaching and stuff to where like, you're also seeing not only your ads and reviewing your own stuff, but you're also reviewing other people's stuff.

So you have something to kind of measure it against. And that's why I love looking back at some of the old ads. Um, or if I'm going in like the Facebook ads library and stuff and looking back at ads, like I'm only looking at things that's been on for at least three months.

So I miss this big chunk of testing right here and only seen the stuff that's been on for a while. Um, when you're constantly obsessing over this and looking at these different things, you're programming your mind to only to quickly be able to identify what a good ad looks like in a bad ad. But if you're just in chat GPT all day and chat GPT keeps giving you prompts, like chat GPT will slowly just give you worse answers in a thread, the longer you keep it open.

And I find that's what happens to our minds. The longer we just stay open and chat GPT, and we just sit there and look at chat GPT copy all day, you just get worse at copy in general. Um, I do find that it does have like a, a really good place for when you've already done that and put everything together.

Um, one thing that I also love using AI for when I'm writing copy is let's say for example, like I was working on this product the other day, it was, um, a gum with nano hydroxy, uh, thing that, the remineralizing gum, it's kind of popular right now. Um, so like for me, I'm writing copy down, I'm writing all the features, features, the benefits, then I'm like, okay, like, I don't know what this product is. Like, I want to understand more about this, not that the product itself, but the feature itself.

Um, so like, for example, it's like a C4 right here. So they have like caffeine as one of the features in it. So I want to learn more about that particular thing, how it works, how it's used.

I could go sit there and like try to do Google searches and stuff, but to speed up my copywriting process, my research process, it's like, Hey, try to see, like, give me a detailed breakdown, uh, deep research around this one specific ingredient. And that's what I was able to find out that like this particular ingredient was developed by NASA scientists. I'm like, Oh, that's a golden gym right there for an ad creative, you know, um, this thing that NASA sciences has the created to whiten teeth, but never released to Americans.

And then boom, there's your adding. Yeah. Yeah.

You mechanisms. And it's like, no matter which niche you're looking at, no matter which like category, product category, either it's apparel, like health, beauty, gadgets, pets, all of the categories are saturated as fuck. Like kind of like, I mean, there's a lot of competition.

And so let's say you're selling like a supplement, like you go on Amazon, there's like 5 million supplements. Right. And so like, like you mentioned, that research that you do, like allows you to find these like smaller nuggets, like smaller, like unique mechanisms or like parts of the unique mechanism that will allow you to differentiate your product.

Because the way I look at it is like, if you want to sell your products, it's not about like having even like, it's not even about having like a best product. It's about having a different product. Like it's something that like, like this product, like hydro, like whatever, like this ingredient, like, oh, I didn't have, I had like low energy all my life.

I have these like, you know, afternoon, like drops in energy, because like, I'm missing this, like one ingredient, like, and so and being able to position products this way, I think, because what's what's the other alternatives, like, let's say vitamin D, like, you're selling product with a vitamin D. And let's say everyone is selling product with vitamin D, there's like 300,000 vitamin D supplements. So let's say your vitamin D is made, like using special, like, ferment fermentation, like strategy, like or something, right?

Like, that like, if you can find these like little nuggets, then you can kind of like, in a way like shit on all of the other products, okay, this is, this is why those other products don't work. And this is why this product works. And, and that's, that's literally like, you know, that differentiated differentiation strategy, we've seen it with, we run like e-commerce brands and one of our brands, like we have, we've been like, you know, getting like three, three percent like conversion rate, about like $120 a.v.

So it's decent, so it's not bad. But it's like, we've, we've done the research, and we realized that all of the ingredients that we have in our product are just like too generic, like people can get those ingredients, like anywhere. And so we added these like two ingredients that are like have scientific studies behind them that like you go on Amazon, like you only find like, maybe like three supplements that have that and they're all like super expensive.

So we added these ingredients to the product, we started advertising like conversion rate, like just increased 30% because the product is, is different. And, and, you know, I think that's like one of the ways, like for people that are specifically like in competitive markets, like, it's like, yeah, you know, because that's one of the questions, let's say client comes to you, right? And you ask him like, okay, how is your product different?

Like, very simple question, right? Like, how's your product, why, why your business should exist? So it's all one, it's, and there's a lot of people that don't have it.

So, you know, if we're going like to like market sophistication, right there with like unique mechanism, it's like, yeah, I could technically go create a unique mechanism for my product. But what if my product doesn't have that? What do I do next?

Then it's like, okay, well, like, is your mechanism at least better? Like, you know, if everyone else is selling energy drinks, you're selling energy drinks, you don't have a unique mechanism to your energy drink, but it's your energy drink, maybe have more caffeine. And then is there a subgroup of people that actually care about that product having more caffeine?

Maybe that's not it. Then it's like, well, we don't have a better product. We don't have a unique mechanism.

What do we do next? And for me, at least that's what I've always found that works really well for me. It's just going after a sub identity.

So like, you know, here's how to scale Facebook ads versus here's how to scale Facebook ads for high ticket e-com stores. You're only focusing on a smaller identity, which a lot of people will look at that as a negative thing. Like, oh, I don't want a smaller market share.

It's like, no, no, no, no. You're going to get 0% of the big market share, or you get a hundred percent of a small market share. And that's worked really well for us for the e-com brands where it's like, we have this one particular e-commerce client right now.

They sell extremely generic products. And literally all they did was to, they do five, 600 K a muffin revenue. And like they scaled like that overnight.

All they did was took an extremely generic econ product and found a couple of different sub personas of people, um, that could use this product. And all they did was go and built a whole store branded around that one sub persona and was able to scale from zero to 600 K like overnight. That's it.

They didn't have to do really anything else besides just only speak to that sub persona. Um, and they found that sub persona just by simply going through hundreds of reviews manually to start to understand who's the type of people that's buying the generic product from other people. And that's it.

I love it. I love it. There is so much goal to like, especially for businesses that have some data that like, you know, at least on like $2 million in revenue and have some reviews either on the website or like we even get like tremendous insights from the comments.

Like, you know, some, some, we see the comments. Oh, does it work for like, if I'm a nurse, does it work for me? Okay.

We see it once. Right. And then like, yeah, it's like, Oh, I'm a nurse.

Like, will this product work for me? Okay. Again, it's like, ah, you know, my, my sister is a nurse.

Like, do you think like this will work for her? Okay. All right.

And so we see that again, again, it's like, Oh, this is a trend. There is like people like there is sub market that like, and like nurses, let's say nurses, like there's a few million of them in United States. Last time I checked it's, it's, it's small market.

It's a smaller market. It's like a few million. Like if you get like 10% of that market, that's like hundreds of thousands of customers.

Yeah. Yeah. And it's made for advertising.

So precise, like, like, and that's the thing it's where a lot of people will venture away from that because they immediately just think smaller market. And it's like, you will literally get zero of the main market because you're trying to compete with brands that do hundreds of million dollars a year or go after a smaller market. And then what a lot of people make them a state home is when they go after a smaller market, they don't expand their product line.

So for me, it's like, when I go after a smaller market, cool, we have our one hero product that scales us for 500, 600 KM up in revenue. Now let's go build more products for this customer. Start buying.

Uh, when you go after smaller markets where there's no other people advertising in, that's when you can own that with hundreds of little products for that customer. And now their LTV is substantially higher, which you then a bigger brand. That's just like on that one or two main products right there.

Man. Wait, it's like for people watching, like they should, they should take some notes. They got a ton of value in this.

On the, on the advertising side, like any, any, like anything that I know, I mean, there was like under meta update, like Facebook is changing all the time. Like anything on the media buying like tactical side, like anything that's, uh, you've seen working recently. I mean, there will always be the debate ABO versus CBO.

Um, I've, and that's, that's how I built like my YouTube channel. Like my YouTube channel has just been like a, here's all the learnings I've learned from me just testing everything. So that way you don't have to make the same mistakes.

And like, like, for me, it's like back in 2019, I was running, you know, multiple campaigns, 2020, duplicating campaigns five times every time, like we found a winning ad. And like, I did the whole ABO testing campaign, CBO scaling campaign. And like, for me, I've just been pretty solidified with just running the CBO campaign now for the last couple of years and just scaling up by 20% a day, uh, seven day click one day view auto bid, not running cost caps or anything like that.

I think the only thing that I will do is I'll do like a $10 a day minimum spin on the ad set. And every time I have new creatives to launch, I just put them in a new ad set and let it roll. Um, that's just been my structure for the last three years.

And that's simply because I haven't been able to beat it. I've tested dozens of the other popular structures online. That's always, if you go on Twitter, it's a war every day, ABO, CBO cost calves versus auto vids.

And I'm just like, look, I'm gonna test it. I'm gonna figure out works for me. And then I'm gonna scale with that.

And, you know, just kind of cut through the noise. Yeah, man. And it's like, like you said, in terms of the effort allocation, it should be like, just back to, back to creatives, back to like, good copy that resonates with your customers, like back to the research, like those things just have, like exponentially more value add than like trying to, like trying to out game the algorithm.

Like, we're all like peasants, like compared like, there's like engineers, like sitting like thousands of engineers in meta. Like, you can't like, you can't outsmart them. And like, find a little loophole in the system.

Like, um, so, yeah, I mean, I don't blame people, right? Like, as humans, we're fundamentally flawed of the sense we're always looking for the quickest, like, and not even the quickest action is that we're fundamentally flawed in the sense that we're always want to conserve energy. So we always want to conserve energy, we want to do as least amount of work to get the biggest result as possible.

That's just how we're hardwired as humans. So it's like, why go spend all this time learning these fundamentals that we talked about today? Why do I go spend all this time building creatives?

Maybe I can just duplicate a campaign and switch to ABO and I'll magically get a 5x robust. But then when you realize that if you keep that mentality right there, and you're focusing on the wrong levers to control the business, you'll just be stuck in the spot of just never getting the results you want. So it's like figuring out the two, three, four levers that you have to focus on the business that I can spend very little time on, but they're going to produce massive results for the business.

And quite frankly, things like ABO, CBO, cost caps versus auto bits, these are just things that make a 1-2% impact in performance. Yeah. I've seen so many ad accounts in my life where this structure was simple.

You can find more primitive structure, but the creatives were on point, and those accounts were printing. And that's like, usually that's the case with either with very, very good media buyers or some kind of creative person on the team or the founders themselves, where, like you mentioned, in your case, that story that you were sharing, where founders just like really understand their market can produce these amazing creatives. And in that case, it doesn't matter like what kind of, what kind of, you know, bidding strategy there is like it will work like with any of them.

And that's, that's the thing that was a big lesson for me in my career, that I learned. It's like, you can have terrible creatives, a terrible product. And it's like, you're squeeze, you're trying to squeeze a lemon that's already been squeezed.

And you're trying to get that like one or two little drops to like get maybe a 2% margin in your business at a 1% or keep the ad account extremely simple. You'll focus on creatives offer landing page AOV. And then like, you know, you see a substantial difference in margin 25, 30, 40% margin now, and you're scaling a significantly better rate.

100%. Awesome. Oh man.

How can people connect with you? How can people find you? Yeah, very straightforward.

Nick Theriot on YouTube, Nick Theriot on Instagram, and Nick Theriot on Twitter. I'm very responsible on Instagram specifically, a ton of content that honestly, I think we already share a pretty good viewer base on YouTube right now. So, you know, we've probably already seen each other's, our viewers probably already seen both our channels and stuff, but Nick Theriot on YouTube as well.

And yeah, man, this is awesome. I really liked this a lot. Man, I love it.

I love this conversation. And I love, yeah, our perspectives are so similar, because I think that's, you know, yeah, literally that that's what's working right now. And, you know, kind of like also seeing, because we've been in the space for a long time, we have seen like, kind of, you know, the flaws, and we, you know, I mean, we still have some flaws in ours, probably there are some flaws in our thinking as well.

But I think, like, at the end of the day, like business always comes back to the foundations, right? Like, and successful businesses, like, I was reading this story about like, I think Airbnb or something, when the founders, like when they initially started, like they, they were like knocking doors and talking to actual, like, like homeowners and stuff like that. So they had like very good, like understanding of their market.

And it's, you know, it's a multi multi billion dollar company at this point. But like, that that is, that is a foundation that the business has to be built on. Like really understanding your customers, why you're in business, what problem is that you are actually solving?

And how is your product different from any other options on the market? And if people have that foundation, I mean, everything else, you know, is an upside, like you can figure out like, any traffic platform, different platforms have different, you know, formats or different kind of like technicalities. But as long as it is built on that strong, like foundation, it's like the business will crash.

Mm hmm. You said it perfectly, man. I couldn't agree more.

Mami. All right. Yeah.

Thank you guys for watching. Yeah, check out Nick's, your tutorials are fire, by the way, on YouTube. Appreciate it, man.

Thank you. Mami. Yeah.

Awesome. Thank you, Nick, for joining me. Thank you everyone for watching.

And yeah, see you guys.