Welcome to part three and the final of Facebook Ads Advanced Guide to 2025. We've gone through the marketing fundamentals. We've gone through actually building the creative itself.

Now, before we actually get inside the ad account, we need to understand our target cost per purchase. So with that being said, let's dive into the first part of this video where we actually go to the cost per acquisition, how to calculate your cost per purchase that you need to scale your ads. Today, we'll be going over that on this really cool calculator for you that click link below file, make a copy, save to Google Drive, and you have full access to this calculator right here.

That's where you can actually go ahead and make all your decisions around them. So let's dive into this and kind of go through this and kind of give you some feedback of how to actually calculate your target CPA to understand what's the scale and all that good stuff. First things first, this is where we'll start off right here, your AOV.

And all you're going to do is just go look back at the last three months and what's your average AOV over the last three months. If you don't have any data yet on this, then literally just put your product price here. So let's say you're launching a product at $29.

Boom, put your product price in for $29. Now, next thing is what is your cost of goods per AOV? So if you're selling a, let's just say we're just on $100 to make it easy.

You're selling a $100 product and your cost of goods is $20 per order. Then guess what? All you got to do is put $20 right there.

Next one is what is your shipping and handling? This can also include processing fees, shipping and handling, and refunds. So let's just say on average, you spend about $10 for shipping and handling per AOV.

That means every time someone places an order, on average, it's $100. And the land that costs per AOV is about $30. This gives you $70 of margin, gross margin.

Now, I only want costs that scale as the ad scale. So in terms of like warehouse space and you pay a flat fee on that, I'm not worried about that with this because that percentage of sales is going to be greater right now at low spend, but it's going to be significantly lower at higher spend. Whereas cost of goods and shipping and handling doesn't really change.

So I only want a cost that, you know, go with per order right now. Obviously, it won't be your true profit, but it's going to be your gross profit before like warehouse space, before you have to pay your team. Because, you know, if you spend, like I say, if you spend 10K a month on warehouse space a month and it doesn't change whether you do 2K a month profit or 100K a month profit, that percentage is going to be significantly different here.

Now, next thing is we have our calculated gross breakeven CPA, $70. Breakeven CPA can also be your, you know, your total margin. It's also going to give us our breakeven ROAS, which is 1.43.

Now, some other metrics I'll look at right here is your six month LTV, your NC ROAS over the last six months and your six month monthly ad spend. I'm actually just going to change this. Well, you can change this to whatever.

We'll kind of go over this in a second. But what I'm going to do for right now is just put the six month LTV as exactly the same as my AOV, unless you know your LTV over six months. So we'll kind of go over that in a second.

I don't want to put too much attention right now on that. And let's just say over the last couple of months, you've been averaging a 2.0 ROAS. And let's just say you've been spending about $30,000 a month.

We'll put $30,000 right there. So let's kind of look into this. First off, NC ROAS.

If you don't know what this is, this is new customer ROAS. And you can find that on Triplewell. This is what I use.

I don't really know any other ways to find your NC ROAS. I just know it's easy to find on Triplewell. That's your new customer return on ad spend, not your returning customer return on ad spend.

So it's being very clear of that. So what's the ROAS we get for a new customer? Now we're spending $30,000 a month.

Gross margin of 70%. $60,000 in revenue is what we'll make. Total cost of goods and shipping and handling, about $18,000.

We're left with about $12,000 of profit per month. Now that's not good or bad. It's just a number.

And that's the first thing you need to understand with all of this. That is just a number right now. So let's look at this and kind of start understanding all the variables we have.

And how do you actually pick a CPA? So let's just say, for example, like this is fine with us. And again, it's not bad or good.

It's just a number. So why would you want a higher number or why would you want a lower number? So for example, all right, well, let's say we want to maintain $30,000 a month and spend, but we scale at a break even.

And let's just say break even. I mean, we're making no money basically. If we don't have a really good LTV in this case, this makes zero sense.

Because why do we want to start a business with, you know, for profit, $12,000 in profit, for example. Why do we want to start a business with zero profit when we're making, you know, $12,000 a month, for example. So these scenarios is for you to play with to kind of model things out.

So let's say we want to spend $30,000 a month. And let's just say you want a 10X ROAS, you'll spend $30,000 and get a 10X ROAS. You're making 180K a month in profit from a realistic perspective.

That's near zero. So that's also another thing because you have the freedom to change the different ROASs. That doesn't necessarily mean is that realistic or not?

Anywhere between, I would say probably cap it at three to four, but also kind of depends on your break even and how you're, you're scaling the business and stuff from that perspective. But in this case right here, ad spend $30,000, 10X ROAS. Again, it's not realistic.

So for me, it's like, if I want to scale this business, start making more than 12K a month profit, then the first thing I would do is just, hey, let's just keep spending 2X, but can we double ad spend? And let's see if we double ad spend. Boom.

Now we start making 24K a month profit. And then guess what? We could just keep doing the same thing.

Let's say 2X, but now it's been $100,000 a month. Now we make $40,000. But here's the reality.

If you're already doing a 2X, spending 30K a month, you're probably not going to completely like, you know, you may do like 1.96 right here. Then you might do like 1.8 right here. You want, I just immediately see that jump up.

And this is where we start looking at LTV in mind. Now I'm going to move this to one month LTV just because a six month LTV is a little bit more difficult to look at. See one month customer value.

So this is 30 to 60 days after someone purchases from you, not zero to 30, but 30 to 60 days. So for example, I'll give you all a great example, which is my ebook. So my ebook I scale at is $29.

Cost of goods is zero. Shipping and handling is zero. So I make a hundred percent profit on it.

Now with this, I have a point. I think it's, let's see, 29, 30 divided by 40. I got a 0.75 ROAS on my ebook.

It costs $29 and I scale out a $40 CPA and I spend about $30,000 a month on it. Well, actually a little bit less than that. It's been more like 10K a month.

And then the goal from here is how do we make money on that? So I do about a 5X ROAS on that 10K, even though month one is terrible, but because the LTV is so good, that's where I start to see a significantly better return on ad spend. So our LTV is, I don't even know.

Let me see. Is it $500? Oh, no, not $5,000.

That's terrible. Let's see. 500.

Nope. Definitely not 500. It's probably like 250.

Yeah. So it's about 250. Well, I'm actually lowered a little bit more.

That's profit. It's actually going to be about 200. There we go.

So we spend $10,000. We make back $7,500, but within 30 to 60 days, I make back about another additional $40,000. So you can see right there, it initially starts off at $7,500, but it improves up to $51,000.

How? Because my ebook, I'm acquiring 259 new customers a month, and then I'm upselling these people on a course, inner circle, and my agency. So they're coming in, and after a month of me emailing them, SMS them, and all that stuff like that, they increase in revenue from $7,500 to $51,000, making me $41,000 in profit per month off 10K in ad spend.

But if I wouldn't know these numbers, I would just see 0.75 and just see the negative $2,500 I'm losing every month and not looking at the full picture. And I would immediately want to stop scaling. I would immediately want to just shut ads off and run away.

But that's where a lot of people get stuck at. And this is how I can immediately see a, what I would say, a sophisticated business owner versus like they've only been watching dropshipping videos, and they haven't really thought for themselves. The dropshippers would be like, only look at 3X ROAS or 2X ROAS, and they won't see anything else.

Whereas a sophisticated business owner understands that, hey, I can lose a little money on the front end and scale on the back end. Now, is that every case? No, not at all.

We have majority of our clients profiting on day one. But in certain scenarios, then we'll actually, you know, leverage something like this. Like in this particular case, it makes sense.

We've had a couple subscription supplement brands where this is exactly how we scaled. We had probably like a 1.5X ROAS with like a, I don't know, let's just say a $60 AOV and like 20 and 10, almost a $50 margin. But the LTV over the course of like six months would be something like, you know, 100 or like $120 right there.

So they would make more money in the long run and they would lose a little bit money up front, but they would make more money over those couple months. So like for example, in this case, $100,000, 1.8 ROAS, they lose 10K a month, but every month they lose 10K, they're adding an additional $80,000 in profit over that six month period of time right there. So the goal here with this particular sheet that I'm trying to give to y'all is that what you want to look at here is you want to model these different scenarios out, see which one makes the most sense for you.

And then from there, stick to the plan. That's where it gives me my NCPA goal, my NC ROAS goal. NC ROAS and NCPA are basically the same thing.

Just very clear of that. Just the only difference is like an AOV increase will also affect this as well. So the whole goal with this sheet is one, you input your metrics and then you can model off like a six month LTV, a one month LTV, a three month LTV.

What I always tell people is start off with a one month LTV. So that's 30 to 60 days in and start off on a one month LTV and then spend as much as you can at near break even with a one month LTV profit margin goal of making profits. And then guess what?

If financials look really good, because you got to keep in mind every month you do that, you acquire way more customers. And then what will happen there is you'll start making way more profit in the back end from returning customers. And then guess what?

Next month, try to do a two month LTV. So you're willing to spend for a two month period of time. So instead of looking at 30 to 60 days, now you're looking at 60 to 90 days as we become profitable.

And you just keep doing that over and over. You're still making profit every month. It's just the profit you're making now start coming in from returning customers versus say looking at new customers specifically being profitable.

So model this out, have fun with it. You can change to like one month right here. You can change that wherever you want.

One month right here, change that. And then like I said, anything in these little blue boxes right here, you can actually like, you know, play around with and change. And here's your different scenarios.

All of those good things right here. And then like scenario six, boom. Where I see people go wrong with this is that they do a highly, what I would say, like I said, un, you know, like exactly what I did earlier with the 10X ROAS.

They do a very unlikely scenario, very unrealistic scenario. And when they do that, they get butt hurt because they can't hit that. And they feel like Facebook ads don't work for them.

So model out the data, basically make your own scenario based off of you. And then this becomes your North Star for selling the business. And hopefully this helps you out.

Hopefully this gives you some actionable data, how to calculate your target CPA, set up a plan and spend by it, test the plan. And then from there, modify the plan a little bit. You know, maybe you, maybe you thought you could scale it a two X ROAS and then you start scaling out a two X ROAS and money's a little tight.

And then like, Hey, let's spend a little less and try to hit like a 2.5. As long as that's realistic for you. And then let's start scaling up at a 2.5 and that might be better for you.

Or, Hey, that's not working. Then how can we improve LTV to make profits back from returning customers? So we can't afford to spend that two X ROAS.

That's the key goal right there. I really want to strive for you. Now that you know your target cost per purchase, let's actually go ahead and take our creatives and go inside the ad account and upload the first round of creatives.

So we dive into the campaign structure, how I set up a campaign in 2025 and how I actually add creatives into that particular campaign. Inside of my Facebook ad account right now, we're going to go ahead and hit create new campaign. Inside of this, we're going to click on sales.

Now, again, originally there used to be something that popped up called like manual or Advantage Plus and 90% of the time we would do manual. But in this particular case, that's no longer the option. Now it's straight called Advantage Plus sales campaign, which is formerly called Advantage Plus shopping campaign.

This setup is now on the by default with a campaign score of 100 and Advantage Plus on yourself to reach your performance potential. Or there is still some manual options available. And we'll kind of dive into what I'm currently using and what I'm currently testing with right now.

I'm going to hit OK on this and we're going to go ahead and get started. I'm just going to call this TS. That's just my TS is just Terrio Solutions.

That's the name of my agency. So anytime I'm working on an account, I always start off the campaign like that. I'm just going to call this prospecting.

You can call this whatever and then leave it as is. Now, I'm going to turn off Advantage Plus catalog ads because we're not running catalog ads. Do I recommend catalog ads?

To be fair, something you need to test out. Typically, they work well when you have hundreds of SKUs in your store with pretty much all like easy things. It doesn't require complex sales funnels.

But for this particular campaign, we're going to leave that off. Now, we're going to scroll down. We want to set the budget to campaign budget.

So that way it's going to be what's technically called a CBO campaign, which is campaign budget optimization. And we want to make sure this is turned on as this will allow Facebook to spend on the best performing ad sets. Now, I always recommend starting campaign at $100 a day.

That's what I personally like to start off with. You can set it as little as $5 a day if you want. Me personally, I always recommend starting off at $100 a day.

Now, next thing to set up is the audience segment reporting. And all you're going to do is click on audience segments right here. And this is something that should be like a one and done type of thing.

So once you set this up for the first time, you never have to do it again. And I'm just going to create a custom audience, website, and then select my pixel. And then from here, website visitors.

I personally like website visitors 30 days for the engaged audience just because pretty much anyone outside of 30 days pretty much forgot your name. And I'm just going to call this TS website visitors 30 days. Just need to make sure that's labeled right because it's this particular pixel.

Create audience. Done. And then the next thing I'm going to do is click on existing customers.

Create a custom audience. Website. Next.

Got to make sure it's the same pixel. I'm going to do purchases. And I'm going to do 180 days.

TS purchase 180 days. And I'm going to call that NT pixel just because I have two pixels on this account. I'm going to confirm that.

And there we go. Now, if you just simply refresh your screen, usually it'll go ahead and like reset it for you and give it a second. And then there we go.

So now we have our engaged audience and our existing customers. I'll share a little bit more information about that once we get to that. But it's basically a reporting column setup that makes it easier for us to see if purchases coming from existing customers or purchases coming from engaged audience.

Or is it new customers? Which is super, super valuable to understand on the platform. Now, go ahead and click on next.

I'm going to name my ad set. Usually for me, I name my ad set the batch number for this particular creative test. As I do three creatives per ad set.

I don't really have a batch number because I'm just doing this as an example. So I'm just going to put a random batch number like that. USA, male plus female because that's what I'll be targeting.

18 plus. Broad because that's all I do is broad targeting. And I'm optimizing for purchases.

Next thing I'm going to click on is website. Now, you technically could do website and shop if you have your shop set up. I do not have shop set up.

So I'm just clicking on website. Next thing is I'm going to do maximize number of conversions. There's maximize number of value of conversions.

There's a couple of these other ones. But for me personally, I do maximize number of conversions. Then I'm going to select my pixel that I want to use.

And then for here, I want to select purchases. Now, something important to understand is because there's still people that ask me, should I do landing page view? Should I do add to carts, initiate checkouts?

Even if I'm starting off on an account with zero data, I'm still optimizing for purchases. And that's because the way Facebook works is that they automatically categorize people into these different standard events. So if you want purchases, optimize for purchases.

If you want add to carts, optimize for add to carts. If you want website traffic, optimize for website traffic. Due to majority of my clients being either Legion or e-commerce, we're optimizing 90% of the time for purchases or leads depending on the client.

Now, I personally don't do cost per result goal. I have videos on my channel. Why?

But long story short, it restricts the algorithm from learning. So I don't do cost per result goal. I don't do cost caps.

I don't do bed caps. Me personally, I always get auto. Works the best.

Attribution setting. I don't touch this. Start date.

Typically, anytime I launch a campaign, I like to start it at midnight. So like technically today right now, it's Sunday at two o'clock in the afternoon. So I'm simply calling Monday.

I'm going to type in 12, boom, boom. And then AM. So that way it launches at midnight.

I never select an end date. So that's fine. Budget scheduling.

I don't do that either. Now for audiences here, this is where a little bit more kind of goes into the actual targeting side. Again, I do broad targeting.

That means I don't do any interest. I don't do any lookalikes. And I also don't do any retargeting audiences.

I do still run retargeting ads. But I put it as the same audience as my top of funnel creatives. That's because I believe the algorithm uses the creative and all the data in that creative to target your customers and optimize around that.

So when I look at this audience section right here, I have advantage on. This is default now. For me, 90% of our accounts, I'm just leaving this on.

I'm not touching it. I'm not leaving it off. So only thing I have to do here is just select the country I want to target.

This campaign, I want to target USA. So I'm just leaving USA in here. Yes, you technically can add other countries in here and group those up into one campaign.

I personally like to do one country per campaign because if I want to scale to other countries, I don't have to edit this campaign. I'd rather just leave this campaign optimized and rolling. And if I want to scale to a new country, I just simply create a new campaign.

It makes it easier from a long-term perspective versus just toss all the campaigns in one campaign and let it run. So for me personally, I'm leaving this on right here. And again, if you need to target another country, you can go ahead and do that.

Now, the particular product I'm going to be selling can be anyone. So I'm leaving as minimum age 18. We have some clients, for example, that legally can only sell to 60 plus due to like certain things.

So like we have to do 60 plus. We've worked with clients that are in the alcohol and like cannabis niche where we have to target 21 plus. So 90% of the time, I'm just leaving it 18 plus.

But there will be some exceptions when we're working with a product that has legal standards where we have to target a certain age group. Custom audience exclusion. All right.

So I'll go ahead and do like purchases. And we just did a purchase one right there. So I'll do purchase 180 days.

To be fair. I notice very little impact of purchase 180 days on or off. So if you have never done this before, going add this to your ad sets is gonna make really no significant impact.

I do like this though, when we're working with clients that have a large amount of SKUs and products on their website. And that way we can keep ads from hitting those returning customers. So that way only email and SMS can bring returning customers.

So that way we can keep ads focusing on new customer acquisition, which is the whole goal of running Facebook ads. All languages, I'm gonna leave it as is. Suggest an audience.

Again, nothing I need to do here. And that's it. Now, there will be scenarios where we may need to click this button called further limit the reach of your ads.

And I'll do that just to show it to you guys. But basically, it'll basically say, hey, only switch setup if you need to limit your ads, reach to a specific age, range, gender, or custom audience. And you just simply click switch setup.

Now, in what cases would you need to do this? So, for example, I would launch an Advantage Plus campaign as is. Now, let's say, for example, we have one of my students is marketing to females only.

And yes, pretty much anyone can have the product, but nominally females only. If we're getting a ton of men starting to get impressions served to that particular ad, and because it's just a woman in the ad, and that's why men are seeing it and wanting to look at it, then we may have to come in and actually switch this setup to where it's only on female. But what we're doing right now is 90% of the time, we're just launching as is.

And then if there's a gender that's taking overall spend with horrendous cost per acquisition, then we'll come in and actually manually remove that gender and switch to the further limit your reach of your ads. But right now we're keeping on Advantage Plus. So I'm just going to leave that back right there.

Now placements, I always just leave Advantage Plus placements on. That's nothing new for me. So now we're going to go and click into next.

Now I do one flexible ad per ad set. So I'm going to call this number 100. I always start off at like 100 in my naming because it just makes it easier from a long-term foundation perspective.

Then you just go click your Facebook page or Instagram account. Now I'm going to go to creative source, manually upload, and then I'm going to click on flexible. So each ad set I create has three creatives.

These are going to be three videos or three photos. And the difference here between each of those videos or each of those photos is the visual hook, not the text hook, not the script. So I'm going to go and first show you guys a image one where I'm just going to click on upload.

And I have three images right here. I'm going to show you all as an example. You can get these uploaded.

And there we go. So now we have our three images uploaded. Again, the only difference here, they all have the same text hook, but just a different visual hook, which is like the background in this case.

Now, next thing we'll do is go ahead and for the primary text, we're going to add one primary text with a new primary text we want to test. And then we're going to do old winning primary text. And then for a headline, we'll do a new headline and then we'll add a text option and we'll do an old winning headline.

There we go. Then I'll add in my website URL. I'm starting to leave on Advantage Plus Creative Optimizations.

I'm not seeing any impact leaving it on or off. So I'm just leaving it on just because I'm tired of having to turn it off. And I'm just going to go ahead and click on shop now.

If I'm using a tracking software like Wicked Reports, Hyros, or Triplewell. Dominantly, we use Triplewell for all of our e-commerce clients. I'm going to go ahead and put that URL parameters right there.

So this is how we set up an ad creative. Now I'm going to show you all a video version. I'm just going to click on this and duplicate it.

I'm going to change this to 101. Delete that. Go in here, 101.

I'm just going to show you all how to do it with videos as well. Add videos. I'm going to select these three videos and upload that.

Now that our videos are uploaded, I'm going to go ahead and select all three of them. Hit continue. And then same thing here.

We'll do like our new primary text and we'll do an old winning primary text. This way, each video gets two different copies to test on it. So that way we can cross as many variables off the list.

Now, just to show you how some of these videos are set up real quick. All of these videos have a different visual hook, but a different, or all have the same text hook, but a different visual hook. So if I open up all three of these real quick and just to let y'all see this and y'all see that, hey, all of these videos have the exact same text hook, just a different visual hook and all of them have the same script.

So there's nothing different here on the script. And just to let y'all further see this a little bit, they all basically do the same thing. So I just wanted to make sure y'all very clear on that.

I'm just changing the visual hook of each video and then the rest of the video is exactly the same. All right, cool. So now that all this is loaded in, then obviously I would go ahead and hit publish.

Another thing that I just want to kind of address real quick is that some people also ask me regarding, hey, Nick, what happens if we can't see the winning videos and stuff like that? Me personally, I don't really care because this whole ad set, I uploaded these three pictures and I know the concept, which is like feel like John Wick. So for me personally, if those take off and work really well, then all I'll do is just go ahead and, oh, hey, the feel like John Wick headline worked well.

I'll go create maybe some different variations of this where it's like, hey, feel like John Wick and then I'll have some different colored cabinets, different backgrounds, or maybe I'll go ahead and feel like John Wick worked. I'll go and take this exact one and I'll create some more versions with like other notable people that people look up to in this particular example, the military niche or gun niche. So for me personally, it's like it just, it's not really important because if I have a winning ad, it doesn't really help me much because I know the headline because that's the only headline I use or only hook I used.

And from there, now my new goal is what are other hooks I can find? So since this hook worked, I'm not just going to keep reusing it because that's where a lot of people fuck up at is they keep reusing the same hook over and over and over and it creates no net new winners. So for me, it's like, cool, that hooked worked.

Cool. I'm going to move on to the next hook that's going to create the highest probable reality of me finding new winners inside of there. But I do want to show y'all another way y'all can do this.

You are more than welcome to also is just split these up. So like for example, we have three videos right here. I'm just going to do one video.

So this is like 129-1. So I call this dash one and then I can duplicate this add video dash two. There's nothing wrong with this at all.

There's nothing wrong with you creating three separate ads in here. I think a lot of people overcomplicate this. They think this is going to create a significant impact in their performance.

It's not. I do this quite often too as well. So you can either do the flexible creative, you can do three separate creatives or for example, the other day, I had like a spring sale launch for a store and we created like 20 ads in the ad set because a flexible ad set, you could only have, well, I would say, you can only have up to 10 videos or up to 10 pictures in a flexible ad set.

So for me, I launched this big spring sale and then I just loaded in like a whole bunch of different stuff. So like I'm just going to click a bunch of random things real quick, you know, and I just loaded this in. They probably had 20 ads inside of this.

So that's another thing that I have done. Just giving y'all clarity on that. People overcomplicate this part, but in reality here, you do not need to overcomplicate this.

The whole goal with this campaign structure is that one, we're setting it at the campaign level for the budget that allows Facebook to determine what ad set to spend on based off most likely to convert. Now, let's talk about a couple other things here. Number one, Facebook does not care about your target cost per purchase.

So there will be times where Facebook will spend more on an ad set that you launched with a worse CPA than an ad set that has a better CPA but barely any spend. Facebook doesn't care about your cost per purchase goal. Facebook needs to be able to take all those ads you gave it and it's going to spend the most on the creative that can reach the most people that resonates with the most people.

The ad sets that resonate with the fewest people as the creative resonating with people, the fewer the people that resonate with that particular creative right there, Facebook's going to spend less. Now, there could be in times where it's intentionally made to spend less on that creative, for example, through retargeting. In retargeting, we created this ad set to specifically reach a small group of people.

Now, I'm not setting a retargeting audience in here. I'm just simply uploading creatives that's meant to speak to a lower funnel audience. Because I upload a creatives that speak to a lower funnel audience, it reaches less people.

So, Facebook's going to spend less on it and it's going to have a really good cost per purchase on it because it's converting a few people on the low end of the funnel. There's no way we could spend a ton of money on that particular ad set because it just simply wouldn't have enough people to reach or resonate with. Now, for our higher top of funnel creatives, this is going to be your solution aware, your problem aware and your unaware stages of market awareness.

At these particular stages right here, Facebook's going to spend way more money on those. Now, how does Facebook determine to spend on what ad set and what ads? Every time you create a Facebook ad creative and you launch it, those first couple impressions, Facebook's going to watch out for.

Hey, are people swiping past this creative or are people stopping to look at this creative? That's the first level of just judgment. If a lot of people swipe past an ad in the early stages, Facebook will not spend money on it.

If a lot of people are stopping on your ad to watch it or look at it, then what's going to happen here is that Facebook's going to spend more money on it. Now, the second level is, okay, a lot of people are stopping to scroll on this ad. Is there enough people to go ahead and spend money on this?

So, for example, the percentage of people that are neuro brain surgeons versus the percentage of people that are construction workers. There's significantly more construction workers. So, if we put an ad for construction workers and an ad for neuro brain surgeons in the same campaign, the construction workers ad would get way more spin because there's a lot more people out there that will resonate with construction workers.

Whereas for brain surgeons, there's very few of those. So, it's going to get way less spin. This is very important to understand because what a lot of people will confuse this as is, oh, Facebook's spending more construction workers and because of that, it's not converting and like the construction workers ads crushing.

But, it's just reality that there's more spin that can go to construction workers. There's substantially more people to reach. Now, the next thing to talk about is scaling and also adding in new ad sets.

All I do is assuming this campaign's launch and live and stuff, I'll just come in and keep adding in new ad sets with creatives into this campaign. And if I want to increase the budget, for example, I'll literally just come inside of here and I'll just go and increase this budget by 20% a day. Go watch my YouTube video, How to Scale Facebook Ads in 2025.

I go over our specific scaling strategy with how to increase budget and why I personally prefer 20% a day. Now, all I'll do is just keep adding in new ad sets in here with my new creatives. And for the most part, I do one product or one product category in one country per campaign.

So, you choose one product or one product category. The reason why I say product category is because you may be a clothing brand with a t-shirt collection. Or you might be someone like me who sells my e-book or my inner circle, which is two completely different products.

And I always do one country per campaign. Now, as far as adding in new ad sets, you can add as many as you want. I do not have a number anymore for how many ad sets live at once.

I do not have a number anymore for the number of ad sets I add in on a weekly basis. And the only time I'm turning an ad set off is on a seven day window if it's negatively hurting the performance for the campaign. And then from there, if I turn off something that's hurting the campaign negatively and it further worsens results, I'll just turn that ad set back on.

Now, as far as adding a new ad sets, yes, I do not have a cap anymore for how many ad sets you could add in. And I will no longer turn off ad sets on a seven day window. I'm just leaving them on.

So that way, if something doesn't get spin within the first seven days, it still has opportunity to earn spin down the line. Now, as far as unlimited number of ad sets you can add on a weekly basis, there's is a good thing and a bad thing. This is a good thing for people who actually go and practice all the marketing fundamentals I teach and go build high quality creatives every week that are strategically positioned.

This is a terrible thing for people that just sit there and rip things offline and throw things at the wall and hope something sticks. It's terrible for those people because those people, one, are impatient, two, they're just throwing random shit at the wall and they're not having any strategy to this so it capabilities and manpower on your team. Now that you know your target cost per purchase, how to set up the campaign, you have that live and now you want to know when to increase the budget or decrease the budget aka how to scale Facebook ads.

Well, in this video we're going to be hopping into now is actually how to actually scale the ads and with decisions and with things that look at to scale those ads you need a North star a North star is your live or die by this is not something that's like you know something we talked about before my mentors the other day there's a preference which is something that you kind of wishy-washy on and then you have boundaries like a boundary something that you will not cross at all like look just use an extreme scenario here like murder for example like no one's doing that you know at least that I know that's a clear boundary for whereas a preference might be like some days I like coffee some days like Red Bull do I do a Red Bull every day no do I do coffee every day no but there's some days I'm wishy-washy in those days so you have a boundary first you need a set of what NCPA you want to acquire new customers for my brand I don't want to use Facebook ads to get existing customers to purchase existing customers to purchase that's where my email and SMS is far but I only want to focus on new customers because the more new customers I acquire the bigger the business can scale and the bigger the business can grow you know like for example my inner circle when I spend money on Facebook students a month that are on that auto draft when I see in Stripe oh we did $5,000 in sales today I need to bump up my budget for Facebook ads but then I look it's five students that just got auto drafted that day for their membership Facebook had no contribution to that so you only want to focus on new customers because new customers is what Facebook bring to the table this account I think it's $22 that we're focusing on right now it's either $20 or $22 so we'll use $22 as an example for this particular video here so as long as this is at $22 exactly or below we can spend more money on Facebook ads as far as us like actually spending more money on Facebook ads it's very simple it's us just coming in this account you can just select it like this edit campaign budget and you can eaters do increase daily budget by 20% if we're hitting our targets or it's decrease daily budget if we're not hitting our targets and then we just decrease it by 20% so we're only going 20% up or 20% down no problem at all with using surfing no problem at all with all these other ways this is just the way I've had the most consistent success with I've been doing this for three years now this way and all the other ways were just like short term things that just never lasted from a consistent standpoint so we only use 20% up or 20% down the only time I'll surf and if you don't know what surfing is for example there's a particular thing going on like an event that we're doing and we only have like two or three days to spend a lot of money that's the time I'll surf but 99% of the year I'm just 20% up or 20% down now all I simply do is just come and look at yesterday and okay cool my NCPA target is $22 let's give it a second to load we're at a $21 in CPA yesterday I'll go in and increase budget by 20% now this is where there's also some other factors so I generally only do one campaign per account but this particular client is in a couple different countries so I have one campaign per country this one is slightly different we only have two countries in this US and Canada and because there's multiple campaigns we have to know a little bit more now this is where attribution tools come really in play so if I click on meta I can actually look at yesterday and inside of yesterday I can more specifically see the level of which each of these campaigns performed and again I'm still looking at NCPA now I don't hold I like to look at overall NCPA for a reason overall is like the true 100% accurate where like even these attribution tools are still not fully accurate to the point where I can fully trust them so I just want to kind of collectively see here okay hey this one $34 NCPA it was also the highest spending campaign this one had a 37 which is like way higher than my highest spending campaign oh actually to be fair no that's not the highest spending I'm only gonna bump budget by 20% on the US and Canada campaign the Euro and Australian campaign honestly I'm just gonna leave I'm not gonna touch because the performance is still not like technically hot relative again keyword here relative to my other campaign so I'll just come in here US and Canada bump by 20% and that's it and I'm done for today that's it it's all I'm gonna do last 24 hours to increase budget but for decreasing budget I typically allow 3-4 days at a much higher NCPA before I go ahead and fix that let me just go back so let's just say if I can find a day where we had a much higher NCPA so December 10th for example December 10th we 4-4 days at a high NCPA before I start decreasing spin why because I've just found out that I've not not not just found out but like I've just found over time that when we if we have a day of hitting a bad performance just don't touch anything literally do not touch anything for a couple days two or three days and it'll just auto correct itself so when you actually go and start touching and doing all these things in the account it'll actually make performance worse and then you start like trying to catch a falling knife you do all these actions and it's just destroying everything so for me I'll just go ahead and literally give it three or four days don't touch anything and it'll just auto correct itself and I found that's just a much better route and I've had significantly higher success with that now from a client perspective it can kind of look bad because I'm just not doing anything and not being proactive but honestly it just had such a higher success rate that I'm just 100% confident in that particular action right there now that's it that's all I do so you hit trend CPA you scale up by 20% or you give it a few days and you scale down because it's not doing performance and then that's it now another thing I want to talk about here is I want to talk about a hard deck so let's actually go to another account so this is actually another client account right here and this account fresh launched fresh from scratch we didn't do anything else so there's only one campaign so far in this on Facebook meaning that we're gonna spend that $75 regardless if we have god-awful performance or not and all of August we had $100 cost per purchase our target cost per purchase was $30 yes we're losing like $70 every single day that or like $40 every day that we run this but again that's our hard deck a hard deck is something you set that you do not scale below regardless of performance so at every different level we'll have a different hard deck we have a client right now at a $500 a day hard deck they need a $30 cost per purchase to scale and they're currently at I think a 33 or 34 dollar cost per purchase but they also have cash in the bank they have reserves all that good stuff this is a brand new account meaning they were zero spin prior to us coming on board and just to show you that like here's like the first of August like zero money was spending this account now what we did was is all we did was just literally kept working the system so if you look at all the way from September 1st through the 19th you know it from $100 cost per purchase and all we do is just keep testing new ads and trying to find a new winning ad for this account and I have videos on the channel on how to test faith like new Facebook ad creatives so how to test Facebook ads in 2025 is one most updated guide currently right now on this and I'll show you how to test ads creatives like good stuff now watch what happens on the 20th through the rest of the month we hit a $31 cost per purchase why because we found a creative that took overall spin and what we do is we just do one like flexible ad per again how to test Facebook ads just 25 that video show you all this so I kept spending and I kept focusing on prioritizing and find those new creatives to where I could then start spending more and then we look at October we really start to scale in October and we spent $19,000 and a $33 cost per purchase but if we go back to August we literally spent $19,000 we spent 10 times more in October because we kept spending every day we kept our hard deck we finally found a creative that lost to hit our $30 cost per purchase and then we just started scaling 20% 20% 20% so that's what happens so you set that hard deck you never scale below you focus on finals winning creative so if you don't if you're not hitting that in CPA of what you're trying to hit right now then just keep testing don't scale below your hard deck and then from there you'll find your new winning creatives and you can scale back up and then like there's other things you can focus on in terms of like creatives you can also look at landing pages offer testing and stuff like that those are some high-level things you can do and there'll be other videos for that but for the most part 90% of people just focus on better creatives and that will impact everything again how to test Facebook ads in 2025 that will go over step by step of how to do all that from a high-level perspective from we're doing a public structure it all that good stuff right now that you know how to set the campaign how to launch the creatives your target CPA how to scale ads when you actually turn off a Facebook ad well this video we're gonna dive into now actually goes into the decisions I make when it comes out it's actually turning off a Facebook ad creative let's dive into it just get back home from boxing and immediately jump into the ad spades or start going through some client accounts this is one of the accounts that I'm pulling up you're only running our one CBO campaign right now in this account and last seven days we spent about three thousand dollars with a thirty three dollar cost per purchase our target cost per purchase for this account is thirty dollars so we're pretty close we're three dollars away from our target and we'll kind of see if we can actually kind of optimize that and fix that today based off the ad sets that me turning off so let's just dive into this first thing I always like to do when I hop into an account I always like to click on the amount spent right here if you just click on it it'll sort it by highest spending to lowest spending that allows me to just kind of see like what's being spent on in this account and then from a high level to low level because again I always care about highest spending down next thing I'm gonna do is just type in active inside of here we do ad sets of delivery is active and then that way I can see all of the ads that are currently active right now in this account now to be fair we launched all of these tests 149 150 147 B 140 you know basically all of these tests we launched last I want to say like last Thursday and today's Wednesday so long story short these tests had full seven days to spin and none of them took overall spin and improved performance here so all the do first things first is just turn off these ads I'm just gonna click down here boom boom boom and then turn off these had a full week to spin they didn't spend this shows to me that these are just bad ads that's how I view that so boom that's the first thing now next thing we did actually turn off an ad the other day that's what I kind of show you all that ad right there this particular ad was to do 137 now let's take a look into 137 here for a second so 137 bit 993 dollars over the last seven days almost a thousand dollars and this particular ad had a $39 cost per purchase so that's again nine dollars over our target that we're trying to hit so for me it was like okay cool so we have a nine dollar higher cost per purchase but it's getting good spin so my next question here always comes down to do we have other ads in the account that are doing better with a lower spin or do we or do we have other ads that are doing better with a higher spin yes we do we have 103 it's spent almost double with a much lower cost per acquisition then the next one is do we have ads that a low spin to be fair I don't really care much about the ads of the low spin but do we have any ads for slightly lower spin that have significant results and in this particular example right here this ad right here only spent a hundred and thirty eight dollars what a $19 cost per purchase so technically yes it's doing much better but why isn't Facebook spending more on this ad that's usually always my question again our target cost for purchase is $30 we're getting a current $19 cost per purchase here so this particular ad set has a 1.68 frequency over the last seven days that means to me that 68 percent of people saw this ad twice over the last seven days whereas our highest spending ad spent at a 1.23 frequency over the last seven days I mean 23 percent of people saw this ad twice now for me frequency what is an ideal frequency for me an ideal frequency is 1.0 that's ideal now I don't turn off an ad purely based off frequency if an ads crushing it and has a good frequent like a higher frequency I don't care but it gives me context of what next ads I need to run inside of the account do I need to go ahead and create ads that appeal to larger audiences do I need to go improve my current creative just to make it more appealing right so like give you a great example if I made this video like a 30 minute video and I was like stuttering the whole video and like maybe just talking to the camera not even showing any visuals and stuff like that like I'm the same exact creative or same exact video but just worstly done from a creative standpoint and that would have a very lower view count because people really wouldn't be watching the video they'd be leaving and I'd signal to YouTube that hey not many people are watching this video it's not that great lower views and YouTube would recommend it same thing with Facebook if the video is not really good in terms of people watching it creatively and stuff like that then what will happen here is you'll get a higher frequency because Facebook struggles to find people to show this video to and same thing you know or vice versa if your desire you're going after or the level of marketing awareness you're going after is also not largely resonated like if I make a YouTube video for example like market sophistication and I literally say how to use market specification it'll get very little views because not many people know what that is so if I call out a desire not many people know of or if I just do a very poor creatively formatted video both of those things can impact frequency so this particular video here we spent I said about nine hundred ninety three dollars 1.8 frequency so this shows to me that this ad really will not scale because it's appealing to a small group of people and it's getting a high cost for purchase and we have ads with a much better CPA with a lower frequency which shows to me I can really squeeze more out this video so turning off this ad set is actually going to improve things because now it can shift some of that budget into this and also can shift a little bit more budget into this one right here now we'll have a thirty dollar in a nineteen dollar CPA and just to kind of show you all how that would impact things hypothetically I bring things down to about a twenty nine dollar cost per purchase versus the much higher one that we had originally so yeah that's pretty much it that's how I'll adjust things in this particular account alright so now that I know once you turn off a Facebook ad let's actually look at a quick case study with all of these things implemented of us testing ads building the account up finding winners and it actually scaling this account up in you know getting your goals and stuff like that now in step one we simply want to begin our market research which drives our creative strategy we need to understand who we even plan to run ads to what I like to do is go to reddit tick tock youtube and then also looking at competitors selling the same product as me and then I have a list of questions I like to answer to uncover the key emotional driving decisions for these customers which then allows me to go and start building out the hook various different hooks I create are the things that grab people's attention and then drives the rest of the creative now for me the hook always starts off with the text hook then I write the rest of the script then I add the visuals that emulate that script right there we create now once we have these hooks and these different ad concepts we want to create we then go and start building out the actual creatives so we'll basically have these different little ad plans which is just basically everything that's gonna be in that script and what we want done in that particular creative and we'll either send this to our editing team which will then go and just use content we already have on file or we'll send this over to a content creator where we'll pay them to film that particular video with our product now that we have all our creatives built out then we'll start moving into the technical side of the Facebook ad account setup now for this particular account we're only selling one product and we're only selling in one country this means we only need one campaign to scale this store so I'm gonna create my first campaign in this ad account I'm gonna go ahead and hit create campaign then I'm gonna click on manual sales campaign turn off advantage catalog ads I'm also going to turn on advantage campaign budget I'm gonna select a daily budget of $55 now because it's a brand new ad account there's a spin limit on the account of $50 so we can't spend more than $50 in a day so the way we get around this is by going ahead and setting a budget of $55 10% higher than your daily spin limit this signals to Facebook that hey we're trying to spend more if we keep hitting this for a couple days in a row Facebook will start to increase our spin limit now the next thing we're gonna do is go to our ad set level we're gonna optimize for purchases next thing you want to do is you want to turn off the advantage audience and then you want to select your age gender and location that you want to target next thing we'll do is we'll turn on automatic placement and then here we can go to the ad level now I do one ad set per ad concept and one ad concept for me is three creatives and then I'm selecting flexible creative uploading my photos or my videos into there and then run building issues adding my copy headline primary text then from here I'm just gonna simply hit publish so over the next 12 weeks all we're doing is simply research create creatives launch inside of that account so let's look at first four weeks of data inside of this account so during the first four weeks we launched multiple different creatives and we track performance pretty closely wasn't the greatest in the first four weeks and we actually had a CPA of around a hundred dollars during this time again I am NOT worried because it's a brand new ad account with no data now week five through eight got interesting now we were able to start really ramping up our creative volume during this period of time right here and this is where we allow to really start to understand more about who and why people are buying what some of their desires who's the type of people that's buying inside of this account this allowed us to start to adjust our messaging to better tailor to those people which drop the CPA even further by week six we got down to a $60 CPA which again keep in mind beginning was around 100 week six about 60 and then we end up at about a 30 a 30 is the target for this particular account now weeks 9 through 12 this is where finally hit gold inside of this ad account we found a new winning ad creative that actually hit our exact target that we're looking for which brought down CPA at the lowest possible point of $27 during this period of time right here it's allowed us to really start to increase ad spend during this period of time where we're doing 20% increases almost every single day by week 12 we finally crossed over a thousand dollars a day of ad spend now be very clear here this is a consumable product and this particular client is breaking even on the first purchase and they're gonna keep coming back and buying more this whole process which will literally allow us go from $50 a day of ad spend all the way up to a thousand dollars a day in ad spend which generated us over $30,000 a month in revenue I hope you enjoyed the advanced Facebook ads guide of 2025 I definitely recommend you implementing everything and hopefully it absolutely crushes for you if you're looking for more 101 guidance where you learned everything and I just want to make sure you're doing these things correctly and applying it to your ad account correctly then click the link below to join the inner circle this is a monthly program that's not a course as a monthly program where we hop on a little one called each month me personally no coach no anyone else so once a month me and you hop on one-on-one call review your ad account for a few your ads and give you strategic feedback of what you should do next to scale then on top of that I do a weekly group call with the other members typically around 15 to 20 people join on that call I'll do anywhere between a two to three hour call depending on the week where I'll go over some weekly wins with the students I'll go into a lesson and then go into a Q&A all live group call I will move open up some ad accounts we may look at some creatives I just each week we do that Friday at 1 p.m. Central time that I do that it's to all in a soon call now last thing you also get a group chat with the other members about 75 80 members at the time of this video that I'm filming and on that group chat that's where you know people just ask questions throughout the week other students and then I give feedback one-on-one in that group chat right there so I answer all the questions and no other coaches or anything like that so if you're interested in that program then click link below to take a look at the inner circle and I'll see you on the inside thanks for watching