So now that we know about desire, we know about market awareness, we know about market sophistication. Now it's time to actually go and start applying these. And before we can actually start writing our ad, we need to actually understand our audience.

And if we understand our audience, then we can start writing our ad and actually apply all those concepts we just learned about. So today we're actually going to be diving into more of the market research side and actually going spend 30 minutes just simply researching and showing you some of the things that I like to look at when it comes down to the research side. So I'm just going to basically go to ChatGPT and say, Hey, I want to be a millionaire selling products on Shopify.

Please give me a list of hot products to test. And we're going to let ChatGPT pick us out a product real quick, just so that way you can try to be like as unbiased as possible. Heated eyelash curlers.

Huh? That's actually a pretty good one right there. LED car sign boards.

I want to pick a product that is also a little challenging. So that way you guys can really see me, you know, get into it. So I'm going to choose this sonic tooth cleaner, and I'm basically just going to go try to find one real quick online and figure out what this is.

Sonic central. All right. So this like cleans your retainer.

Okay, cool. So this is for powerful, portable and precision cleaning in your home. Is this your retainer?

What is this? Invisalign retainers, night guards. Ah, okay.

All right, cool. So this will be our product. We're going to use to basically kind of proceed with like the market research and stuff.

I'm going to click on a new chat right there. And I just made this new document. I'm going to call this first little tab right here called product info.

And what we're going to do is go ahead and just simply let me delete this ID because I want just the base page. I'm going to copy that. And I'm actually going to go to chat GPT, click on the little search feature right here.

I'm just going to say, here is my product link. Please describe the features, the benefits uses for my product, how it works and how it works description of the product and all the reviews for the products. Basically just trying to get some data from chat GPT.

All right, I'm going to copy that. That'll be my product info. If y'all watch the chat GPT training already, y'all know where this is going from benefits, use cases, reviews.

All right, cool. So got product info. Now we're just going to call this market research.

All right. So good thing is, is this is a complex product. So you're going to really see me be able to work here.

This product right here has a few use cases. So Invisalign aligners, retainers, night guards, and mouth guards is an advanced ultrasonic UV oral appliance cleaner, oral appliance cleaner. So that's me something I'm a search.

So I'm going to cite whatever this little is, whatever these little dots are called, reddit.com. And I'm just going to type in oral appliance cleaner. See what type of stuff we find.

Ultrasonic dental appliance cleaners, a good ultrasonic cleaner for teeth retainers. That's a good article to look at. What's an ultrasonic cleaner that actually works?

Do Sonic. Okay. So these are some pretty good ones for what I would say, like almost your product wear side as well.

Ultrasonic cleaner, retainer. I see a lot of mixed reviews in the Zima dental pod. I don't know what Zima is, so I'm just not going to click on it.

Next thing I'm going to start looking at, what are some of these other things? So oral hygiene. So it cleans retainers.

So I'm just going to type in something around the lines of clean retainer. See what's hops up around that. How do I clean your retainers?

There we go. Cleaning your tray, cleaning your tray retainers. Best way to clean retainer.

How do you clean and maintain your cleaner? What is the white stuff of retainers? How can I clean it?

How do you clean your retainer? Retainer. All right.

So this would be a good start one right there. I'll type in like Invisalign as well. Invisalign retainer.

Also make sure you see how I just did that and remove the dots. Make sure you keep the dots like that. It just cleans that up how it's sent over to you.

Do I need a really rare retainer forever? Can someone explain how this retainer is supposed to work? Where's your retainers after Invisalign?

Let me see. Clean Invisalign. Let's see what pops up around that.

How do you clean yours? R slash Invisalign. How frequently should I clean my Invisalign?

Quick ways to clean Invisalign. All right. So it's definitely looking very solution aware because they want to clean their product.

They want a clean product. They just don't know how. It's not really a problem.

Problem would be like, you know, my thing is super dirty, but then like also to like, you know, it's the awareness stage right there. It's pretty solution aware. So we'll start going through some of this and then just start like pulling and piecing together different research.

And I'm going to actually try to do something a little different, make this a little easier. I'm going to pull that to that side of the screen, pull that up. And then I'm going to go ahead and just do this.

Make it a little easier for me to like start putting in some of my notes and stuff like that. A good ultrasonic cleaner for teeth retainers. And then I'm just gonna make sure I got my market research doc posted up.

People are looking for a good ultrasonic cleaner for teeth retainers. I'm looking for ultrasonic cleaner, retainers like Fizzline. I've done a ton of searching, but it seems to be one of those products that has thousands of cheap, quick to break versions or two products, a ton of paid reviews.

Ooh, that's a good comment right there. I'm just going to add that in. So we're going to experience with them and it was a good bring.

All right. Pellinion denture tabs, which also were great for removing stains from stainless steel. Canomogs and oh, okay.

So that's like one of the solutions right there. What I'm using is clear club form, clear muscle teeth white ingredients. All I have to do is place to foam into my retainer.

Where do my teeth and foam? All right. That's pretty cool.

All right. So some people use these retainer bright tabs for a bit now. So I guess it's just like using cleaning tabs over long periods of time.

All right. I'm just going to go to the next one. I want to go through a few different ones just to see what like people are talking about.

It's a good question people have right there. All right. So this market's extremely competitive.

So this is definitely a very sophisticated market because we've already identified a couple different, well, I'd say mechanisms right now. You can get these tablets. It seems like that you just drop in water.

And then the other thing you can do is that they have these ultrasonic cleaners, which is the new mechanism that's been introduced. And so far, it looks like there's one called Zima. And then there's the one we're promoting, which is the Sonicare right there.

So that's going to be something interesting right there that I want to highlight. I'm also going to do something cool for y'all. I don't know if this is going to work or not.

So this market is really sophisticated. There is multiple different types of solutions currently on the marketplace to clean the oral, you know, whether it's a retainer or Invisalign. So far, tablets is one of the main go to's.

And then the other thing is these ultrasonic cleaners. Cool. That's also something really cool I like to use for research for you guys.

Oh, this is a big one right here. Another solution that people are using is just simply brushing their retainer, their toothbrush, but this can actually create a negative impact on the quality of the retainer as it breaks down the material in the surface of the retainer, which actually just makes it easier for like bacteria and stuff to grow inside of it. All right.

So it's going to quickly go through here. It's been about five more minutes on this, but long story short, what I'm pulling in here is I'm just trying to understand the customer, trying to understand the problems, trying to understand the products. I'm trying to understand, you know, what solutions they failed with.

What are some of the beliefs people have? I'm just pulling all that into a research doc here, which we're later going to use in a little bit. So far right now, there's the Smile Direct ultrasonic cleaner.

Then there's the Zima Dental Pod ultrasonic cleaner as other competitors in the market that are direct competitors to us. Oh, this is a good comment of like why people clean a lot. I really like that.

That's all good stuff. How do you all clean your retainers? Oh, they smell how come us musky from doing that?

All right, cool. All right. I definitely need to understand about these tablets.

What makes these tablets just not great? So that's me another thing I have to look up at. So, yeah, so that's definitely a big thing with brushing them.

All right. Cool. So there's also these tablets.

I'm going to be very curious on the tablets. I have to look that up in a second. So I'd be very curious here with the cleaning tabs.

If that's a weekly thing people have to do, what's the cost going to be of those tablets versus, say, this Sonic Pod that it seems like you don't need that at all. So that would be very curious to be looking at. So again, look how many different solutions we're seeing hydrogen peroxide.

One thing I'm not seeing right now is I'm not really seeing any negatives about some of these solutions. So that's also like another big thing for me. It's these are all different solutions.

We can do hydrogen peroxide. We can do these tablets. We can do retainer bright.

We can do these ultrasonic cleaners. So ultrasonic cleaner tablets, toothbrush, and then hydro peroxide. These are all different solutions.

One thing I'm not really seeing here is I'm not really seeing any blatantly obvious problems with these solutions besides like the toothbrush one. The toothbrush one, a very obvious problem is the fact that it's going to mess up the retainer and it's going to be more bacteria and stuff like that. So for me, if I'm not seeing an obvious problem across these other solutions, that means that it's going to be more difficult for me to position this product in the marketplace because people aren't necessarily upset with their current solution.

So if they're not upset with their current solution, they're not going to be looking for new solutions. It's like a relationship where in a relationship, both partners are happy and 100% content to each other. It's going to be very hard to break those people up.

But if one partner's dissatisfied about something and it's going to be easier for another partner to catch their attention here. In this particular case, our partners are very satisfied to each other besides the toothbrush people. So the toothbrush people, that can be one of the ways we can go after that particular solution.

And we'll probably actually have to go at it from more of an unaware stage because people are completely unaware to the fact that their toothbrush is damaging their, what I would say, retainer right now. So if they're completely unaware to the fact that it's damaging the retainer, then we're going to have go opening it up as an unaware market, then go to the problem that's damaging it and the bacteria buildup and then the safest solution. So I think that's the way we're going to position that and start writing those particular ads.

With that being said, we're going to do that in the next video, but this is a good start right here for the market research side. Now we're going to go into the actual start to scripting and putting together the headlines itself. Let's dive into the next one.

So we've gone over marketing fundamentals like desire, awareness, sophistication. Then we did market research around a ultrasonic cleaner for retainers. And then now we're actually going to go and start writing our headlines today, following all of those key things that we understood from our market research and based off those fundamentals we did.

So today, let's dive right into it. We're actually going to start taking that research and actually putting it into action. One of the things that we understand about this particular market itself is that these are people that are wearing retainers.

That's the big one that they're looking at. And they're looking at the long term for taking care of these retainers and they want to clean it. They desire a clean retainer.

They want to be proactive about their oral hygiene right there. So that's what they desire. Now, if we look at it from a market sophistication perspective, there's a lot of different mechanisms on the marketplace to clean your retainer.

You can use oral tablets or these tablets you drop in like a glass, which retainer, you can go ahead and take a toothbrush and scrub down your retainer. You can go ahead and get the ultrasonic cleaner, which is what we're promoting. And then the other way is just simply using hydrogen peroxide.

So there's kind of different ways to satisfy that desire of a clean retainer. Now, the problem here with our positioning of our product here is that our product is a higher priced product. It's a ultrasonic cleaner cleaner and it's a machine.

It's a little higher ticket than, say, for example, looking at it from the perspective of, you know, like a tablet, you just drop in the glass. Now, tablets do get expensive over time compared to an ultrasonic cleaner and toothbrush damages the retainer, which could be way more than ultrasonic cleaner. So because there's a solution where I market people wanting, you know, wanting to clean a retainer, they obviously know what they want.

That's kind of what we're going to approach it from. Now, from a positioning perspective of sophistication, though, this is where it becomes a problem. There's no specific what I would say are not necessarily a positioning perspective from sophistication, a positioning perspective of market awareness.

It's that, yes, there's solution aware. The problem of directly going after solution aware is that it's so competitive right now. And there's no clear pain points people have with the current solution they have.

But there's one solution, though, we can attack. And that particular solution is using your toothbrush to clean your retainer. We can attack that solution and throw stones at that solution because it's breaking down the retainer.

Because it's breaking down retainer, we can tie that directly to cost that people are using, like the cost of basically going ahead and having to replace a retainer and stuff like all of those good things. So we're diving into that today and actually writing some hooks and writing that script and stuff. So first thing we're going to do is just simply go ahead and I'm going to create me a new tab in here called this ad ideas.

I got my market research. I'm going to go ahead and download that PDF. I'm going to download my product info PDF.

I'm going to go and create a new chat GPT. I'm going to go ahead and click upload. I'm going to upload both of those to it.

And then basically I'm just going to go ahead and tell chat GPT. This is two documents I've given you on my business. One of them is a market research doc.

And the other is a document with all my product info. Moving forward, I only want you to use these two documents. You are not allowed to use any prior knowledge or other online resources.

Repeat back to me the instructions. All right. So now what I wanted to do is I wanted to start writing me hooks.

Now, I understand the stage of market awareness I want to go after, which is I want to go after unaware. Now, I know what you're thinking like, well, Nick, what solution aware? I completely agree with you on solution aware.

But what I want to do is I actually want to call out people that are currently happy with a product and then make them aware of a problem that they're completely unaware to, which is damaging their retainer by using this, what I would call brushing their thing with, you know, a toothbrush. So we're going to open up a stage three sophistication because we're going to introduce a new mechanism and they're unaware to this new mechanism. So that's going to be the goal and the desire still to clean their retainer.

So we're going to actually give chat GPT that and I'm going to use my little voice thing here to make this a little easier as a female Instagram influencer with over a million followers in the lifestyle niche. I want you to create me a hook that calls out people who are currently using a toothbrush to clean their retainer. There we go.

I like this one. Wait, are you still you scrubbing your retainer for toothbrush every morning? All right, I'm going to copy that.

So that'll be my hook. So let's just go. Let's just review this hook.

So wait, are you still scrubbing your retainer for toothbrush every morning? This is a good hook right here because we're calling out the fact that people are using a toothbrush to scrub their retainer. Now that we got those people's attention, let's actually go deeper into this now and actually start writing the rest of the ad.

So we got their attention. We're approaching the correct market awareness. We're correcting the proper market sophistication and the desire is still there of cleaning the retainer.

We just have to kind of go a little bit further everything using this hook. My ideal customer is using toothbrush to clean their retainer, but are completely unaware to the idea that using that toothbrush creates micro adhesions to the retainer, which actually creates the problem of more bacteria buildup as it falls in those cracks of those adhesions. The solution to this is switching over to a ultrasonic cleaner.

All right, cool. Wait, are you still scrubbing your retainer for toothbrush every morning? I used to do the same thing thinking was clean just because it looked clean.

But here's what nobody tells you. Brushing a retainer for toothbrush actually creates tiny scratches called micro adhesions all over the surface. And guess what loves to hide those little cracks?

Bacteria. So the more you brush, the more bacteria builds up. That musky smell you wake up to, that cloudy look over time, that's not just wear and tear.

It's a breeding ground. I made the switch to an ultrasonic cleaner and it changed everything. No more gross buildup.

No more scrubbing. Just a deep dentist level clean in minutes while I'm sipping my matcha. If you're serious about your hygiene and your smile, it's time to start brushing and start actually cleaning.

Or time to stop brushing and start actually cleaning. All right. So this is good.

What we need to dive more into. So I'm just going to copy this now. And we're actually going to start editing this in my ad idea sheet.

So this is good. Wait, are you still scrubbing your retainer for toothbrush every morning? I used to do the same thing.

I think it was just clean, but it because it looked clean. But here's what nobody tells you. Brushing your retainer for toothbrush actually creates tiny scratches called micro adhesions all over the surface.

And guess what loves to hide in those little cracks? Bacteria. So the more you brush, the more bacteria builds up.

The musky smell you wake up to, that cloudy look over time. That's not just wear and tear. It's a breeding ground.

I made the switch to an ultrionic cleaner and changed everything. No more gross buildups. No more scrubbing.

Just a deep dense self cleaning minutes while I'm sipping my mop. If it's just about your hygiene, your smallest time to stop brushing and start actually cleaning. Okay.

So this is good. I like this. This is like what I would say like 80% there.

What I don't like about this is that we could probably go a little bit more into the more you brush, the more bacteria builds up. And this is where I would like to go more into like that smell, making it worse over time. So I'm actually going to say all that.

This looks really good. A couple of changes I would like to dive into. Number one, going deeper into the smell and just making really twisting that knife around that bacteria building up and just how like more it gets smelly, the more it looks worse.

And then ultimately you'll have to replace that retainer. This is where I really want to dive into the price point of replacing a retainer versus the price point of what our ultrasonic cleaner is in the ad. So that way we can actually go ahead and make our product seem cheaper, even though it actually is more expensive than brushing it.

The next thing I want to do is go deeper into painting that picture of them using the ultrasonic cleaner and how much more better their life is now that they switched over to that ultrasonic cleaner. So that way they can really twist the positive knife and really increase that desire for this product. All right, sweet.

So this actually looks way better now that I go about it. All right. This is actually really good here.

So there's quite a few things that we're going to hit on now, and we're actually going to go into the other half of like building the rest of the ad as well, because there's a couple of key things I want to talk about. So we're hitting that unaware market. Wait, are you still scrubbing your retainer for too fresh every morning?

So we're hitting that unaware market. These are people that are currently using that toothbrush. And we're just kind of the way we're framing this weight.

Dot, dot, dot. Are you still scrubbing your retainer for too fresh every morning with the shocking face? We're just kind of giving that people that face like what that brings people in to be like from a curious perspective.

And that's be an unaware market. Then what we're doing is we're making people aware of a problem here. Every time you brush your retainer, you are creating tiny scratches, micro adhesions where your bacteria, like they settle in.

You can't see them, but you can smell them. That sour musky funk that hits you in the morning, that's bacteria breeding overnight inside those cracks. Now we're creating that problem for people.

So we called out what they're doing. And then we're just basically creating that problem for them, which is like, Hey, it's making your, your retainer of bacteria or breeding ground. The more you brush, the worse it gets cloudy, yellowing and straight up nasty.

All right. So now it's just like, boom. I understand.

And here's the worst part. Eventually you have to replace the retainer. That's 200 to $500 out of pocket.

I do not even know what the average retainer replacement cost. I don't even know what that is, but let's just see real quick. If there's a thing.

Uh, all right. Well, it looks like it's about right. Now compare that to a one-time investment ultrasonic cleaner under $150.

So we just basically said that, Hey, that's 200 to $500 out of pocket or a one-time cost of under $150 that deep cleans without damaging a retainer. Very good job. It uses a high frequency sound waves and UVC light to wipe out 99% of the bacteria, no scrubbing, no chemicals, no stink.

I just popped mine in while you eat breakfast in five minutes. It's crisp, clear, odor free, and actually feels clean. It's like post dental cleaning freshness every single morning.

So the choice is simple. Keep scrubbing eventually pay the price or upgrade your routine and never deal with that grossness again. Very good job here.

So what this basically does is now we're unaware market, creating a problem form, highlighting the solution for them. And then now here's how to use the product. And then boom, like this looks good.

This looks very good right here. So what I would do now with this is that this is going to be like my video script here. So this is going to be like the script of what the creator will say to the camera.

Now, what I'll do is, is I'll say, here is my script below. Please add B roll to each line. Boom.

Paste that in and then watch what happens here. Wait, are you still scrubbing your, your retainer for toothbrush every morning? B roll a girl in her bathroom, aggressively scrubbing a cloudy retainer for toothbrush.

So like I would literally come add all this in. And then what I like to do is I like to like highlight what they got to say and then B roll. Now I'm not going to do this for everyone because it's just going to be really time intensive.

And I want to respect your time and attention. Who's watching this video. Um, so boom, B roll close up the retainer surface under a fake microscope view, showing bacteria, crawling or multiplying.

Boom. Oh, these are good too. These are really good ideas.

Yeah. So I basically just kind of go through and do all this. I did the B roll here.

I can go and edit that. I'm not going to use directly what chat GPT tells me. I'm going to go ahead and edit that a little bit and stuff, but yeah, that'll be my whole script.

And what I'll do is I'll go to like incense.pro hire a creator and incense.pro send them the product and then send them that script for them to talk to the camera and stuff like that. Now there's a couple of other things I like to look at here that we did. I just want to be very clear on there's a couple about say tools we used in this document.

And the first one is that the whole twisting the knife, we made the problem seem a little worse than it actually is. And that just makes it more important. The second thing is I made our product seem cheaper by comparing to the cost of this problem continuing on.

That's a big one right there. So that way, before I even told them what my product is, I first mentioned that, hey, this could cost you two to $500. And if I really wanted to be clever, I could just say $500 out of pocket.

Now our products only 150 bucks seems cheaper than actually is. And then I call out basically all the things that people don't like and then highlight it, how our product works. All of this looks good.

So this is solid. Obviously I would added the rest of the B roll and all of those good things. Now what we're going to do in the next video, because this is almost ready.

The next thing that we have to look at now is the landing page. We want to send this product to now there's two kinds of different landing pages. We can approach this from, we can do an avatorial perspective, and we can also do a listicle perspective and I'll probably do both in the next video.

So stay on the lookout. So as mentioned in last video, where we went over like actually building out the script and stuff for our products, just kind of like re scratch back for a second. Like we went over desire, we went over awareness, we over market sophistication.

We went over the research side, went over to creating the hook and how we want to position this product in the marketplace. And then we even got a script put together. Now we need to look at where do we want to send traffic and yes, we can send it to the product page, but because of the mental loop of what we're taking people through, like they're completely unaware.

And yes, we made them aware of our product in our ad, but that's something a little bit more convincing. And this is where I'd love to introduce a product or a landing page. And this is going to be one thing that we're going to do before we actually go and create the Facebook ads now.

So here we're going to go and start building out a landing page. I'm going to show you all some cool AI GPT stuff to help out with that. So I'm just going to basically go back to GPT and stuff.

I'm just going to start a whole new chat and then I'm going to basically go ahead and have this landing page inspiration doc. I'm not going to provide you all a link to it, but if you just so happen to screenshot this video and go and copy this URL into it, you'll find this exact doc. If not, if you're too lazy for that, then just join my inner circle and you'll get that.

So I want to do an advertorial and I want to do a listicle. I'm just going to download both those documents. It's a big document, so it takes a second.

And then I'm going to pop that open real quick. I think the first one, let me just double check real quick. Yeah.

First one's an advertorial. So I'm just going to call this, usually not, you don't have to rename these, but it just makes it easier for me. Advertorial inspiration and then landing page inspiration.

This one is going to be listicle. There we go. Cool.

So we're going to do a couple of these. So this is the advertorial one. I'm uploading my research document.

I'm uploading my product document, all of those good things. I've uploaded three different documents. One advertorial inspiration with examples of advertorials, product doc, research doc.

There we go. So this is going to be an advertorial and I'm basically just going to kind of go over the same thing that I told it for the very first. Like if you watch the script one, I'm just basically do the same thing.

So I'm going to turn on my mic real quick. Please create me an advertorial starting with people who currently use their toothbrush to clean their retainer. Then going into the problem of it creating micro adhesions or tiny scratches in the retainer, which creates the problem of bacteria and really twist the knife on that bacteria of how it being musky and discolored and just nasty.

Then transitioning into the cost of basically buying a new retainer versus the cost of investing into our ultrasonic cleaner. Then go into all the benefits and how to use our product and how amazing our product is. There we go.

All right. Well, that's writing. I'm actually going to go ahead and I'm going to fire up ClickFunnels.

That's what I personally use to do my landing pages. You can use ClickFunnels. You can use whatever software you want.

It doesn't matter to me. This is just personally what I like to do for my landing pages. I'm still technically going to use like Shopify in this center right here, which I'm not going to go create a Shopify store or anything like that.

I'm just getting prefacing y'all. I'm just going to call this YouTube example, build funnel. And then I'm actually have an example advertorial template that I've already made.

So I'm just going to select that template right there. And then from here, this is where I'll just go ahead and just start copying all this in. All right.

So let's look at this real quick. Let's first read it just to see. I used to brush my retainer for toothbrush and to learn this nasty truth.

Oh, I literally like how they twist the pain right there real quick. If you're like most retainer or liner wearers, you're probably just going to give it a quick scrub of toothbrush every morning and call it a day. I'm not going to go through all this.

I don't want to bore you guys. Boom, boom, boom. Here's maybe even rinse it on their cold water because your ortho told you not to use anything else and sure it looks clean.

But here's the little dirty truth. Nobody tells you you're not cleaning your retainer. You're scratching it.

Turns out using a toothbrush and retainer, even a softest one can cause microscopic abrasions on surface, tiny grooves, little nicks, barely visible eye. These tiny scratches, they're prime real estate for bacteria. They trapped gunk.

They breed odor. And over time, you're left with a retainer that's cloudy, like a wet gym sock. All right.

So this is really good. I really like the wet gym sock dipped in coffee breath. That's disgusting.

You wouldn't lick the floor of a subway station, but popping in a bacteria riddle to smell your retainer. First thing every morning, kind of the same thing. That funky smell you've noticed lately, the bacteria fermenting in your tray overnight.

Boom, boom, boom. Here's the worst part. Trying to scratch your D-raid.

Cool. So calling out the replacement. What if you could keep your retainer crystal clean without scratching, smelling, or spending hundreds?

Meet the Sonic Pro. Dennis approved. Boom, boom, boom.

Here's how it works. That's really good. Why is it smart in buying a new retainer?

Ready to toss the toothbrush. Add water. All right.

This is solid. This is a pretty good, um, where I'd say, advertorial right here. Is it like 100% perfect?

No, but what we did in nine minutes so far, like this is phenomenal. Basically all I would do is just come in here and start like changing all this up, this little template here. Um, I'm not going to add everything.

So it's going to take way too long, but just to kind of give you all some context, how I'll put that together. Uh, good Lord. I'm getting all confused over here.

Put that like right here. There we go. Boom.

Delete this. Yeah. And then like, obviously like you guys get the point.

I'll just go and I'll just start adding everything in and then, you know, I'm not going to copy all of it, but just to like give y'all context, basically I'd replace all of this. And then like at the end, boom, here's my offer. I would go change this check availability.

Obviously that would go to like our, which is, I don't even know if I even have the product info. Yeah. So basically I just go put that link right there to that product page that we're sending traffic and there we go.

And then we have a fire advertorial, like set up and ready to run for this. And then basically the creatives that I created on their ad ideas right here, these creatives will go to that advertorial. Now, maybe I want to test an advertorial analystical.

So then I'd basically just go do the same thing, except I'm actually going to change up the advertorial a bit. So I'm going to go, I'm just going to copy this real quick. I'm going to create a new one.

I'm going to upload all of this. I'm going to upload my computer, but I'm gonna do listicle and set up advertorial. I'm going to do listicle inspiration listicle.

And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to let this run. Now, instead of saying like 10 reasons why you need to stop brushing your retainer, I'm actually going to take a different approach here. It's, Hey, we just made people interested in our product and like, Holy shit, this is awesome.

Now let's send them to like a five reasons or 10 reasons why you need this type of product right here. So I'm just going to say, please create me a listicle for my product. And let's just kind of see what happens from here.

I'm just kind of curious and see where chat GPT goes. And then we can actually do our, you know, like our own personal, like tweaking and stuff like that. Seven smart reason everyone's switching to this ultrasonic cleaner for dental devices in 2025.

I might change dental devices to like retainers. So I just want everyone switching to this ultrasonic cleaner for retainers in 2025, just because it's going to be a little bit more specific to our audience. And then here, keep keeping your dental appliances clean shouldn't feel like a chore or worse leave you wondering if they're actually clean.

That's why over 100,000 users are tossing out. That's good right there. It kills 99% of germs without you lifting a finger.

It's dentist design for maximum effectiveness. It reaches the gunk. You can't say goodbye to cloudy scratch trays.

It's quick, quiet and travel friendly. No more musty morning mouth. It's built to last and backed by a warranty.

Cool. These are all solid, just hard hitting benefits. Boom, boom, boom.

These are really good. And I would actually, like I said, I'd be very curious to do both, like upload both of these ads, each separate ad sets inside of the ad account, same ad, both ad sets, but each ad set will have a different landing page and just see what would happen there inside of the ad account in terms of performance and stuff by, you know, testing those right there. Yes.

It's not a proper split test in the terms of like using AB testing software. I'm just going to toss them both into CBO, same ad creative, just each a different landing page. That way they're both uploaded to the CBO.

And then from there, I'm just going to see which one gets more spin, which one converts better at scale. And then just let it roll. I do like both of them.

I think the advertorial one plays really well off of this right here and provides more of a longer sales process, which like, you gotta understand, like a lot of people, especially like an unaware ad like this, a lot of people think in just that one 30 to 60 second ad, it's going to completely transform someone's mindset of how they approach this. So for me, it's looking at it from the perspective of, Hey, can we send people to an advertorial where I can provide even more proof and a longer sales cycle to convert someone over. And then the other side, the listicle is more, Hey, I'm sold on the product.

Now let's just hit a bunch of benefits to really kind of like drive it home. So like both of them are very equal tests that I would love to test. So honestly, I would test both and see which one works better.

And then, like I said, I would just simply drive traffic from, you know, this page right here, this check availability will just be simply sent to the product page on Shopify. And then I'd make sure to upload my tracking code, which is just my Facebook pixel. So that way all the data collected on that ClickFunnels page, it's still going to be transferred back to the Shopify, I mean, for it's your ads manager and stuff.

So like you can still optimize for purchases, you can still track all the data and everything like that. But those would be two really good tests right there to look into. Now, as we kind of finish up the portion of actually writing the ad section, other things I'd be looking at and testing is just simply starting to look now at, all right, Hey, what are we found one way to position this product.

Now let's start looking at number one, other problems we can call out. We can start looking at other stages of market awareness. We could hit on with this product.

And I would just simply follow the same suit in terms of you go watch the market awareness portion of this video, we're actually going create quite a few different like ads at each stage of market awareness. I would just go simply recreate all of those. And now we have like my product aware and aware ads as well for this.

So we have the full funnel built onto my ad account. Now, next video we create, we're going to go into is actually going to upload these ads inside of the ad account. And then from there, after we upload the ad account, how do we actually scale those Facebook ad creatives?

Those are going to be the two next videos that we're going to be looking at. So