I've done over a hundred million dollars in revenue over the last decade for running Facebook ads for clients in my advertising agency and I've helped hundreds of thousands of people as well scale their business with Facebook ads through my free content on YouTube and today I'm going to be diving into the advanced Facebook ads guide of 2025. I don't know how many videos this will be but I'm basically going to sit down and just go through the whole thing and give it away all for free. So before we get started just as a quick little thank you just hit that like button hit that subscribe button and with that being said let's dive into it.

So when you're running Facebook ads and when you're running advertising what a lot of people mess up on is that they think they need to actually go ahead and jam their product in people's faces. They're like hey I just spent all my time money and energy building this product here's my product has 200 milligrams of caffeine buy it now and what a lot of people mess up at is that when they do this they don't grab anyone's attention and people just simply swipe away because they can care less about your product. So when you're leading with advertising you have to treat it as people can care less about my product and what do people care about?

What grabs people's attention? It's things that they care about. It's things that they're currently going through.

It's things that they're currently interested in. So if you want to grab someone's attention with advertising you simply need to state things that they're interested in or they're struggling with they desire and that's how you grab someone's attention. Now with advertising and when you're creating an ad your whole goal is to grab their attention based off what they want and show them how your product can help them achieve that.

So for me what I like to imagine is a bridge. Imagine a very foggy bridge like the bridge in San Francisco. I think it is with the Golden Gate Bridge and if you stand on one side of the bridge and look down the bridge to the other side, you cannot see the other side at all.

It's foggy. It's dark and there's nothing guiding you to the other side. Who knows that bridge might be completely cut open in the middle and you fall down into the water and die.

So for me that's how I look at advertising. A consumer wants to cross that bridge but they have no clue how to get across that bridge. They want what's on the other side of that bridge but they have no clue how to cross it safely and it's foggy.

It's murky. So for them to guide them across that bridge right there, what we need to look at is actually going ahead grabbing their hand and walking them through to the other side of the bridge. And that's what our ad does.

Our ad grabs their hand and says, hey, you want to walk to the other side of the bridge? I'll guide you. They guide them because they want to go to the other side of the bridge and they trust us and they guide them across the other side of the bridge and show them how to get there.

And that's the goal of our ad. Guide them based off where they're at now to the other side of that bridge is where they want to go. And our ad does that and shows them how our product can help them achieve that.

Instead of hand walking to the other side, we're basically showing them how our product can help them get to that other side. This is called mass desire and there's different bridges people want to cross in life. Some people want to cross the bridge of marriage.

Some people want to cross that bridge of making more money and it's our goal as an advertiser to call out those different things they want to cross into and use that as leverage to showcase how our product can get them to that side of the bridge. This is where we get all the power at in advertising. This is where we can actually take something and rapidly scale it when we call out something people want versus, hey, here's my product.

No one wants your product. People want to get on the other side of the bridge. Our goal is to use our product to help them get to the other side of the bridge with our ad.

So another thing I like to look at is whitewater rafting. It's easy if you're whitewater rafting to go down the mountain. That's an example of desire across the marketplace.

People desire going down the mountain and our current is moving very fast down that mountain. It's easy just to put the raft in the water and it shoots us down. Whereas if the water is still, it's not moving and you have to try to go up or go down the mountain or up the mountain, it's going to be substantially harder.

And this is the difference here between having the right desire your product is targeting versus the wrong desire. If you have the wrong desire you're going after in the marketplace, then it's going to be a lot of work and you're barely going to get anywhere. But if you simply change that desire in the marketplace to something that is very hot and people want now and show them how our product can help them get there, it's going to shoot you down, down the mountain easily.

And it's just going to be substantially easier to scale. We had a client about a year or two ago who was doing anywhere between a hundred, $125,000 a month for their store. We simply found a new desire for their business and we were able to rapidly scale their business to million dollar months with that new desire.

They were already testing creatives. They were already testing different angles, iterations, and variations. But the one thing they were not testing were new desires for their product.

So this becomes very important for me as we look at desire across the marketplace. Now, I'm not going to try to go too, too deep in this slideshow, but just make sure we first understand that desire part. And this is going to be hopes, dreams, fears, wants, needs of your market.

A big thing that you have to understand is that desire cannot be created. You can't create desire. Desire is already out in the marketplace and it's our goal to latch onto that desire and then show them how that desire can be achieved with our product.

Walk them across the bridge at dark, foggy, almost impossible to see the other side of the bridge. And again, wrong desire will substantially weaken your ability to scale. And we will have clients that have multiple different desires around their product.

For example, if I'm selling a chicken breast, like if I go to the store and the little boneless chicken breast right there, the bodybuilder will go eat that chicken breast because they want to get bigger and stronger in the gym. Whereas the mom, she's going grab that chicken breast because she wants to cook a good meal for her family. So I could have ads for both of those two different personas, each with a different desire inside of my ad account.

And that's perfectly fine. So there is a lot of our clients and ad accounts that have multiple different desires we're going after, but they're all the biggest and strongest desires we can go after with our product. Now, again, people do not buy your product for what it does.

People buy your product for who they become. When I drink this C4 energy drink right here, for example, I'm not buying it for more energy. I'm buying it because it allows me to get more work done and allows me to be my most productive self throughout the day.

That's why I'm buying that product right there. So who does your product help people become? A big thing here, when it goes down to the Facebook side is that we're actually building those creatives inside of our ad accounts.

These is going to be what starts off your hook. Now your hook can be brought broken up into two separate things. The first thing your hook can be broken into is the text part.

That's that text that you see on the screen when you're scrolling and then you see this big thing. The second part of the hook is the visual of what people see in that first second or if it's a photo ad, what they people see on that photo ad. Now, some will argue that there's a third one, which is what the person says.

If it's a video ad, me personally, whatever the person says in that first three seconds, if it's a video ad like a UGC or something like that, it's going to be that text circle on the screen as well. This is where we want to showcase that desire. So if someone wants to make more money, we're going to go ahead and call out the fact that, hey, if you want to make more money, watch this.

We're calling out what they want, their desire, and we're showing to them in that video. If they also want to make more money, likelihood, I'm also going to show something on the screen that resembles money, whether it's a core or watch or, you know, the bank account balance being filled up. So the visual hook and the text hook needs to resemble what people desire to grab people's attention.

Because again, what grabs people's attention is what people care about. If we call out what they care about, what they actively desire right now, that's going to grab their attention. Here's a couple other examples real quick.

You know, just showing like the weight loss thing. All these products are different products, but have the same desire. That's also another thing is that one desire can have thousands of different products and different mechanisms to satisfy that particular desire right there.

So this example right here, this is all around weight loss. I am the skinniest I've been in 20 years. Stay at home, work out for weight loss.

This is how psychology changed her eating habits. All of these go around that desire of weight loss and wanting to be like a smaller size. Now, another big thing you have to understand about desire is that each desire has different market sizes.

So let's say you go after the desire. I don't know, like desire to lose weight before stepping into a bodybuilding competition versus the desire to lose weight before traveling on a cruise. Like those are going to be two different desires and a little bit more like niche down desires.

They're going to have two different audience pockets of people and they're going to need two different types of creatives. There's also have two different like population, like percentage of the people that share that desire. So certain desires are more scalable than others based off just a pure market size of that desire right there.

And I think that's also another big thing people have to understand, because if you're starting to scale up a particular desire that has a very small market cap, you'll run into a cap where it's like, oh, I can't really spin anymore. Testing this desire. Notice desire works, but it's just not really scaling.

Then, boom, guess what? You need to change your desire to something else. Now, you don't need to turn off the ads for the older desire.

You just simply need to launch new ads going after a larger cap of desire and everything like that. So that's a big one. Now, there is permanent desires and trending desires.

Permanent desires can be things like sex appeal, make more money. You know, you want a girlfriend, want a boyfriend, like things like that, like things that are just all the time around. And I've also made a few other examples right here.

Financial freedoms, be admired, respected by others, find true love, deeper connections. Like these are some desires that just what I would say more mass level and that are just all the time year round. Whereas like a trending desire is more short term where it's like for us, we have a couple of clients that do only good four times a year, four times a year.

They make 90% of their revenue and the other rest of the year, the other eight months, they make 10% of their revenue total. And these are gifting products that crush it for Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day and, you know, pretty much Christmas. The rest of the year they suck.

And that's because the trending desire at that time is gift gifting. Gift gifting works really well for those gift shops right there. So in that particular case, that's more of a trending desire.

It's not a permanent desire. People always have. There might be something around like a new product which is launched.

You know, I love Call of Duty. So like for me, like there's a new Call of Duty that's released every October or like early November. So like I don't have that desire for that new game until around that time and that's it.

It's gone. So you have trending desires and then you'll have those permanent desires. That's like all the time going on.

Now, I'm not necessarily opposed to either one. I just need to understand that if I'm scaling my business around gift gifting for Christmas, that it's only going to be here for a short time. We helped the client.

I was doing $30,000 a month. August, September did about $30,000 each that month. October did $300,000 in a single month.

November, they had $3.5 million in a single month. December, they did $2.5 million. And then guess what?

They went and spent almost all their profit on inventory for January, February, and March. And guess what happens? Their business falls down to maybe $1,000 a day in revenue in January.

They did $2.5 million in December. They did about $28,000, $25,000 in January. What's the difference?

The desire shifted. All of their ads and all of their marketing and messaging was around gift gifting. And because of that, they failed going into the next quarter with the desire changing.

Now, yes, they could change the desire they're going after. And that's what they did. But it still didn't have the same power because it was this scenario right here.

The desire for gift giving specifically around their product. So each product you're promoting, some desires just won't even fit that product. And this product right here was a product you just looked at.

You're like, oh, that's a great gift. But I wouldn't buy it any other time of the year. And same thing here.

So they had the rapid effect in this particular case right here with the water and stuff. But they failed when it came down to Q1 because of this. They didn't have any other desires that are strong.

And all the other desires was just like rowing a boat and steal water. It's not necessarily like a bad thing because they still did $6 million in just October, November, December total. But it did suck because they spent a lot of money on new inventory that they would still eventually sell.

But it just sucked a lot because they just blew a lot of their profits on inventory. And they knew it'd be a couple more months before things to start picking back up again. Going a little bit into this.

How do you determine desire? For me, a couple of places I like to determine desire is just simply going through reviews and stuff. As you go through reviews, you can determine more of like the desire, what people want and what are people looking for.

So like here, for example, I just went to a product on Amazon to start screenshotting that. Other things to look at is like going on Reddit. Reddit has been my favorite research source lately.

Reddit is going on TikTok, going and looking at what competitors are pushing specifically around their product and looking at what are the main desires people are going after. That's what I like to look at. And this particular example right here, this person just wants more energy for their workouts.

How do we know energy and stamina when taking pre-workout? Immuno energy provides a subtle but very noticeable increase in energy and stamina when taking pre-workout. Boom.

This person wanted a pillow for side sleepers. As a side and back sleeper, finding the perfect pillow has always been a challenge. So this one, this one was more struggling for problem than like an actual desire.

But you could definitely tell like, hey, like this is what they were looking for. Here's another one. It definitely makes your fingernails so much stronger.

I had nails that easily broke. Not anymore. So this person wanted stronger nails.

So they would stop breaking basically. And then yeah, just a couple of things for market research. Where is this applied?

This is a big one right here. And just to go more clearly into this. This is like I said, this is going to be the creative you're putting on Facebook.

So like for example, this particular client right here, their desire we're going after, which was gifting. And we had to visually show that from a gifting perspective, but also to call out that gifting right there. That's a big one.

That's a big one. Here's one right here where we're showing that desire of looking skinny and happy relationship and stuff. And also calling that out right there, that particular desire.

This one right here, stay at home workout for weight loss. They want weight loss. And then we're just introducing a new mechanism and we're showcasing that that desired state right there.

So these are great examples of those particular desires being called out from a text perspective, but also to a visual perspective, because they're both needing to be done. I find that the text hook is always going to create the visual hook. So I always create my text hook first.

Then I ask myself, how can I visually articulate this? And just to finish this off, let's just go over a few different desires that, you know, I just kind of recently posted on Twitter right here. Here to feel confident in their own skin, to have financial freedom, to be admired or respected by others.

And in fact, actually, let's just give a scenario for each one. I think all of us watching on this channel, like I know for me, like when I was younger, I used to be like overweight. And when I was overweight and when I was younger, I used to be like the kid that would go wear like a fucking T-shirt when I go swimming because I didn't feel confident in my own skin.

You know, I felt fat, felt overweight. And all I wanted at that time was to feel confident, to be able to take my shirt off and feel confident. Financial freedom.

Again, I'm going to relate this back to me. I remember back in the day when, you know, my bank account was overdrafted, which basically just means that money was pulled on my account. I didn't have.

And like I had, I think, 20 bucks in my wallet that had to last me like the next two or three days before like a client paid me. And that time was just my detailing business. So clients were paying me 100, $200 a car.

So like I was living like car to car, like $100 for a detail that lost me, you know, a week maybe. And then like I have shit like that. And like all the time I wanted right there was just that financial freedom and be able to go and like purchase things without even looking at it.

And that was financial freedom to me, not to stress about any of that. To be admired or respected by others. How many times we've been in conversations with people and, you know, every time you start to talk, someone else talks over you.

And like in that particular moment right there, you just want respect and, you know, be heard amongst people. True love. How many times we've gone through a breakup and it's like, you know, or you've dated people that's just like, eh, but you want that deeper thing.

And that's where, you know, that true love, deeper connection stems from. Be their own boss. A lot of y'all watching this YouTube channel are likely own your own Shopify store or run your own Facebook ads agency.

And you added a moment where you were working a nine to five and you want it to be your own boss. Now you're here. Give yourself a pat on the back because that's a huge accomplishment for yourself.

Have more energy, vitality. Look, I have a long day of filming. I want more energy.

That's why I drove to my C4. Travel the world, look fit and attractive to make a difference in the world, to live without stress or worry. All of these are different desires that people have across the marketplace.

And there's there's infinite amount of desires as well. It's not like it's just these desires. I know there's like the life force eight, which is also something to check out.

The life force eight are like the eight core desires everyone has. And I think that's a good start for a lot of people. But what I find with that is that if you go too over the top of the desire and call out like, oh, like, because like technically you can link any of those life force eight to anything that you you're promoting.

And it's like like one of them is desire for like sex or something like that. And it's like, oh, I can link it to this product. And it's like, okay, that's a little crazy.

So if you link it to a product and there's not a strong like, oh, that makes sense or like a strong here's how this product helps you achieve that thing answered. Then what happens is people don't look at that particular mechanism, a mechanism. All that is, is your product.

Like this is a mechanism for me getting more energy. So if I look at that mechanism and I'm like, hey, that doesn't look like it gives me the energy I want or that doesn't look like it would do anything for me. I have this one student right now that's doing that exact thing.

They're selling a product that people look at and like, I don't think that does that thing that you're calling out and they don't believe that then a you have to show a lot of proof in your creative. And that's something we're going to get deeper into this advanced guide, which is proof market awareness, market sophistication, which we're going to be doing in the next video. So in the last video, we covered mass desire and how important it is with connecting with your audience to grab their attention.

Now, in today's video, we're going to be going over market sophistication. And basically what this means is it's the competitiveness of each market you go after. Every desire you go after has a different level of market sophistication.

Now, what is market sophistication? Market sophistication just means that, hey, this particular desire, one person selling a product around that desire. Whereas this particular desire, 500 people are selling a product around that.

When there's more people targeting that same desire, selling similar products, what happens is that it's more competitive. And when it's more competitive, it costs a lot more to acquire a customer. And you're going to have to spend a lot more on ads to get a customer, which means that you're going to have a lower ROAS, higher cost per purchase, and it's be harder to be profitable.

So with market sophistication, this is a strategy we deploy to be able to address that competitiveness and give you a playbook of how to, you know, all right, hey, everyone's doing this. Here's what you need to do next. So great example is right here.

This is a great example of a desire for losing fat. And everyone is calling out that desire to lose fat. So what happens here is it makes it very difficult for people to pick a box.

Whereas if we go to this stage of market sophistication, lose fat, lose fat. Oh, this person saying lose 18 pounds in four weeks. I want to go with this person because it's a clear choice.

It's a different thing. And it's also a little bit more exaggerated. It's a little bit more better.

And that case right there. Now, by time that happens, everyone starts saying the same thing again. That's when we have to play the next, you know, piece.

If you're into not necessarily puzzles, but chess, it's a great example of like chess right here. We're always want to be one step forward from the competition. So here everyone's saying the same thing.

And then guess what? First wonder drug for losing. And it's first wonder drug for losing weight.

We're introducing a new mechanism. Now with market sophistication, there is literally going to be five different stages of market sophistication. And the first stage of market sophistication is just, hey, you're first to the market.

All you have to do is simply state the claim. Losing weight is extremely competitive. There's been millions of people, hundreds of thousands of brands and businesses that's called that out over the last century or two of basically advertising.

So you would never just say how to lose weight on social media because it's already extremely competitive market with tons of brands advertising to that particular desire. So at a stage one, though, that is what you're saying. So if you ever enter into a new market or a new desires developed, for example, an iOS 14.5 hit and everyone lost their data between Facebook and Shopify and the reporting was terribly off.

It's like, hey, I want something that's going to you know, I want something that's going to give me clear data again. And it's like, boom, here you go. Attribution software wicked reports.

That's it. It's all wicked reports have to say. Then things like Hyros came out and Triple Wall came out.

And then, you know, we saw a lot of ads from like Alex Becker, for example, where Alex Becker was really pushing hard on the, you know, like one simple tool, one simple script that's going to fix data 100% between boom and boom. Or, hey, I think he did a couple of them where I was like, if this doesn't add X to your business, then like, boom, we're going to like give you a full refund because he had to start stepping into a stage two where like wicked reports was stepping in stage one. Hyros had to start stepping into stage two to be one up triple well or wicked reports from that sense.

Then like triple well came out, which we'll get to a little bit in triple well because triple well does have its unique place in the market sophistication world. So at a stage one market sophistication, there is no other products around this desire. Great, a great way to figure this out for yourself is whatever desire you want to market towards.

Look it up on Reddit. Look it up on YouTube. Look at it on TikTok.

And there should be no way to satisfy that desire. If there's a way to satisfy that desire currently, then guess what? You're not in a stage one market sophistication.

Now, next one, stage two and stage two is where we just want to simply exaggerated. So great examples here. Stage one, stage two, stage two is just lose 18 pounds in four weeks.

Looking at Facebook ads niche as a whole, I got my start 2015 with Facebook ads. And I think Facebook ad agencies start to kind of kick off around that time. Back then stage one sophistication.

Hey, let me run your Facebook ads. That's it. Because no business owners were on Facebook yet.

They weren't running Facebook ads yet. And the whole goal was just simply find something I can run my Facebook ads. But after someone's worked with a couple of Facebook ad agencies and they've gotten burned on the sense of like, oh, they lost more money than made me money.

Now, stage two sophistication is, hey, I'm going to run your Facebook ads for 30 days. And if you don't make back X amount of money, you get a full refund. Now, all of a sudden we enlarged on the claim further.

That was our lose 18 pounds in four weeks. Or, hey, we'll run your Facebook ads for 30 days and make you back at least $10,000 or we'll work for free until we do so. That's again, that's a larger claim than just, hey, I'll run your Facebook ads.

So you're just simply taking that and moving it and enlarging it more. Now, one thing that people misunderstand with this is that, oh, hey, Nick, why don't you just go straight to enlarge into claim on day one? The reason why, if you open up a new market and the reason why you don't want to enlarge on claim day one, because you don't understand yet the frustrations people had at a stage one.

So when a stage one, for example, lose fat and you don't really understand yet what people are like frustrated with, with the current solution. So with the Facebook side, once everyone start pitching agencies, then the whole desire of a guarantee was created. The whole desire of I need at least a certain number guaranteed to me was created by clients.

The clients created that desire after getting burned by agencies. Now we actually have a desire that we can go after. Because again, as an advertiser, you can't create desire, but you can call desire out that already exists in the marketplace.

So same thing here with the Facebook ad agency side. Once those agencies burn those clients in the 2015, 2016, and now clients are getting smarter of like, hey, I want to guarantee. Then boom, there we go.

Now that's when guarantees. Hey, I'll run your Facebook ads completely for free for 30 days. And if I don't make you at least one dollar, I'll pay you a thousand dollars.

It's like what? All these crazy claims are coming out because of that desire created by clients. Now, the next key thing here to understand is that if you keep on large on a claim too much, what happens here is you'll actually go ahead and get to a point of unbelievable claims.

So for example, it's kind of well known upon Facebook ads that three X, two to three X row ass is the standard for majority of niches. But if someone's running around and promoting a hundred X row ass and, you know, spend a thousand dollars with me, I'll make you a hundred thousand dollars back with a thousand dollars in Facebook ad spend. That's extremely unbelievable.

Yes. They enlarged on a claim, but it's so unbelievable by the marketplace that people will just skip past them and say scam, et cetera. So it's also another big thing when we're looking at running any of our ads, if we make too big of a claim, like, for example, a student reach out to me who's like doing this ebook.

And basically it's like a hundred dollar ebook and they promote it like, hey, you buy this hundred dollar ebook. You're going to be driving a Ferrari. You're going to be getting millions of views on social media, all of these things.

And the audience that it was targeting with people that just got started with creating content for Instagram. So it was such a big, crazy claim that it was unbelievable and no one was buying. So then it was like, hey, go from that to more.

Hey, I'm going to help you with 28 viral hooks that you're going to get in this ebook. That's going to help you get more views on your social media. It's less, but it's more impactful and they have a more clear, tangible.

They're going to get from it and it's a lower level claim. And that's what we're going to get into next, which is introducing new mechanisms. So stage three, we went through stage two, stage three.

It's not just, hey, let's keep enlarging on the claim. And again, the claim is going to be your hook and kind of how you position your service in the marketplace. So for a stage three here, we're just simply introducing a new mechanism.

So stage two, everyone was enlarging on the claim. So stage three, they just simply go ahead and introduce a new mechanism. A new mechanism is calling out something where you're doing feature first, then benefit in the headline or the hook.

Whereas stage one and two, you're doing benefit first, then the feature or the mechanism. So here, great example. I was on social media one day.

I posted a thing on Instagram reels where it was like a picture of a Facebook ad account. And I put Facebook ads finally took off once I discovered emotion baiting. People never heard of the mechanism called emotion baiting.

And I called out something new people want it while also going ahead and showing them what they wanted. So the visual itself of seeing a crazy Facebook ads dashboard with a lot of success, that was what they wanted. And I just simply call the fact that I did this with emotion baiting.

At this given time, no one knew what emotion baiting was. So this was my unique mechanism that separated me from everyone else. There's a lot of YouTubers that are in the Facebook ads niche.

And I know a lot of you guys that watch this channel ought to watch those YouTubers and stuff. My unique mechanism in the Facebook ads marketplace and everything like that is the whole simple fact that I go ahead and actually break down these core marketing fundamentals and not some shit where it's like, here's how to set up a campaign. Because those are things you've already seen.

So for me, it's what's the new mechanism that I can bring to the table that's going to separate me from everyone else. While still calling out the same thing. And through these marketing fundamentals is a new mechanism introduced into your brain that gives you a new hope.

That's the big thing with a new mechanism. It's giving people a new hope. We see this a lot in dating where like someone will go ahead and like, you know, date, date around and like they keep getting burnt, burnt and burnt.

And like, they're like, hey, I'm never going to date this type of person again. And then the exact same person comes around again, but like they're different and like by one little thing. And they're like, ah, but they're unique with this one thing right here.

That's the unique mechanism right there. It's a new promise. It's a sense of new hope.

This was something right here. I screenshot it all the way back from 2022. This is actually by Social Savannah.

And this is actually a way for me to actually understand a unique mechanism or a new mechanism being introduced into the marketplace. And basically Social Savannah said, hey, like I'm testing these advanced shopping campaigns. I'm seeing them perform better than the manual campaigns.

Yeah, that's literally all she said. And I saw so many people in the comments on this Twitter post like, hey, Facebook ads are terrible for me. I can't wait to give this try.

I hope this helps me out. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Basically, just a whole bunch of people that were hurt and like in pain with Facebook ads.

Look at this and be like, oh, shit. This is a new hope. It's a new possibility and reality that this could actually work for me.

And that was the definition of introducing a new mechanism. That's why Meta introduces all these crazy new updates or new mechanisms to get people excited again. And to spend more money again on the platform, even if they're not fully functional or fully work and stuff.

This is another one right here where I basically just called out the fact that like, hey, I use ChatGPT to skyrocket our Facebook ad creative output. So I called out what people want it, which is to test more Facebook ads. And I just simply introduced a new mechanism, which is using ChatGPT to test more Facebook ads.

This is right when like ChatGPT really started to come out and started being promoted. So it blew up. I mean, at 1,400 people like comment on this.

And then here's just like some other stuff right here around new mechanisms going into it. Now, let's go to stage four, which is the same thing. We look at stage one to stage two.

Now we're just looking at stage three to stage four. So stage three is almost like saying a base claim. Stage four, we're basically just enlarging on that claim again.

At a stage four, we just simply want to offer more, remove things people hate. So in stage four, for example, or stage three, we introduced the idea of testing new creatives. This is a big thing around Facebook ads and stuff where I was like, hey, you need to start creative testing.

Creative testing helps you get better results with Facebook ads. That's a new mechanism introduced to get better success with Facebook ads. Stage four, we just simply want to look at, okay, well, if people are testing Facebook ads, that's the new mechanism introduced.

What is a faster mechanism against the same mechanism, but faster? So, or cheaper or, you know, removing things people hate. So if people are testing creatives, then something faster could be like how to find a new winning creative for your Facebook ad account in under 30 days or in 24 hours.

All I'm simply doing is just calling out the mechanism people are doing and just simply highlighting a more faster one in that sense, or a cheaper one or a simpler one or without something people hate. That's a stage four right there. Now stage five, this is where we want to start looking at identity marketing.

And basically all we're looking at is we're calling out our market of people that we're going after. So like, let's say Facebook ads, for example, if we go back to 2015, it's just, hey, let me run your Facebook ads. Hey, let me run your Facebook ads.

Then obviously from a positioning perspective, I can look at it as a stage two. Okay, cool. Well, look, I'll run your Facebook ads 30 days.

And if you don't beat your current performance, I'll give you a thousand dollars. That's a stage two. Stage three.

Hey, let me run my blitz advertising Facebook ad strategy. That's crushing it for all of our clients. I'm introducing a new mechanism.

Stage four might be like blitz advertising strategy without testing creatives. A stage five. I might just say, hey, like I don't want to improve my mechanism or anything like that.

I'm just going to simply go after a sub group of people. So like in the Facebook ads particular niche, you have the overall arching structure of Facebook ads. Then you have the different types of niches or, you know, types of business types.

So you have e-commerce, you have personal brands, you have local service businesses. And then from there, you can go a level deeper. So if e-com brands, you have supplements, you have clothing, you have gift shops.

So let's say supplements, for example, I run Facebook ads for e-com supplement brands. Now you can even go a step further in that. Because supplement brands that can be positioned in health and beauty.

That could be, you know, for weight loss. That could be for like skin care. And then you can go even a step further.

I help supplement. I help e-commerce supplement brands and the skin care niche boost their revenue with Facebook ads. If someone is looking, if someone runs a skin care brand in the e-commerce world and they see your proposal and it's like, hey, we specifically work with e-commerce brands and the skin care niche.

Like all of those things versus just I help you run your Facebook ads. The more specific one is going to crush. Now, the reason why we don't go super specific and identity right away is because the market's not big enough yet to go specific in the identity.

So that's why it moves up as the market grows. As more and more people are getting into the market, there's enough skin care niches now to build a business around. There's enough people out there selling energy drinks to build a Facebook ad agency specifically around energy drinks.

I know people that run Facebook ad agencies specifically only dealing with cannabis stores. And guess what? They're the obvious choice amongst everyone else because they're specific to that one customer avatar.

They only serve that customer avatar. We saw this with Under Armour, Gymshark and Alphalete. Under Armour just had very vague like, hey, sportswear clothing and stuff.

Gymshark came out to go to a sub niche within the Under Armour niche, which was people who just work out because Under Armour was kind of just everything. Then guess what? Gymshark crushed it.

And then Alphalete came around. And instead of trying to compete with Gymshark, Alphalete was like, well, I want to go after the specific business owners and people that dream more and learn more and all that good stuff from an Alphalete. And that's how they segmented that particular niche of people within that Gymshark niche.

So you have to look at market sophistication as a positioning tool. And you want to first look at what the market is now. And you have to determine at what stage do you want to compete in?

Because you may not have a new mechanism. You may not have a better mechanism. So you have to go niche all the way down from one and jump all the way to five.

You may have something new to introduce to the marketplace. For me, that was marketing fundamentals. And that's what, you know, really separated my YouTube channel from everyone else on the marketplace, because I went deep into this marketing psychology that no one else was covering.

So all of this becomes more important and it's more like I said, a chess match is how you need to look at market sophistication. Where's that body at now? Let's test one up above it, or we maybe everyone's out of one, but we can't compete at one above.

So let's go to a stage five right away. So you can jump to a stage right away. That is, that is definitely it.

Also another thing for stage five, when you're focusing on identity, everything needs to be built around that. Great example is looking at Black Rifle Coffee Company with, you know, it's been evaluated over a billion dollars where they had, you know, all the other coffee brands. And then the founder of Black Rifle Coffee Company noticed that no coffee brands were specifically for military people.

So he went create Black Rifle Coffee Company because he saw all the people in the military drinking coffee, but no one had a military specific brand for coffee. He didn't have, he didn't reinvent the coffee. Coffee was the same.

He just simply made all the branding and everything, the product packaging, the website, all the content specifically around the military people. And that made it the obvious choice for people in the military and military enthusiasts. So that's how you need to be looking at the stage five market sophistication right there.

Now, how do you actually determine market sophistication? Here's a couple of things to look out for. Step number one, just write down the name of your product.

What's the problem it solves or maybe the desire you're going after or the symptom you're going after? Yeah, it's also another key thing you have to look at is, you know, what are you particularly going after? As mentioned, there's some desires to go after that are not sophisticated and they're like a stage one.

There's some desires to go after it's extremely sophisticated like the weight loss niche. So that's number one. Number two, all you want to simply do is just go basically find the same competitors selling the same product as you.

If there's other people selling the same product as you, that's where you really want to look at like a stage four sophistication where it's all right. Well, what are you doing better than them and that people care about? Now, the next thing is you want to go and list the competitors solving the same problem or desire as you.

But they're a different they're not selling the same product, though. So, for example, for me in the Facebook ads niche, it's very sophisticated. There's a lot of other Facebook ad agencies selling Facebook ads as a service.

So that's one. That's my direct competitors. My indirect competitors are going to be people like Google ads, SEO, TikTok ads, email marketing, these other things that help businesses grow with advertising.

So for me, I can go in and introduce a new mechanism for the Facebook ads niche. I can go introduce or I can go be a better Facebook ads agency or I can go ahead and play in like that stage five sophistication. That's all going to be key things right there.

I can look at from a competitive advantage. And then basically, I think you all that research writing all that down again. If there's other people selling the same product as you and there's other people solving the same problem as you are solving the same desires you.

You're in a more sophisticated market. Now you have to look at where do you want to play at is where you want to look at next. Again, my goal is always to be one stage above.

So we've gone over things like desire. We've gone over things like market sophistication. And there's one more last key thing we need to understand before we can actually start going ahead and actually like writing our hooks for our ads.

And this is called market awareness. Market awareness is how far or how close someone is to your product itself. There's people that are super unaware to your product, which basically means they're going through life totally fine as is.

And the only difference here is that we need to go ahead and create a problem for them and then create that desire for them. Then there's other people that are going through life that are more solution aware, which directly understand what they want. They directly like, hey, this is what I'm looking for.

And all I have to do is introduce the product that create that. So we're going to be going through those five stages of market awareness. And this is important to understand because it allows us to look at the five stages of market awareness from the perspective of what's the funnel we need inside of our business, specifically our ad account with all the different type of ads we need to create.

It also allows me to understand of when we start writing our creative one after we have our desire, our mark sophistication want to compete in. But also to it allows me to understand what's the flow the ad needs to go through. If it's a market that's really unaware, there's a lot more flows out to go through that ad than say an aware market of people, for example.

So looking at this, these are the five stages aware, product aware, solution aware, problem aware, unaware. I don't aware side right here is just the smallest one. It's going to be the easiest one to sell to, but it's going to make you the least amount of money.

Super easy to sell to, but least amount of money. This one right here, unaware is extremely hard to sell to, but it's going to make you the most money when you crack it. Now, anytime I'm running ads inside of an account, I always start off with that aware side and then I move all the way up to unaware.

Now, at an unaware stage or at an aware stage, these are people that want to buy from you, but they're waiting for the right price. So what do I mean by that? This is people who've already seen all your ads.

They've already been to your website. They literally are 100% sold on your product. They just need some urgency to kind of kick them to move them forward.

So great examples here. I like to take whatever offer I have on my website right now and just simply go ahead and just read like redo it as and like rebrand it as whatever like I'm pushing currently. So like for example, spring sale, new sale, all of those things.

Next one is just an offer ending soon. So I'll launch those aware ads with my offer. Here's another type of aware ad where just the offers ending soon, just a last call.

I'll launch both this ad and this ad is exactly the same time. And then I'm just saying things like ending soon. So that way it's like, hey, I'm not saying it directly.

Hey, it ends in 24 hours and run it for 365 days of the year. I'm just simply saying it ends soon because that can be very perspective driven of wouldn't soon. Next one is if we have a low stock, I'm literally going to say that.

So like, for example, this particular client right here has these custom built things and they were low on stock. So I literally just created an ad basically saying that, hey, we only had a limited left. Again, only ethical if you actually have like stock legitly running out.

Next one is just simply new designs at it where it's not necessary urgency to increase that urgency side, but it's just to simply showcase like other products on the site that are exactly what they've already sold on. We're just simply showcasing some other designs around there. Now the ad flow for an aware ad is just simply just calling out the offer and that's it.

Now next stage is product aware and our product aware is just a second size of like the five stages of market awareness. And this one right here are people that senior ads, they've seen your product, but they're just not sold yet. They still need some trust built up with you.

They still have some unanswered questions, unanswered objections. And our goal here is just to simply call those things out. So here this particular brand right here sells these custom seats for motorcycles.

And a lot of people I like various different questions around it. So I went, I went, look at all the Facebook comments. I took the top five most common questions and I had a girl film one video of each question.

Favorite way to go after this is by using the tick tock reply to comment feature, have that question, film that video and move on. So we film like five to 10 videos around the questions and each video has a different question. And all we do is simply address that question and answer it to make it easier for people to understand what's like, hey, now that you're going to be a little bit.

Like, hey, now that you answered my question, it's easy for me to move forward now. Next one is objections. This is a really great ad that I first discovered a couple of years ago where it's this pet insurance brand.

And they called out the simple fact that pet insurance is a scam because that was a common objection that people had across the market. And they just simply had this girl address that objection, showcase why that objection is not true. And then there you go.

That's it. So again, if you have objections towards your products, you'll see these in the comments on Facebook ads, all of those things. And then you'll just simply go grab that objection, answer it and move on.

Testimonial. A lot of people fuck up with testimonials because they either go from one extreme to the other. They'll either use some bullshit like great product in the testimonial.

Whereas like literally that's all I'll say. Just be like great product, Jenny P. The other thing that people fuck up with testimonials is that they'll go to the other side where it's like, you know, hey, drinking the C4 energy drink allowed me to build a seven figure marketing agency, buy a Lamborghini and all that good stuff.

I highly recommend it's so over the top that people are going to look at you and think you're a scammer because it's so unbelievable to the average consumer in that particular case right there. So you want to be right in the middle. Here's a great example right here.

Makes my closet so much neater for these organizational things that we authority. So this is the next stage of like product where ads you can run. There's three different types of authority.

The first type of authority is just simply calling out the fact that, hey, I have 10 years of experience running Facebook ads and this blah, blah, blah works so well. The other type of authority is social influence as a YouTuber with 50,000 subscribers or with from teaching people how to run Facebook ads. Here's what I recommend.

And in the last type of authority is a job description as a lawyer, as a doctor, like things that people specifically look at. Now, not everyone has the budget to pay a lawyer or pay a doctor to endorse their product. So for me, it's important to look at what are other ways we can leverage authority.

Maybe we can't leverage influence. Maybe we can't leverage job description. So the thing we're going to go after is more of the aspect of experience.

This example right here, this particular client, we just use someone with 500,000 Instagram followers. We paid her to do a video of our product right there. Now, the last one is other products similar.

So at a product or a stage, you have to imagine that they have your website and all your competitors websites pulled up side by side by side, comparing all the same product and trying to figure out which one they want to go with. Back when I bought this house about a year ago, over a year and a half ago, I was buying this new TV for my living room. And it was the first time I bought a TV in probably five years.

And I remember I had five different TVs, all exactly the same size from five different brands, pulled up my screen. I'm just comparing the stats of each one to figure out which one I wanted to go at. Where a lot of people fuck up at is they talk bad about the competitor from an emotional perspective.

You want to talk bad about the competitor in a logical perspective. The difference here is let's just say, for example, this iPhone has a 15 or 16 megapixel camera. LG or Samsung could say, well, ours has a 20 megapixel camera and literally can say iPhone 15 megapixels, LG 20 megapixels.

You're not saying things from an emotional perspective. You're saying things from a logical perspective. All logical information that can be found on the manufacturer website.

It's important here you not go to the emotional side because how many of you have friends or people you know that's just always talking bad about people? And then they tell you something important and you're just like, I don't really believe that guy. He's always talking shit about people or talking about people.

So you want to make sure you refrain it from a logical side that's clear for anyone to see on their manufacturer's websites. If you're going to create an ad about someone else. So other products similar, it's super important right there to understand.

Now that's going to be your product or ads. Again, you're just going to basically go after one of those angles, you know, call off the question, answer the question. By the way, here's our spring sell offer.

Boom, done. And then you can do that with any one of these five right here. Now solution aware, we're starting to move up in what I call the first stages of cold traffic.

Product aware and aware or more remarketing traffic. Now I'm still going to run those in my CBO campaign going after cold audiences because Facebook is going to take that content in that ad and target people based off their awareness stage in the account. So I don't need to go set up a remarketing audience, but I can't upload those remarketing ads to a cold audience and Facebook automatically do remarketing for me.

Now for solution aware, problem aware and unaware. These are more of our cold traffic ads, which is reaching a cold audience of people. So in this particular stage, these are people who want what your product does, but don't know what the product is yet.

This is where we need to call out what they want, then introduce our product. So going back to that bridge example I made in desire chapter where we actually literally go ahead and just call it the simple fact of like, hey, people want to cross the bridge, but it's dark. It's murky and all those things like that.

And they're scared. This is the basically that bridge example right there. So we want to call out what they want and then show them that product.

This is a great example right here where we called out the desire for a fun girls night. And then we just simply introduced this product here. We, hey, you want this fun night?

Here you go. Here's a product that will give you that night. We just simply call that what people want and then show them the product that can help them achieve that.

Now, next one is called a faster solution. Here's a product we're working with for one of our clients. And basically the traditional way to like side in like a firearm or like a scope is to like manually go to the range and like spend time doing like round for round and stuff like that.

So people wanted a faster way to side in their scope. So all I simply do is just call out. Here's a faster way to guide in your scope.

And then boom, here's a product to achieve that. Here's a cheaper solution. I think a lot of people make the mistake of thinking, oh, hey, I don't want my brain to be seen as cheaper.

It's going to devalue it. That's actually false. I want people to see my brain as cheaper relative to another solution, not another product, another solution, because this makes the reality of me buying a lot easier here.

So in this example here, when this Pilates bar became a better trainer than your overpriced gym coach. So we're just simply calling the fact that, hey, this Pilates bars is a cheaper solution than an overpriced gym coach. Very simple.

It's a cheaper solution we introduced. Now, here's a simpler solution. Simpler solution just means that, hey, it's not necessarily easy.

I guess you could say easy is another way to say that. This is a great example from AG one right here where it's like, hey, here's 25, 30 different vitamins you're taking now. Oh, you have to buy all these each month.

Maybe go to the store and pick them up. How about just getting that in one powder you take every morning when you wake up? It's a simpler solution.

Now, here's another one. Call out a solution without what they hate. It's actually funny because when I was trying to grow my agency back in like 2017, 2018, I was like sending hundreds of cold emails every single day to build my agency and stuff.

And what happened was, is I remember seeing an ad one day how to build and how to scale your Facebook ads agency without sending cold emails. I immediately clicked on that ad because I hated sending cold emails every day. So when you call out what they want without what they currently doing that they hate, it strikes this newness to it that makes people want to click.

So here's a great example right here for one of our clients where we called out, hey, you'll get tipsy. That's what they want without the sip because they didn't want to be drinking alcohol anymore. Now for here, all we simply want to do is just call out that solution.

Basically, go ahead and answer those objections, questions, social proof, all of those things. And then show that offer. Now, stage four is problem where these are people that have a problem and they just that's it.

They're struggling for problem. They want to be done with this problem. They don't want to benefit.

They want a product. They just want to stop dealing with this problem. Here's a great example right here.

We called out the problem of being lazy and we just introduced this thing, you know, anti lazy elixir. I've seen this before in like the 60 plus niche with people selling like knee joint products or it's like bad knees question mark. And then boom, they introduced this type of solution and stuff like that around it.

So another great example right there. Here's one right here where it is simply called out the problem, but a faster way to solve the problem. So again, very similar to solution aware.

We're just simply calling out that problem and then going ahead and just introducing that new solution. So this is actually a video ad right here. And this is like two or three seconds in.

So it's not the full thing. But in this particular video ad right here, we just basically called out a cheaper way to solve the problem. So this was for some underwear specifically for bladder leaks for women 60 plus.

And what we did was is we called out bladder leaks question mark. Here's how to solve it without surgery or medication because it was very expensive from all of our market research. People were tired of that of using surgery or medication because it was really expensive.

And we just simply want to solve, you know, showcase a cheaper way to solve that problem. Now, the next one is call out a simple, simpler way to solve that problem. So here we just simply called out the problem and we just call the fact that this is the easiest way.

I wouldn't say it's probably the best way to showcase it, but it was one of them that worked well for us. Now, this is actually something funny because I had to put it here because I want to show what happens to y'all when you disrespect these. So all I did was call out the problem with what without what they hate.

So I just did. I put this thing on Twitter, which is just one of my YouTube videos. I re upload to Twitter.

I said, do this to fix bad Facebook performance. I called out a problem people had and I just simply called the fact that, um, hey, like, you know, watch this video and boom. Now this person right here, like basically just said, said like, hey, they already knew that's probably just about something wrong, making better creatives.

So if I really wanted to like make this pop better, I could say do this to fix bad Facebook performance without testing new creatives. And I could just made it pop a little bit better. Add flow will call out the problem.

We'll introduce the solution. We'll go through that product to our stage and then the offer stage. Now, next stage is the stage five, which is the unaware, which again, this would be the largest one.

This is the hardest one to sell to. And then this one is also where the most money is made. Now, just to restate this again, in any time we take on a new account, whether they've spent a dollar on advertising or spent nothing on advertising, we're starting off at aware and just testing all stages.

I'm not testing a stage until it works. I'm just creating ads for that stage and moving on. I'm not sitting there and staying at a stage.

I'm moving through all of these. So these are people are going life normally, and it's your goal to create a problem and need for a product. Here's a great example.

One of my favorite unaware ads that I first discovered, it's this particular product and it's showing a symptom, which is like a kid crying in a store and calling out a symptom, which is stressed mom. This is a great example right here of something that just like makes moms like, oh, my God, like I would hate to have that particular scenario. They call out this symptom.

Then they go into the problem, which is hidden hunger, then go into the solution, which is a multivitamin for kids and then the product aware and aware stage. So that's the key thing here with that video. Next one's a big win.

This particular client right here, they were just helping people like lower their electric electric bill. And because people weren't directly going out there and trying to find a way to lower the electric bill, it's just kind of like something they were just like, oh, whatever. I'm just going to accept the fact that I have a high electric bill.

This is a great example of a big win where we were helping people lower their electric bill. And then the reason why it's considered unaware because it wasn't something directly people were trying to solve. So what we did at this particular stage is here's how I'll lower your electric bill.

The problem, which was your ACs running all day. The solution, which is sealing up your attic space with insulation, then product aware that particular client's company and then aware. Then here's one for hidden fear.

I can't go too deep into this one because we're an NDA, but I can at least show you all this part right here. We're just calling out a particular market and we're using a hidden fear of owing money to people. And then we go into the problem it solves.

Then we go to the solution and then boom, right there. And again, ad flow for this big winner, hidden fear, diagnose the problem, introduce solution, answer those questions, objections, questions, increase trust, offer. Now for this, here's just some other examples right here.

We went over the solution and stuff. I know we were kind of went over this in the video around desire, but this is going to be a lot of where your solution aware state is. To look fit and attractive, to feel confident in their own skin.

So to feel confident in their own skin. That's a stage one market sophistication. And we're calling out the desire and we're calling out the solution aware.

Whereas, say, for example, if we're going after solution aware stage two market sophistication. Here's how to feel confident in your own skin within 30 days or you get your money back. Then there's stage three, which is introduce a new mechanism.

So solution aware, but introducing a new mechanism. ABC is getting people to feel confident in their own skin. ABC would just be the name of that new mechanism.

People never heard of that mechanism before it strikes new hope. And then stage four, then stage five from a market sophistication side, all around solution aware. Now problems, these are actual problems people are facing.

And this is your problem aware stage. So if you're struggling with low self-esteem, boom, that's the problem. Are you living paycheck to paycheck?

If so, here's a way you can add extra money to your bank account through Facebook ads agency, you know, and then introducing that solution for that. So you just simply go through these problems. You start off with a problem like, hey, are you living paycheck to paycheck?

I remember when I used to do that. Like it sucks so bad. I remember this one time, like couldn't even, you know, buy a burger.

Luckily, I found this thing called Facebook ads agency. And here's all the cool things allow me to do, blah, blah, blah. Then you have the symptoms.

Hey, if you can't sleep at night, that's a sign you have obesity. If you have obesity, the easiest way to solve that is by losing weight desire. One of my favorite ways to lose weight right now is using the keto diet.

Well, that's technically the solution right there. Then going to product wear and aware stage. So these are more of the symptom sides.

Can't sleep at night. Clothes don't fit right. Almost tired or low energy.

Avoid social situations. Constantly checking bank account. Symptoms, problems, desires.

Now I'm not going to go off the product aware or aware and show you examples because I already showed you examples. And those are going to be more specific to what your audience is asking you for that stage right there. So next video we're going to be diving now into is actually doing some research, being able to diagnose our market here, write some ads using desire, market awareness, and market sophistication all put in play to you.

All put in play together. So let's go ahead and see what we're going to do. Let's go ahead and see what we're going to do.

Let's go ahead and see what we're going to do.