What's going on guys, welcome back to the channel. My name is Nick Terrio and over the next seven days, I'll be releasing four videos around a Facebook ads advance guide. This will be focusing more on the creative aspect for Facebook ads of how we actually go out there and position products and services inside of the marketplace, leveraging creatives in the specific fundamentals that we follow.

I'll be showing you what these fundamentals are, these marketing fundamentals, how they make you more money, and also too, how to actually do the examples, like actually taking a product and running some examples with it. And I'll be showing you guys all of that over the next week. So four part series.

So make sure you hit that subscribe button to stay basically in touch when each video is uploaded. And without further ado, let's dive into video number one. So the first marketing fundamental that we're gonna be talking about today is Mass Desire.

Now, Mass Desire, I've seen this literally take brands from $100 a day to multiple thousands of dollars a day in revenue. I've seen it take brands from 300K a month to literally $3.5 million a month. I've seen some really powerful stuff with Mass Desire.

And I see so many markers, especially beginners get this wrong because they don't focus on it at all. They're just like, hey, here's my product. So today we're gonna be talking about Mass Desire, how you can actually apply it to your business and your product and your creative.

And, you know, first thing I want you to think about is this particular like raft right here. And, you know, this whitewater rafting, you know, the water looks pretty rough. It's shooting people down this mountain right here.

Now, next thing is look at this water. It's very steel. You know, people look like they have to paddle and like move the boat and stuff like that.

And that's the difference with Mass Desire. If you have a very strong desire across the marketplace, all you have to do is set your ads up and they take off. If you're focusing on a weak desire in the marketplace, your boat just sits there and you have to paddle and you just, you have to do all this work and get little to nowhere.

So what is desire? Desire is hopes, dreams, fears, wants, and needs of your market. And desire makes your market.

For example, the number of people who have the desire to scale their Facebook ads, the desire to find new winning creatives, the desire to, you know, like get a girlfriend, for example. And the wrong desire will substantially weaken your scaling potential. So if you go after the desire of, I don't know, something weird, like desire to hook up with as many girls as possible, when the reality is your market wants to desire finding a beautiful wife, then that's going to negatively or positively impact you depending on what your market wants.

Now, people do not buy what your product does. They buy who your product helps them become. In other words, they buy the transformation.

So I always like to look at desire as well as who are people becoming, who people desire to become. For example, if you desire to scale your Facebook ads, what do you really desire? Do you desire to actually become a successful shop by store owner?

Do you desire status? Do you desire money? Who's that other person you desire when you come?

So when I'm researching, I also want to understand what's the image in people's head about who they're trying to become. Now, how does this affect Facebook ads? This determines your ads from being profitable and smashing through revenue barriers or floating lifelessly.

Again, we showed you the examples of the two rafts, one just flying down the mountain and the other one just sitting there and do all this work to move it. This is literally the backbone of everything that we're going to do in the next couple videos is built off of is this desire. Now, how is desire applied to your product?

So let's say, for example, if you have a desire to make more money, right? There's a couple different ways we could help someone like with the desire of make more money. So if you have a desire, I want to make more money, here's a couple different options for you, which is option one, start a local car wash business, invest into stocks, get a new job, start a Facebook ads agency.

These are different types of ways you can all make more money. Like literally all of them, you can make more money with. Now, this is also where like market sophistication will come in play.

And we'll talk about that in the next episode. Now, here's another example right here, actually showing you the desire of like, for example, weight loss right here, all different products, but the same desire. So there's lots of different products for a particular desire.

And what we want to do here is you can see in all of these examples is that they're focusing on the desire for losing weight. Now, you will have different desires in your marketplace that you can focus on. And each desire will have different audience size groups they'll also have various, you know, sophistication levels.

Some desires are easier to sell to. Some of the desires are stronger or like harder to sell to. So you will have a variety of different desires in your marketplace.

When we're scaling Facebook ads, we'll also be looking at the particular desire we're going after. And sometimes we may have to change it to appeal to a larger group of people. So that way, you know, after a while, when you're spending, spending, spending, and you start to drop, that's usually sometimes where we need to change the desire or the awareness level.

Now, there's permanent desires like sex appeal, keeping health in check, making money. These are things that just like, they're all the time. You always have the desire for these types of things right here.

Whereas like you have trending desires where like these are short-term things. These are things that they'll come and go throughout your life, but they'll short-term things. So for example, buy a Valentine's Day gift for a loved one.

Like you're only going to have that desire for 21 days throughout the year for one specific time period. Buy the latest new TV. You know, you're going to buy a TV.

It'd be a couple of years. Then boom, you want to go buy a new one. So like these are trending desires that come and go.

Now, Nick, how do you actually go ahead and determine desires of your marketplace? Well, number one is looking at reviews. So you're looking for the, I want statements through market research.

Example, here's a review. And here's the want more energy for workouts. It's a pre-workout supplement right here.

I think it was a pre-workout or something like that. But you see right here, energy and stamina when taking pre-workout. So they're talking about the main things that this product noticed.

And we kind of just look at that. Hey, like that's the benefits. You know, what's the desire that's linked to that?

Another one right here, want a perfect pillow for side sleepers. As a side and back sleeper, finding the perfect pillow has always been a challenge. So they want the perfect pillow for a side sleeper.

And again, this is just market research. You can do this through Amazon. You can do this through YouTube reviews, Reddit, Quora, looking at some of the other competitor websites, looking at the competitor reviews, looking at your own reviews.

Like these are all different things that, you know, like websites, you can do these reviews on or like research on. And then here's another one. It makes your fingernails so much stronger.

I had nails that easily broke, not anymore. So the problem was nails that easily broke. Solution was this, that got them these fingernails that so much stronger.

So your desire can also be a problem they're dealing with. They're dealing with a particular problem and, you know, they want to solve that problem. They desire for that problem to be solved.

That's what I'll look at it from there. And again, for research, YouTube videos plus comments, your Facebook ad comments, social media sites of competitors, competitor ad libraries plus websites, Amazon listing and reviews, Reddit, Google, all great places for market research. I can also download foreplay, foreplay.app or foreplay.co, I think it is.

And that way you can see like all the, like winning Facebook ads for other brands. And it just makes it easier to like segment that versus using the Facebook ad library. Now, again, how do you actually apply this desire to your ad?

The way I look at it is my Facebook ad creative headline or Facebook ad hook. So you can see right here, this is the first thing you notice. So it's going to be in that creative and you can see right here, this is the hook for this video.

This is the hook for this image right here. It's applying that first second. Because why?

Because we're calling out something people want. We want to connect with them and then we want to show them how our product can satisfy that particular desire right there. You can also hit on it in the copy and the headline on Facebook.

But again, that creative headline is going to be that 80% rule of what's going to create the biggest impact right there. Now, how do you actually test for different Facebook desires or how do you actually test for different desires across your marketplace? So what you're going to do is you're going to do your research and you're going to find the top common ones across your marketplace.

And then from there, what you want to do is you want to create one ad concept. Again, an ad concept for me is one DCT. So if you go watch how to test new Facebook ads or how to test Facebook ad creatives to my YouTube channel, I show you the DCT approach and everything like that.

And from there, what we want to do is we want to test one desire per DCT. So that's three creatives per DCT. And then what we'll do is we'll just do three different visual hooks on those creatives right there.

And then from right there, we'll test all these desires. We'll see which one gives the best. And then we'll go and keep building new ads around that particular desire.

This is another great example right here. This particular brand is one of our older brands right here. We've been running ads for for a while.

They used to crush it, but now it's just this particular product got overly saturated. But without further ado on this, we were scaling this brand and we were stuck like $100, $200 a day of Facebook ad spend. And you'll notice that the desire for this is like personalized sign, perfect gift for their birthday, give your loved one something to remember.

It's focusing on desire for gifting is the biggest thing right here. Now, prior to this, we would run ads like, hey, it's great for your wall. Put it on your wall.

And we weren't really getting anywhere. And like I said, we're doing $200 a day of Facebook ad spend. Once we were able to unlock that gifting desire, we were able to scale from $1,000 to $2,000 a day in Facebook ad spend.

So literally from $100 to $200, it's about $1,000 to $2,000 a day of Facebook ad spend. Now, key thing here is that we also shot totally new content as well to articulate that desire. A lot of people think, oh, I just need to put in the words and that's it.

No, you actually need to go shoot content as well to actually articulate that desire. So if you want to articulate to them, it's the perfect gift. You can go shoot content that also resonates with that.

That's a big mistake people make. They don't go shoot the content to resonate with that desire and that way it doesn't give it a good test. So hope you guys enjoyed this video.

This is part one. Again, next episode we're going to talk about sophistication, then awareness, then we'll actually put some examples of putting it all together. So hope you all enjoyed.

Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for the rest of the videos of the series to get notified for it. And without further ado, y'all have a good race to y'all day.

Peace out.