Welcome to part four and the finality of Facebook Ads Advanced Guide in 2024. We'll be diving into the advanced consumer psychology side for positioning products for success with Facebook ads and more focusing on the creatives and how to build those Facebook ad creatives that convert like wildfire. Today, we're going to be actually putting some examples together.

So we learned about desire, we learned about awareness, we learned about sophistication. And now we're going to be actually kind of applying those together and writing out some hooks. That's what we're writing out today because that's where everything starts with the hook.

So let's dive into it. I just want to get clear with you guys really quick of what we're focusing on today. So number one is that focusing on the hook.

And what is the hook? The hook is what people see in that first littering in an image ad right here. It's with the big bold text right here.

It's not the body copy. It's not the little headline down here. It's this, the main thing that people see.

Here's another example right here. This is my girlies who need a girl's night soon. This is the hook.

So this is the hook on a photo ad. This is the hook in a video ad. This is the basis of everything.

This is where everything starts for production. Now, desire, awareness, and sophistication. It's important to learn these three things because that's how you structure your hook to appeal to a certain demographic.

All right. So let's go ahead and get started. So we'll write out a few different things.

Let's be kind of more of just a freestyle. I have nothing planned for this. So we'll see.

But I did start off with something I know because if I know some, because, you know, one, if I know something, it's going to be easier for me to write and well, Nick, that's not fair. You have, you know about this, you blah, blah, blah. It's like, well, yeah, no shit.

That's where your research comes in play. And while we spend more time researching versus actually writing or actually running Facebook ads, that's why out of an eight hour a day, we'll spend 10 to 15 minutes actually running the Facebook ads and the other seven and a half hours, literally just doing research and writing. And out of that seven and a half hours, we'll do seven hours of researching to write 30 minutes.

So just why, that's why we focus a lot on every time when we create ads. Okay. So our desire is to scale Facebook ads.

Our sophistication is to, you know, level four. So let's just talk about this a little bit more. So desire scale Facebook ads.

So I'm going to use my agency service. A lot of our clients, they come on board because they want to scale their Facebook ads. They're like, Hey, Nick, I want someone experts to run into it and like to scale the Facebook ads up.

You know, I want to get to like four or $5,000 today in Facebook ad spend. So I'm talking about 10 to $15,000 today in Facebook ad spend. They want to grow, they want to scale.

So that's their desire. Now the sophistication level, let's just take a second to think about this real quick. Am I the first person ever to run Facebook ads?

No. Am I the second person ever? No.

Am I introducing a new mechanism? Well, possibly. Is it a stage four yet?

A stage four means there's introduced a new mechanism to run Facebook ads. There's a new way to run Facebook ads. And then also stage four is all about, Hey, let's look at, you know, making that better.

And then stage five is more identity. So look, I just kind of made a number like a three or fours with the marketplace is there's tons of mechanisms for running Facebook ads, but then a level four, there's also a lot of people that are also doing that mechanism better. Now for us, we're going to introduce a whole new mechanism today in the ad we're writing, right?

Why? Because that's just what I want to do because sophistication, you can play in a three, a four or five, depending on the number of products people failed with prior to working with you or buying your product. If you're an e-com store, it doesn't mean it's not solely service-based.

So now what's their awareness level? What is their awareness level? All right, look, if they want to scale Facebook ads, they're pretty freaking aware or pretty freaking solution aware because, you know, they want to grow their Facebook ads and everything.

They've worked with other agencies and stuff like that. Like it's pretty freaking solution aware. Now, who is our persona?

Now, this is where we want to get really clear at. I do not want some bullshit like Shopify store owners. That gives me nothing because people who like Shopify store owners, people are at zero to $10,000 a month are going to have completely different problems and completely different desires than people who have 10 to 20,000, et cetera.

The people that we talk to at a hundred K a month, like we only work with clients on a hundred K or more a month. And that's purely because our agency fee starts off at 10 to $15,000 a month. So like, it just doesn't make sense for anyone less than a hundred K a month.

Now, with that being said, we want to scale to a million dollars per month. So we have, we have a very specific persona we're going after. So get specifically your persona, Shopify store owners who are stuck, who, who are stuck in a while, but stuck in a hundred dollars per month and wants to scale to a million per month in revenue.

All right. What's our product agency service. Okay, cool.

So we have a good bit of stuff. So some of the hooks we could start writing hooks is boom, new emotion, baiting strategy, creates lift. Okay.

So let's look at this real quick. Boom. New emotion, baiting strategy creates a hundred percent lift in Facebook adspin.

It's like good hook or bad hook. Well, let's look at this. So new emotion, baiting strategy.

Okay. So we're appealing. We're introducing a new mechanism now creates a hundred percent lift in Facebook adspin.

Okay. So we're talking about the scale. Now the problem here is that it does not appeal to our persona.

Why? Because a hundred percent lift in Facebook adspin, I could be talking about from a dollar to $2 a day, $5 a day to $10 a day. It does not appeal to my persona based off what they want.

So let's do something new, a new emotion, baiting. Okay. So let's look at this now.

So Facebook ads, emotion, baiting strategy, introducing a new mechanism creates more seven figure a month shop, five stores than anything else. So what are we doing? We're talking about that.

Hey, they want to go to a million dollars a month. They're also talking about through Facebook ads. So in Facebook ads, emotion, baiting strategy creates more boom, boom.

So yeah, it's like, this is technically like a winner in a way of hitting on everything we want. This is a stage three market markets, a fist and solution aware, boom, solution aware. All right.

Boom. Okay. So for this right here, I'm happy with it, but I'm not like 100%, you know, I'm like, all right, cool.

This is a good, but let's look at something else here. So let me, this is where we're going to start introducing AI here. So, all right, we start through the process.

Our whole goal with the first hook is to essentially just go ahead and write down, let's say, for example, like write down the bare bones. Like this is the bare bones. I wouldn't say it's perfect, but it hits on all of our key things.

It hits on desire, the sophistication level, the awareness, and the persona. It's hitting on all those key things. So now what I like to look at here is, okay, I would spend more time rewriting these headlines and hooks.

I'd probably write another like 19 to 20 of them, but I'm also going to use AI because I know a lot of you guys like, well, Nick, can we change GPT? Well, here you go. Let's use some AI real quick.

Boom. Here is my ad hook. Can you write me 10 more?

Boom. Okay, cool. So here we go.

Struggling to scale your Shopify store. This weird Facebook ads tactic drove blank more sales this last month. So let's just go back.

Let's paste that. Okay. So struggling to scale your Shopify store, are they solution aware?

Are they problem aware? Well, this is where it's like, even though we're struggling with something, that doesn't mean it's problem aware. So problem aware for here would be like actually identifying problem, but I would, I would still keep this as solution aware right here.

Like this still looks solution aware to me because we're just calling out of, Hey, they've, they have a desire for selling a Shopify store. And we're just calling out the fact they've tried other solutions to scale. And now we're introducing a whole new one.

Now this weird Facebook ads tactic drove $630, 638% more sales last month. I'm not a fan of that because we want to appeal to people that are doing a million dollars a month. So this weird Facebook ads tactic drove $1 million in sales last month.

There we go. I actually really liked that. I like that formatting did really good with that.

So again, that's a stage three mark sophistication. So boom. All right.

Struggling to scale your Shopify store, this weird Facebook ads actually drove $1 million in sales last month. I'm actually going to use that. I like that.

I'm going to use that as a hook for one of my organic content. So you can go through these and just kind of tweak them, take some of these and tweak them. Now this is not chat GPC.

This is clawed that AI. This is something new I've been using that I've been really enjoying. I think it has a lot better of a ad copy and like, you know, type of like marketing understanding the chat.

I've been just seeing way better in terms of like things like that. So now let's go a little bit more. I'm trying to think.

So like, here's how we wrote a hook, the awareness level, sophistication, desire, product. Now what I want to do is write out the rest of the script. So a couple of different things we could do here.

So let's say I really like this hook, hook I want to use. Boom. All right.

Now here we can go two different routes. We can go to photo ad or we go to video ad. All right.

So photo ad main, let's just do, do, do main texts on image, which equals boom. All right. And then the visual we'll use, let's see struggling to scale your shop fire is this weird Facebook attack that drove a million dollars in sales last month.

Let's do a split screen photo with one side showing a Shopify dashboard, uh, 1 million in sales and the other showing a blurred document. Again, I'm not really focusing right now on Facebook friendly and Facebook safe. I'm just simply trying to articulate the point I'm trying to make here for you guys.

All right, there we go. Now for here, the landing page, the landing page will drive people to a short, a short landing page that goes into that goes, let's see, that has a 10 minute VSL on it and then call to action of us. VSL is video sales letter, video sales letter on it.

That's a 10 minute video sales letter on it. We'll drive to start with that as a 10 minute video sales letter on it, where we'll break down the strategy. There we go.

Cool. So that's it. That's our ad right there.

We'll go, we'll recreate that and then boom. Now video, let's go into the video side real quick. All right, let's look at time real quick.

Yeah, we still have plenty of time. So video we'll use hook. Okay.

All right. So this is where I do a video slightly different. So what I'll do for here is I will boom struggling to scale your shop by store this weird tactics.

So what I'll do for here for a video is I'll write the script out. Then I'll come and do like the visuals and stuff like that. So like this is line one struggling to scale your shop for this weird Facebook tactic drove $1 million in sales last month.

Do just for timing purposes. I don't feel like writing a script. So I'm just going to use this create me a 30 to 60 second video script using this hook.

Boom. Let's see what call it says. Okay.

Let's take this real quick. Are you sick of your shop by store sales being stuck in a rut? I hate that a lot.

Okay. If you're struggling to scale your Facebook, you need a break to listen. Okay.

We already used that. I really like this. Boom.

Struggling to scale your shop by store. This weird Facebook tactic drove $1 million in sales last month as shop by experts managing over $5 million in yearly ad spend. I've seen, let me just do this.

Boom. Shop by expert managing over $5 million in your spend. I've seen all the lame tactics out there, but this strange approach goes against all the conventional wisdom yet.

It works just works like crazy. Ooh, I love that. Okay.

All right. Let's see. So I don't want to go too much into it because I literally just want to keep dangling the carrot in front of people.

I want people to opt into my free training and on that free training right there is where people actually get to understand it. And then it sells them on my like agency services and stuff like that. So, and I also spent $20 million last year on Facebook.

Yeah. So struggling to scale your Facebook ads where it's weird. Facebook, I drove $1 million in sales last month.

Shopify ads expert, new Facebook ads experts. You're an ad spend. I've seen all lame tactics out there, but this strange approach goes against all the cringe from yet.

It just works like crazy. We've helped, we've helped this men's fashion brand. Let me do this actually just last month.

We've helped boom. This men's fashion brand do $1 million in sales, a mushroom brand do $345,000 in sales and a legion brand do 100,000 leads all because of this one weird tactic. And for the next 60 minutes, I'll have a free training ready live that goes into the exact steps on how to implement it.

Simply click the link below. Okay, cool. So what I'll do here is, all right, struggle to scale your Shopify store.

This weird Facebook ad tactic drove $1 million in sales last month. Solution aware, they're looking for different ways to scale your Shopify store. They've tried other different ways.

So we're introducing a new mechanism. You can introduce a new mechanism by saying like weird or like this new strategy. Just keep in mind that it can get overused.

So sometimes actually calling out the Facebook ads tactic actually makes it better. Like, Hey, this emotion mating Facebook ads tactic drove $1 million in sales last month. Cause if everyone's saying this weird, then guess what?

Now all of a sudden you, you become part of the group. As a Facebook ads expert ranging over $20 million in your spin, I've seen all name tactics out there, but this strange approach goes against all the conventional wisdoms yet. It sounds, it just works like crazy.

Just last month, we've helped this men's fashion brand do $1 million in sales. Mushroom self-man brand do $345,000 in sales and a legion brand do $100,000 or a hundred thousand leads all because of this one weird tactic. And for the next 60 minutes of a free training live, that goes into the exact steps on how to implement it.

Simply click the link below to access. All right, cool. So now what I would do is I would actually go and write the visuals.

So let me actually do it like this. And then I'll go and write like the visuals under it. So the way I do the visuals is, is I ask myself, okay, how do I visually articulate each line?

So for example, this one right here, actually struggling to scale Shopify store at this weird Facebook ad tactic drove $1 million in sales last month. So what are the different visuals you ask yourself right now? What are the different visuals that I can showcase here that just simply makes sense?

So show a Shopify screenshot of $1 million in sales. Now this is fucking terrible, right? Why?

Because show a Shopify screenshot of $1 million in sales. All right, how? Like, do I pop it up on the screen while I'm talking?

Do I go ahead and I don't know, do I, do I like put my phone up against the computer? You need specifics. This is where a lot of people fuck up in their UGC scripts.

So put, hold phone and talk to, hold phone up to computer showing a Shopify store that did $1 million in sales. Showing a Shopify analytics dashboard that did $1 million in sales. So there we go.

That's a little bit more applicable. You know, it's a little bit more easy. All right.

Now I'll go through the whole script and just ask myself, how do I visually articulate this? So this one right here, talk to camera. And then while you say the line showcase a variety of stores hitting spin.

So while I'm talking to the camera and it's like, all right, Hey, so Facebook ads, ads, expert managing over $20 million in years and ad spend, you know, I can have like pop-ups of different, like Shopify dashboards or like Facebook ad dashboards showing the level of spins. All right. Next, next one is I've seen all the lame tactics out there.

Showcase a visual of the other lame tactic. Let's say maybe I could do a showcase, a visual of someone trying to set up cost caps. Obviously I would go a little bit more in depth on that.

And yeah, so I'll just go through the whole script. I'll just keep following this process to where I have my actual script itself. And then have the visuals that I'll do in this from here, what I'll do is I'll take the script and I'll send it off to my video editor, or I'll send this off to a UGC creator, something like that.

And yeah, guys, I mean, this, this is it. This is how we take desire. We take sophistication, we take awareness, and we put all that together to actually write a script.

Hopefully this helps you guys out. And if you want to see more around this particular series, drop the comments below. So I know what to create.

If you guys want to learn more about this and how to apply this, click the link below to join my inner circle, have Nick Terrio mentor you where I actually work with over a hundred students on a monthly basis, reviewing their ads, reviewing their creatives, and talking more on how to apply this to their specific situation. So I don't teach anything new, teach the same stuff, but it's more of a, hey, this is what I would do in your situation. So you can share your ad creatives to me and get my feedback versus just, yeah, here's a video on this.

So click link below for how Nick Terrio mentor you. If you're like, hey, Nick, this is way too much for me to handle. And I just rather you run my ads, click link below to have Nick Terrio run your Facebook ads.

Again, we work with stores on a hundred thousand dollars per month or more in revenue. With that being said, hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name is Nick Terrio.

I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.